Yeah, those are pretty good, but there are funnier ones in my post in the Creationism vs Evolution forum.
bullsh*t. you do get critized for tlaking about god... any other god other than the christian god that is  I don't have too much to say on this debate because I don't really enjoy debating religion. I would like to respond to this though, because I've had a similiar experience. My sunday school teacher asked us why we thought "God" didn't punish people of other religions for not believing in him....I think we were supposed to answer because he is a merciful god. However, I asked why it couldn't be that all the Gods are really the same essence of God, just worshipped in different ways. My sunday school teacher told me that this absolutely could not be true and continued to shoot down my arguement. However, the only proof she could come up with was a quote from the ten commandments which I can't remember the exact words of...something about believing only in him and no other god....so, yeah, feel free to pick apart my arguement 'cause I don't really care....
Very good point. There is a great diversity of beliefs in the world. Raelians, for example, believe that humans were genetically engineered by aliens. From an objective point of view, that belief system is no less credible than Christianity.
A definition is the meaning of word that someone created using their own opinions. How strange. It seems that Habbit's definition of the word definition is meaningless. Physicists and chemists can define what they mean by the word "carbon," but according to Habbit that is just their opinion. According to Habbit, carbon can be a chocolate candy meant to be eaten in a car. That may be his opinion and he considers it as valid as specific definitions assigned to words used by experts in any given field. And, a circle could be called a circle in the English language, but I could make up a new language in which a circle would be called a square and a square a circle. But your new language would be meaningless. The definition of a circle or a square does not vary from language to language. Mathematical definitions are not matters of opinion but quite precise descriptions so that all mathematicians will understand what is meant when the term is used. The words may change but the meaning doesn't. Math is not opinion. It is not my opinion that a triangle has three angles. That is a matter of definition.  Apparently Habbit doesn't understand that substituting the words of another language does not change the concept. That sort of argument is basically ignorant XXXX.
No hay de que. Wait. I mean, de nada. Wait again. Those express the same thing in the same language with different words. I guess it must be a matter of opinion.
Habbit has been reduced to meaningless insults. He made a fool of himself by demonstrating his ignorance of language and now has nothing worthwhile to say.
Don't like it when the person you're arguing against can be as sarcastic as you are, huh? I understand, I get these types of whines all the time.   Not at all. Your answers were without content or meaning. There was no sarcasm. You snipped most of my remarks because you were unable to address them. You have no answers and have been reduced to insult. That means that you have lost the discussion and you know you have lost. Otherwise you would attempt meaningful answers. You have made yourself a fool with nothing but names and insults.
OK. I've got it now. I said: You have made yourself a fool with nothing but names and insults. but I would have been more correct to say: Shut up you retarded moronic idiot. You little whining baby, stop wasting my time you dumb fool.   At least you are aware of your own mental deficiencies.
My religion is a mix between Christianity, Buddhism and atheism   I believe in science, but I beleive it as the way that God created the universe.    Atheism has only one tenet, and you don't hold it.
Ness, Do you embrace the theology of Christianity, the morals, the ritual? What component?
Sounds like you're a deist mixed with a belief in reincarnation.
"My religion is a mix between Christianity, Buddhism and atheism so I have taken what I think is satisfying out of all three and made it into one."   - Sorry but I find that hard to beleive even if you substitue science for atheism.   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
many people hold your belief. about the buddhism thing; no. reincarnation is also held dear to those of the jahova's witnesses. they are 'christians'.  you are a considered a modern christian, due to your belief in science.
Gilligan, I'm not sure Jehovah's Witnesses can be considered Christians. Not in the accepted and traditional use of the word Christian. They do not believe in the divinity of Christ.
They do not believe in the divinity of Christ.  Whoa, they don't? What do they believe?
Whoa, they don't? What do they believe?  SAm, Check out this official Jehovah's Witness website:  http://www.watchtower.org/library/ti/article_06.htm   Make sure to read the section "God Superior At All Times" specifically the 3rd paragraph, although the entire article applies
 Probably the most wierd of my beliefs is that the person we view as God may be a member of an advance alien race capable of creating their own universes.  wow, thats a new one, sorta. someone told me jesus was an alein once. which makes sense cuz he didnt come from this planet. so are you saying there are more gods out there? maybe one for every planet with life on it.. hmm
please, correct me if I'm wrong, BUT:  Belief in God requires faith. Faith is by definition the absence of proof. Therefore a belief in God has no proof.   But that leads to the next question: What is proof?  Nope, I disagree. Belief in God requires faith only because there is no proof. The faith requirement is inherent in the lack of proof, not inherent in the nature of God.
Um, isn't the nature of God another belief? After all, there's no way to prove there is a "nature of God." To believe in God's nature you must believe in God, therefore we are back to the logical deduction that a belief in God has no proof. I think it's safe to say that if God exists, he has a nature. That's not really adding anything to the debate.
But that is all secondary to the point of proving God. Something that doesn't exist cannot have a nature. Therefore, to believe in one's nature, you must believe in the one. So essentially nature is irrevelant until the thing that acts is proven.   So, back to the drawing board. Belief in God = Faith = Absence of proof = Belief in God, no proof. Therefore, you cannot prove God while having faith.  Ah, but that's not what you said before.   Belief in God requires faith. Faith is by definition the absence of proof. Therefore a belief in God has no proof.   The top conclusion says you cannot prove that God exists and still have faith, which is certainly true. If you could prove God's existence than you wouldn't need faith, you'ld have certain knowledge. The lower conclusion says that proof of God's existence is impossible, because faith is a requirement. I don't believe that's true. If God felt like it, he could certainly make an appearance and prove his existence. He could manifest everywhere in the world simultaneously, perform a bunch of miracles, dispense some wisdom and then head back up to heaven. This would have a huge impact on religion , but it wouldn't change the nature of God. He wouldn't suddenly disappear because everyone knew he existed, rather than just having faith.
How do we know it's God?  The "demonstration" I gave was just an off the cuff example. Most working definitions of God say he's omnipotent and omniscient. That being the case, he would know exactly what demonstation would convince every specific person, and he could perform that demonstration. Or for that matter, he could simply implant certain knowledge of his existence in everyones minds. The point being, if God wanted to prove that he existed, being omnipotent, he ought to be able to do so.
i guess part of free will is that you can only "know" God exists by your own choice. if everybody were forced to be aware of God's existence then there would be no reward for being a believer.   To the best of my knowledge, and I could be wrong here, the Bible doesn't guarantee free will.    like i said, its either the bible is true and God's existence can never be proven, or the bible is false and God's existence can be proven. you cannot believe the bible is true and expect to ever hope to prove that God exists simultaneously. if you believe the bible, then you must accept that God's existence is nothing more than your faith telling you so.  Sure, I'll buy that.   however, if you dont believe the bible, then its ok to assume that God can possibly provide physical evidence of his existence. but why would you think God exists if you dont believe the bible?  I can think of a couple of reasons. First, maybe you follow a religion that doesn't use the Bible as its holy book. Let's not be too Judeo-Christian-Muslem-centric here. Secondly, perhaps you think that the Bible isn't the unadulterated word of God, but rather man's attempt to explain God. Thus, it could be mostly right, but with some mistakes.
 But that all depends on what your definition of proof is. The common athestic proof is concrete, and testable. Aka, God comes down and does a interview on Oprah and subjects himself to scientific tests. Your definition may simply be "miracles." Therefore, you cannot prove God exists simply by phenomana, nor can I prove that God doesn't exist simply by phenomana. You can say all of the events happening are proof of God, but my definition of proof is vastly different then yours.    Are you trying to say that if an omnipotent, omniscient being wanted to prove that he existed, he wouldn't be able to? I don't buy that. Granted, what might convince one person might not convince another, but he's omniscient. He knows what will be convincing for any given person. And he's omnipotent, so naturally whatever the convincing act is, he could do it.  And just to be sure I'm reading you correctly, when you say "definition of proof" do you actually mean "what constitutes proof"? The definition of proof is pretty well established, it's what people consider sufficient evidence to constitue proof that leads to debate.
 if the bible is true, and God cannot lie, then he, being omnipotent and omniscient, could not provide concrete proof even if he wanted to. because if he did, then faith would be non-existent, and God requires faith, according to the bible. therefore if God did provide proof that he existed, then it would nullify the bible. of course this is assuming that the bible is true...  Why do you keep bringing this point up? Granted, it's an interesting and valid argument, but we're discussing the existence of God, not the validity of the Bible. "God" does not necessarily mean the God described in the Bible, nor should any apparent contradictions in the Bible be used as evidence for or against the existence of God.
Well, first off it's entirely possible for the Bible to be completely wrong, and still have a God which interacts with humanity. Perhaps, for example, the Jews have it right. Or the Hindus, or Buddists, or Taoists, or even the followers of Voodoo for that matter. God, or Gods for that matter, could exist and interact with the world in a manner utterly different from that described in the Bible.  As for a God with no track record, that's also another distinct possibility, which shouldn't be ignored. Perhaps God did create the universe, but not for our benefit, as it were. He may have made the universe for reasons which have absolutely nothing to do with us, and we're just a side effect. God may be aware of us, but not particularly care about us one way or the other. Thus, no punishments, no rewards. Granted, not a comforting thought, but one which should be honestly addressed in any serious discussion of the topic of God's existence.
 if every written work that talks about God in history has been found illogical, then it maybe the very concept of God himself is illogical.  Carefull. Don't confuse the description of a thing with the thing itself. Even if no one has come up with a logically consistant description of God that shouldn't imply that the reason for that is the God himself is illogical.    furthermore, what possible benefit would there be to pursue knowledge about the existence of a God that does not interact with man? just for knowledge sake? and how do you suppose we find such knowledge if this God does not interact with man? This is a philosophy forum. Philosophy is about the pursuit of knowledge, regarless of its immediate "value". Logically speaking, an indifferent God is one possibility, and so should be considered. As for how we would invesitgate such a God, I don't have a clue in the world. But again, just because a possibility doesn't open up useful avenues for study doesn't mean it can't be true. It could, however, be dropped as a debate topic due to lack of interest. :)
 Are you so sure? That is quite a range you give. Some people are willing to debate anything, regardless of the proof. I ask, what is YOUR definition of proof?  You are correct there. I've had people refuse to accept my proofs no matter how convincing. But then again, I don't have supernatural powers.   I'll go with the definition I got from dictionary.com: 1. The evidence or argument that compels the mind to accept an assertion as true.  As you point out, some minds refuse to be compeled in certain directions, at least without extreme measures being taken. Like, for example, direct intervention by God.   But aliens exist in the realm of the natural. Therefore, they cannot be a act of the supernatural. The later part of your post is true.  This argument reminds me of a quote from Arthur C. Clarke: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.   I'm not sure if the inverse is true though. i.e., Any magic (miracle) is explainable as very high tech. After all, tech is still bound by the laws of physics, while presumably miracles aren't.
Ok, how's this for a defintion. If something obeys the "natural" laws, such as the laws of physics and chemistry, then it's natural. If it violates those laws, it's supernatural.   Of course, we don't know all the laws of physics, so we can't be absolutely sure if some thing is supernatural or not, but at least it's a working defintion.
fair enough, though obviously insufficient. its a very open definition, so its not that useful. how about "if something violates the KNOWN natural laws, then its supernatural". there is no natural law that explains object levitation, for instance, so that would be considered as supernatural for the sake of this discussion  The problem with that defintion is that as we learn more, we'll most likely be shifting thing from the supernatural to natural category. Your definition allows us to categorize everything, at the risk of being wrong about some things. My definition only lets us definitivley categorize natural things, with everything else being in the "maybe supernatural/maybe hi-tech" group.  Phrased that way, your definition does seem the most useful. It does let us point at something and call it supernatural, even if we may need to change our minds later.
So, regardless of which definition we use, we're still in the situation of not being able to point to any phenomena and being able to definitevly say that it's supernatural. And of course, even if it is supernatural, that doesn't mean that it must be divine.  This suggests to me that any proof of God's existence that is based on the examination of phenomena isn't going to work. Since we can't know that an event is supernatural, any proof that's based on that event will be suspect. I think we'll need to look elsewhere.
But as you pointed out before, people used to think things like thunder were supernatural. We know that we don't know everything about physics yet, so we can't be sure that any of those things you mention couldn't have natural causes. Anti-gravitons could cause levitation, extremely hydro-phobic polymers on your shoes could let you walk on water, etc.  We could certainly say that these things look supernatural, but like you said, our first instinct would be to try to find the natural cause. And even if we couldn't find one, that wouldn't mean that one didn't exist. Anytime we called something supernatural all we'd really be saying is we haven't found a natural cause yet.
yes, but then again, supernatural phenomenon could possibly have NO natural explanation and be genuinely supernatural. when we classify something as supernatural, we are saying "we dont know IF there is a natural explanation at all".  Exactly my point.  According to the title of this thread, the uber-discussion here is proof of God's existence. We both seem to agree that we can't really be sure if an event is supernatural or just hi-tech. My point is that if we're looking for proof of God's existence, then basing it on supernatural events won't work, for just that reason. We can't know, to a sufficient degree to qualify as proof, that an event is supernatural, and therefore evidence for God's existence.
of course they do. the distinction is clear. supernatural pertain to phenomenon for which no known natural laws can explain. of course there are no such phenomenon in reality, but they exist in the imaginary, and need the term to define them.  you might be more correct to say there is no distinction between "paranormal" and "supernatural"  I don't think that works. First off, I've always thought of "paranormal" as refering to things which would be natural if they existed, but it's generally assumed that they don't. For example, if big foot was real, he'd just be a big ape thing with a good instinct for hiding, perfectly natural. But it's generally assumed he's not real, so he gets classified as paranormal.   And I don't understand what you mean when you say that supernatural phenomenon don't really exist. Are you saying that they simply don't exist at all, or that phenomenon that look supernatural do happen, but they really all have natural causes.
So I kinda lost track. What are we trying to establish here then?
I've been reading some of Descartes. He presents an interesting argument in favor of the existence of God.   We have an innate idea within us of a supremely perfect being. We also have within us an innate idea of a triangle. It is obvious that the angles of a triangle are equal to two right angles. It is equally obvious that a supremely perfect being possesses all perfections. Existence is a perfection. Therefore God must exist just like the three angles of a triangle must be equal to two right angles.  What are your thoughts?  Are you suggesting God is a triangle... lol just kidding buddy emoticon_rolleyes
Are you suggesting God is a triangle... lol just kidding buddy emoticon_rolleyes  You should check the dates on the posts you reply to. That one is almost 10 months old.
You should check the dates on the posts you reply to. That one is almost 10 months old.  I know, I just couldn't resist lol... it was more for me than anyone else.
if god exists then which of your senses detects this god??... surely if the human being was created by god then wouldnt at least one of your senses detect him?? I am not asking this question to aggravate anyone I just want to know the answer, although im sure it will.  Why would you assume this? None of our senses detect radio waves, we need special machines to detect them, but they exist. If God created man and decided for some reason to stay hidded it would be trivial for him to design our senses so that we couldn't detect him. I don't know why he'd want to do this, I'm just saying he could.
In fact I would say it's pretty much a pre-requisite for mere human senses to be unable to detect somthing such as God.  I wouldn't go that far. If God wanted to, surely he could "tone down" his presence to something that we could perceive without melting our brains.  Not that I have one any more. Hrumph. emoticon_frazzled
What do you guys believe in, and why? Back up your beliefs, por favor. I'm gonna start off with something extremely general to **** some people off and get it started. Remember, this is just to get it started, i will explain myself agaisnt others later.  I dont believe in God, or at least not in the way that seems correct to some people. Any objections?  [Oh yea, and i am new to THESE boards, how do you create smilies and how to you do quotes at the bottom of your posts and how do you make quotes from other people (Bold and italics?)?? (Note: This is just a general question, not really part of the debate. Thanks! ^_^)]  Do you not think it's arrogant to enter a debate with "I'm here! I'm going to XXXX everyone off! Entertain me!" (although I use quotes I am suggesting a summary of what you said)  Perhaps you'd prefer playing with scorpions or doing something else.
God is whatever YOU, the INDIVIDUAL, believe it to be.
Sounds like you never met him, but you will( ultimately) either for salvation or for judgement.  I know, you him and satan have regular lunch dates and play golf 2 times a week. You don't seem to understand the statement I made.
The point, an individual must come to that place for themselves. We can educate, but must be careful in what we say. It is wrong to force a person to an immediate decision or to even attempt it. God died on the cross to give us the choice to accept him or not. Not to force us to accept him. If he wanted to force us to accept him he could have done that at creation without need for the cross.   Great post Epaphras, even from my point of view...but didn't jesus die on the cross? Does jesus = god?
Because the statement makes no sense  My statement makes no sense? Should I go back and post some of your previous statements? You want to talk about stuff that makes no sense! Listen, my statement meant exactly what it said. God is whatever the individual believes him to be. This means that if I think god is a 7 foot tall chinese man with red hair, then that is what god is to me. If you think god is a cosmic vapour, then that is what god is to you. If Epaphras thinks god is a 3 fold being, that is what god is to Epaphras. You asked in the original thread...What is god? Don't get upset or berate people of they give you an answer completely individual to them. What question could you ask and get a more personal answer?
Never......I understand what you was saying, now, however, just for clarification, God is just not some cosmic vapor to me   It was just an arbitrary example.  I can think of a few, anyways, Perhaps I should be more specific. We don't have to make up stuff(our thoughts) when his creation is all around us, and is us. Exploration/ Study of him, and personal testimony of contact.( Absolutes)   This is what I meant by saying "stuff that makes no sense". I am not saying that it is a rediculous statement, or that it is wrong....I am saying that I do not understand what you are trying to say. This is what Epaphras meant when he used the term "word salad" on another post. Your ideas do not come out clearly in your writing, and it is frustrating for people trying to read them...we have to try to interpret what we think you were trying to say.   Sounds like you never met him, but you will( ultimately) either for salvation or for judgement.   And this is what I was talking about. It seems that you ask a truely personal question, one in which the answer lies deep within all of us, then make it seem as if we are wrong for giving the incorrect answer. If you ask a personal question such as "what is god", expect all kinds of answers, and don't make people feel as if they are wrong just because they don't believe what you do.
Humans are about the furthest thing from perfect. The bible IS perfect, it's flawless. You can't take anything from it and prove it to be incorrect. The only thing that even comes close is misinterpretations of certain sentences.   What can you take in the bible and PROVE to be correct? And if you want to discuss interpretations, think about the fact that many christian sects have many different interpretations of the same text.
My point with this is that the toilets around the time of Jesus would have been holes in the ground that everyone shared use of, similar to those in the poorest regions of Africa, which result in Cholera and other such disease. Actually toilets would have been of the standard Roman design in use throughout the Empire. Namely a plank with holes above a drain with flowing water to carry away waste. Roman Sewage - History for Kids! http://www.cromwell-intl.com/toilet/imperialroman.html http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/lostempires/roman/toilets.html
Er . . . The Chambers English Dictionary 7th Edition (Printed 1989) has the following entry.  n. omnibenevolence universal benevolence. - adj omnibenevolent.  I found a clue.  Typed it in on google and got this as the first hit  Omnibenevolence - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Mongooseholly.co.uk &bull; View topic - El Sur Down Under  by Winston Smith on Fri Feb 06, 2009 9:55 am    Now the time has come to 'switch off', to end that 'era' and to begin another one. Forums were a hiatus in my life and nothing else.   Anyway, this is it  Adios  WS
Ive had a few debates/arguaments with various people regarding god and religion. Ive argued about the existence and the meaning of a god.  I would like to know what people think are the origins of a god, where did he/she come from?  Why did they create us? What motivation would a supreme being have for creating humanity?  All interesting questions, can anybody attempt to answer them?
You guys are a little above my head on most of this, but I just wanted to add a little something.  Nobody, not even an "all-powerful supreme being" can do something that is impossible, because then it would no longer be defined as impossible.
I'm really curious to see who beleives in god for concrete reasons and who beleives in him by faith.
I'm really curious to see who beleives in god for concrete reasons and who beleives in him by faith. In reality, there are no concrete 'reasons' for believing in God. If you believe in God, you believe based on faith. There is no incontrovertible physical evidence anywhere to even suggest that God exists... unless you first believe through faith that God exists.
Okay, everyone. This post can live or die with this recommendation:  Tedster - if you will, please, when starting a debate about a belief, please do not include the word concrete. Even if you are talking about the driveway. Okay?   <Big Orn sighs...< My, appologies Orn, won't happen again.
Again, this is evidence only to suggest not prove. I cannot prove nor can anyone else. However, to say that there is no evidence even to suggest it is way beyond the realm of logic. If you wrote this in response to my post, please note that I said that there is no PHYSICAL evidence that suggests that God exists without the mindset that God exists.  Individuals who believe that God exists do not constitute physical evidence of God's existence. Their belief in God is the reason for their seemingly amazing actions. Their belief is in their mind (and/or their 'spirit'). It is based on faith. It is not based on physical evidence in reality.  The Bible is a book. It was written by human beings (allegedly inspired by God). What is written in the Bible are ideas that were in existence prior to being written down, or they could not have been written down. If there is a central theme of ideas for a segment of the population over a long period of time, the population will be able to continue to write of those similar ideas with great consistency. That still does not constitute physical evidence in reality that God exists. That is just evidence that a similar belief in God has existed over a 'long' period of time by a segment of the population.
People are people and by nature will glorify themselves or attempt to. This is an assumption you are making, and it is your opinion. There is no evidence I am aware of that indicates what IS or ISN'T an essential part of human nature. But if you have evidence that suggests that human nature dictates that humans 'will glorify themselves or attempt to...' please, do share it.  You are quite correct that there is precious little PHYSICAL evidence to prove the reality of God. I do think there is evidence to suggest it. Suggestion is just that, suggestion. It does not require a preponderance of the evidence at all.  You misquote me here. I said that there is NO physical evidence... not 'precious little.' Any evidence that exists can only suggest that God exists if there is a pre-disposition to believe that God exists. If you are asserting that the evidence, by itself, can suggest that God exists, then share with me the evidence of which you speak.  I do think there is plenty of reason to believe in God. In reality, there are no 'reasons' to believe in God. Any 'reason' that you have for believing in God is made up in your mind. I believe in God. Why? Because I believe in God. I could list many reasons why I decide to believe in God, but they would simply be reasons to justify my belief. I do not need to justify my belief. I believe because I believe. Share with me what reasons you have for believing in God, and you will begin to see that your 'reasons' are fabricated by you.
...so I guess I'll just stop now. Thank you! Whew... :p   In theory, there has to be one immortal Creator of superior intelligence. I could go into it, but I'll spare you the details. There HAS to be? Hmm... I don't think so. Why don't you go into it and spare us no details.  ...why Christianity is the One True Way and there is no other religion... You believe that Christianity is the 'One True Way.' And if it is... then it is. But your belief does not make it so. You believe Christianity is the one true way to live with God forever in heaven. However, this belief has underlying assumptions which are also beliefs, one of which is the assumption that God even exists. And if God exists, that God is like the God described in the Bible.  These are things that can only be accepted through faith. It is not possible to KNOW these things... only to BELIEVE.
This statement is wrong... Thats proof for me that Jesus existed and that he is God...  Your penultimate sentence sums this up well with the emphasis that I added. What you describe is sufficient 'proof' for you to believe. Why? Because you believe. Other than the Bible (which is far from being an accurate historical textbook) from where do you obtain the evidence of these prophets and their prophecies?   I am not discussing the God/Person of Jesus specifically. I am not discussing whether or not Jesus is the Son of God, who rose from the dead in atonement for our sins and the sins of the whole world. (Which, incidentally, I believe.) I am discussing the God of the Hebrews (or any other god for that matter). To believe the prophesies of which you speak, one must have faith. To believe that Jesus actually rose from the dead and ascended into heaven, one must have faith. There is no physical evidence that I am aware of to indicate that it did happen the way the Bible said it happened... except for in writings of human beings allegedly inspired by God. It takes faith to believe that those human beings were inspired by God. It takes faith to believe that what they describe actually happened the way they describe it.  What I can say with certainty that cannot be disputed as far as I'm aware, is that whatever happened... happened. If a woman named Mary was impregnated by the Holy Spirit and conceived a child that she named Jesus who was crucified, died and buried, only to come back to life three days later and ascend into heaven after 40 days... then that's what happened. I believe that's what happened, but there's no physical evidence to prove that's actually what happened. It takes faith to believe.  And these scriptures have been unchanged for the past 2000-2500 approx years! Define "unchanged."
Something that made everything else. I like to call him "God." Along these lines, then... who or what 'made' God? Your answer will likely be that God wasn't made, but always has existed, right? If God has always existed, why couldn't that 'speck of dust' always have existed?
Thiest: I believe in God?  What is God as best defined by you?  Describe the nature of God. What is it that you believe in? If a God exists, then God is as God is.
Do you believe that you will hear an understanding of God that you've not heard before, or are you of the belief you are open-minded on the subject, and might well have an epiphany?  What possible concern is any of that to you?  Some actually search for knowledge through debate. This is a debate forum if you recall. Don't play if you're not so inclined but to post warnings not to fall in this trap, c'mon.
True but this progesses nothing twoards a conversation because you have no told me the nature of such an existance.  You have said if A is then A=A.... thats saying a lot without saying anything at all because you have failed to provide what A is. I am suggesting that (assuming a God exists) the nature of God is unknowable in the realm in which we exist. Unlike a square or a rock or a chair or a tree which are of this physical realm, and for which we can make a definition and then test the object to determine if it fits the definition, we cannot do this with God, simply because there is no way to 'test' God within the physical realm in which we exist. Many different people have many different ideas, none of which have evidence independent of their interpretations. These individual interpretations have no bearing on the true nature of God (again assuming a God exists). It is possible that some of these individual interpretations coincide with some aspect of the true nature of God. It is also possible that no individual interpretation comes close to defining the true nature of God. Ultimately, it is unknowable in the physical realm in which we exist.  By asking the question that you are asking, you may get responses from individuals with their personal interpretations of the God as they see God. None of these will have any 'proof.' I recognize that regardless of what anyone believes, God is as God is (assuming a God exists).  Certainly, discussion beyond what I pose is possible, but ultimately doesn't get us any closer to knowing the true nature of God, nor does it get us any closer to determining whether or not a God exists. That is the realm of belief. There are a multitude of beliefs about the nature of God (including a belief in the non-existence of God). What I stated is one thing that can be said of God with certainty.
Well then this is applicable to your response: ... T:I believe in God A:What is God? T:I dont know. Ultimately, this is the way anybody would have to answer. The conversation could follow thusly: T:I don't know what God is. But I do know what I believe God to be. I believe God to be X, Y, and Z. Instead of making up X, Y, and Z, I recognize that making up X, Y, and Z is irrelevant to the question of 'What is God.'   Then my question to you would be that if you dont know what God is... then what is it that you believe in? And my answer is that I believe God is as God is, however God is, assuming a God exists. That is my answer. That is what I believe. Anything beyond that is speculation, and I have no need to speculate.  I mean no offense but you have stated nothing relevant. If I am asking of what A is and you say A=A, that is nothing new and I learn nothing about A but rather that A is A which is self evident.  I have stated my answer to your question. You did not ask me to teach you anything about 'A.' Rather you asked, "What is God as best defined by you? Describe the nature of God. What is it that you believe in?" I have answered your question. I cannot change that you are not satisfied with my answer.  I'm curious to know how you would answer your own question? How would you define God? How would you describe the nature of God? What do you believe?
Within the context of this discussion, I have not indicated that I 'believe in' a God. Regarding your 'unie' example, the same point applies:  If a unie exists, then a unie is as a unie is.  Without a clear definition of a unie, we cannot know for certain whether or not a unie exists. The same applies to God. And since a clear and ultimate definition of God is unattainable in this realm, then we cannot know with certainty whether or not a God exists. We can only believe. If we believe that a God exists, we may also assign attributes to this God that we believe this God possesses.  All right then under this technically I re-pose my question: Teach me about God.  Not I, nor anyone in this physical realm, can teach you about God as God is, assuming God exists. I, along with everyone else, could only teach you what may or may not be true about God according to some perception of God (and again, assuming God exists).  My question can be taken both ways.  By saying "What is God" and "What do you believe God to be" I am essentially attempting to ask the same thing. I understand this now. It was not clear to me initially, as there is a distinction between the two question. One asks what IS, as in reality. The other asks what do you BELIEVE is.
...and mankind is by nature discontented. This is a belief. Based on the lens through which you view humanity. It is certainly not a universal belief, and therefore, not an all-encompassing statement.
This is a belief. Based on the lens through which you view humanity. It is certainly not a universal belief, and therefore, not an all-encompassing statement.   But who chooses who's belief is not relevant enough?  With all the beliefs in the world today that 1 man alone may be right, and all the other millions sucking to another belief may be wrong.
Well, the simplest refutation would be to say that God is omnipotent within the realms of logic. Everything that isn't inherently contradictory, God could do.  Another simple refutation would be to say that since God is beyond the physical realm, the logic of the physical realm doesn't apply to him. Perhaps he can create a rock so heavy he can't lift it, and yet still lift it. Our logic may simply not apply, the same way that Euclidean geometry doesn't apply in cruved space.
The first refutation is not a refutation at all - it is a retreat.   Fair enough.   The second refutation sounds like something Rousseau said, along the lines of "I don't care about logic. I'll believe in God privately." If one can claim that the power of God is beyond logic, but still true, then one can also claim that the powerlessness of God is beyond logic, but true. Similarily, I can claim that "2+2=5" is true by saying "We humans are too simple-minded to understand it, therefore it must be true." That's fallacious.  You missed my point. Logic is simply a set of rules, which works for us here. There is no reason to believe that logic would work outside of this universe, however. It's not a matter of whether or not we can comprehend anything, it's just a matter of whether or not the same rules govern where God is. There's no way for us to know that they do, so it's quite possible that logic doesn't work there.
 God can do whatever He wants. Although one can say "God does not" or "God is not", a thiest believeing in and worshipping the God of Abraham and Joachim I do not think should ever say "God can not" anything....  With God, all things and everything is possible.   Sentiments such as those expressed above in my view seem to be evident in Western Christianity where it seems believers are too often trying to bring God down to our level, imposing limits etc. If it is not possible to comprehend God... then why do people even try?
I think your assertion that the proof is fallacious is a result of the fact that you're attacking the wrong proof.  To restate the proof in premise/conclusion form, it would look like this.  Premise #1: - If God is all powerful, then he can do this (the rock thing.) Premise #2: - This is impossible due to the Law of Non-Contradiction. Conclusion: - God is not all-powerful.  It is based on a completely valid logical method:  Premise #1: - If P, then Q Premise #2: - Q is false Conclusion: - P is false  This is all pure speculation and an excercise in futility. What could we possibly discover about God when any theory concerning his capabilities cannot be tested? It's interesting that this question even comes up but I think it's fairly obvious that this question was designed as a trap because regardless of the answer, the conclusion one is supposed to draw is that God is not all powerful.
Christians, please clear you minds All of you commit the mistake of "incorrect classification" about the  "God and Stone" question  You put a completely logical thing into the illogical category You confound things like "a square circle" with "making a stone that one cannot pick up"  the former is certainly illogical, but the latter is not, workers who build viaducts have to make big concrete stone that they cannot lift by their hands. It 's absolutely possible in real world, and if it's possible in real world, how can it be impossible in the realm  of logic? Please don't shy away from the "God and Stone" question by instictively saying that "God cannot do illogical things" just because the question challenge your unoffendable icon .
God has already made a rock so big that nobody can move it.  It's called Ayer's Rock, in the center of Australia.  Then there's also Stone Mountain in Georgia, the largest monolithic piece of exposed granite in the world.  :)  so , can god make a stone he can't lift? I don't bother to doubt the truthfulness of your "evidence" (tell me how you know it is God who creates Ayer's Rock) I just want you to stick to this question
It doesn't matter. I suppose if He wanted to, He could do it, then undo it.  I believe it's already been shown in this thread that there are things that God can't do.  So what? There's still nothing more powerful!  So you admit that god is not omnipotent? if so,well, the foundation of Christianity is tottering.
the question was originally about an unbreakable rock. an unbreakable solid cannot exist, no matter how hard it is. hardness is relative, not absolute, therefore something cannot be infinitely hard. not only that, but all solids (rocks included) are made up of particles. even if the particles are extremely well bonded, they can possibly separate. the strengh of particle bonding is also relative  in the case of a rock so big God cannot lift it, the only concievable rock of that nature is a rock of infinite volume and mass. such a rock would use up all the space in the universe. since moving something means taking it from one place and putting it in another place, there would be no place that this rock would not be, and therefore no place to move the rock to. in such a case, we can say yes, God wouldn't be able to move this rock. if we want to be technical, then if God is powerful enough to create a rock of infinite volume and mass, then thats pretty dam powerful. even if he can't move such a rock, it would only be because its illogical to move a rock that takes up infinite space, not because God's ability is limited  a man insists that God is omnipotent  God is so powerful that he creates the world,a universe of which no man can see the boundary, everything in the universe comes from him. when asked whether god can make a stone he cannot lift, he says god's power is not limited even if he cannot create that stone because "the rock takes up infinite space" So a god who creates an infinite universe from nothingness cannot creates an infinite stone. the man who makes this kind of "argument" is either shameless, or mindless  again, the crux is: can he lift this stone?   P.S. this man also has a misconception about logic  moving a big object in insufficient space is "impracticable", not "illogical" we are sometimes met by problems like moving a new sofa into our home but the door is too small, will you say this act is illogical?
I admit nothing of the sort. God is omnipotent- ALMIGHTY, having virtually  unlimited authority or influence. (Webster's)  I doubt the foundation of Christianity depends at all on what I think. :p  you just give me irrelevant, useless, definition from the dictionary you are still unable to refute my words with reasons Remember, you say that there are somethings god can't do, and you say, "SO WHAT?"
Irrelevancy is in the eye of the beholder.  When using the Engish language, one usually refers to English definitions of words. I don't know which of your words need refuting. The argument presented is meaningless. You are merely trying to say that God is not infinitely powerful because here is an illogical thing that He cannot do. I and others have already admitted that there are things that God cannot or will not ever do. (He won't send another flood. He won't lie to us. He won't deny a believer entry into Heaven., etc)  Whether the rock can be made or not is totally inconsequential to the belief that God is omnipotent.  If you don't want to use the accepted definitions of words, you have no business arguing with people who do.  haha, another shameless man here. you distort, or purposely deny, the things in my first post. I clearly explained that "making a stone one cannot lift" is an logical act and you distort it, you say I challenge god's omnipotence with an illogical thing. I don't want you to quote the definition not because I don't accept them, but because I know already, and I am challenging the validity of the concept about "omnipotence".(Who,in this forum, don't know the definition of "omnipotent?)
Yes, but can he make a rock that is not completely unbreakable, yet too hard for him to break it?  Rather than joust with linguistics, why don't we simply ask the root question?  Can God violate the rules of logic? Can God do the logicaly impossible?  That's the real question here.
Theists cannot say no, or they would be suggesting that logic is more powerful than God.  Why should that be a problem? Why should an inability to do the logically impossible be considered some sort of flaw? It's not like logic is an actual force wrestling with God to see which is better. Any theists out there have any comments? Personally, defining onmipotence as being able to do anything that's logically possible, instead of just anything doesn't seem like that big a deal.
i said that an all-powerful God CAN create a stone of infinite size and mass do not shun the words "he cannot lift" you have said that god cannot lift a stone of infinite size and mass  therefore the whole sentence should be  "An all-powerful god can create a stone of infinite size and mass that he cannot lift." And it's apparently self-defeating.  to move something means to take it from a place it is to a place it is not. if the stone is infinitely large that it takes up thin entire universe, then there is nowhere that this stone is not, and therefore nowhere it can be moved to   moving a big sofa through a small door is possible if you break the doorway wider or you break the sofa down smaller. it is "impractical" if it doesnt seem worth the work just to get the sofa in the room. if getting the sofa in the room is worth the effort, then breaking it apart or knocking the wall out becomes practical. practical is relative  in the case of moving a solid object of volume X in a space of volume X, that is illogical. the only way something can move can move to, then it simply cannot be moved. get it?  again you words slap back on your face why doesn't god expand the universe so that the stone can be moved freely? like widening the doorway?  once he can't lift the stone, he is not omnipotent!
Why should that be a problem? Why should an inability to do the logically impossible be considered some sort of flaw?   making a stone that one cannot lift is not illogical!
...it doesnt require faith to believe a mixture of acid and alkaline will produce a salt, or that a ball will accelerate downward if you drop it. action-consequence relations will remain true regardless. these are PROVEN Tsk, tsk... There are typically exceptions. And this is no exception. Just because you drop a ball does not mean it will accelerate downward. There are many ways in which other forces could be acting on the ball. And gravity, apparently, isn't as straight-forward as it first seems. How about the mixture of acid and alkaline in an environment of various gases other than the usual...  To be a little more precise, we could accurately say this: assuming constant factors in a controlled environment without unusual circumstances or changes, we can assume that a ball dropped will accelerate downward or that mixing acid and alkaline will produce a salt (because our experience tells us to expect this). However, if any of the parameters change, this may not happen.  We can say something similar with the Superbowl example... Assuming constant factors without unusual circumstances, etc., we can assume the Superbowl will happen as planned.  There remains the possibility in both cases for exceptions to the rule.  The perspective from which you are debating this topic depends largely on semantics. You can continue to debate from that position, but in order to do so, I believe it would be helpful to agree upon the definitions of the words you are using. Otherwise, it could go back and forth forever. It is evident that you are not using the same definitions as Kronus, Mach, and Dzeron.
a ball wil ALWAYS accelerate downward when dropped.  Nope.  Consider: You could 'drop' a metal ball in the presence of a powerful magnet. The ball will not accelerate downward, but rather will travel toward the magnet -- even if the magnet is directly above the 'dropped' ball.
wait, you changed the color but you didn't change the font size!!   Get with the program if you are going to cut and paste other's ideas!! :)
lol emoticon_xgood I just hope Sinjin realized I was poking at Richbee and not him. I think Sinjin is one of the more rational people on this board, and one of the more clever posters. (Awww, group hug time!)
If you told me you caught a 5lb. trout in your swimming pool yesterday and it was delicious I might look long and hard into your pool for a long time. That doesn't mean I really expect to see fish.To look long and hard for a long time sounds like fun to me. emoticon_xangel
Please consult your doctor if it persists for more than 4 hours.No way! I'm callin' ALL my girlfriends!  ..to tell 'em ,"The trout is out!"
That reminds me of my brother's favorite pick-up line:  Guy: "Would you like to go out with me / dance with me / sleep with me / etc. ?"  Girl: "No thanks."  Guy: "Tell ya what... you think about me long and hard for awhile, and then make your decision."  Ba-doom-chink! Yes, thank you very much... I'm here all night, folks! :p
The atheist position is more toward what you are calling agnostic...there is no absolute proof that any God does not exist, but we are happy to use the day to day meaning of reality and put it in the box with the 'we are all parts of a big purple duck'. Agnostism is not ready to accept that god does not exist but not ready to worship either - your version of agnostism is a little open (beleiving that everything could be true) compared to the general concept, or at least taking it to the extremes that atheism is (rather than taking the lack of god on faith its more 'assuming this world exists as it appears to then there is no God').  If you are with the Space alien people, then you're atheist - if you actually think that there is a meaningful, reasonable chance that God might exist but are not sure you are agnostic.
So we have, in order of humility:  Agnosticism: Don't know, can't know. But I have my opinion. Note: Many religious people and humanists alike fit into this category.   Theism: Probably can't know, but doesn't realize it. My "heart/soul/essence/whatever" tells me it is truth. Note: Often impossible to reason with. No scientifically measurable way to prove position.  Atheism: Can't know, but thinks and says otherwise. Note: Usually angry. No scientifically measurable way to prove position.You have done a marvelous job knocking down strawmen of your own construction. Having offered a naive and superficial caricature of atheism, agnosticism, and theism, you then imagine a self-serving hierarchy that is, in a word, worthless - all in a silly effort to show yourself most humble. Ironic.
www.dictionary.com What sophistry - perhaps we should drop the university philosophy courses and simply pass out pocket dictionaries. emoticon_rolleyes Oh well, see for example The Atheism Web.   In fact, epistemology is not the same as ontology, and agnosticism and atheism address different domains.
You have done a marvelous job knocking down strawmen of your own construction. Having offered a naive and superficial caricature of atheism, agnosticism, and theism, you then imagine a self-serving hierarchy that is, in a word, worthless - all in a silly effort to show yourself most humble. Ironic.  Given that you're a newbie, I'll offer you a bit of advice: learn to discuss. If you take issue with someone's assertion, feel free to dismantle it. ad hominem attacks impress no one.
Agnosticism and atheism obviously address the same domain. (if they can be said to "address domains" at all). Atheism concerns the existence of God, as does agnosticism, ...Belief and knowledge are not the same thing. There are, in fact, fully agnostic theists (fideism, daoism, many forms of deism, and some forms of buddhism) whose theism is grounded in faith alone. Conversely, it is perfectly consistent for an atheist, grounding her stance in the pervasive successes of methodological naturalism, to acknowledge the inherent unknowability of any purported supernatural realm. So, for example ... In contrasting the Western religions with science, the most important criterion of distinction is that the supernatural or spiritual realm is unknowable ... Given this fiat by the theistic believers, science simply ignores the supernatural as being outside the scope of scientific inquiry. Scientists in effect are saying:You religious believers set up your postulates as truths, and we take you at your word. By definition, you render your beliefs unassailable and unavailable.This attitude is not one of surrender, but simply an expression of the logical impossibility of proving the existence of something about which nothing can possibly be known through scientific investigation.   - Understanding Science: An Introduction to Concepts and Issues by Arthur N. Strahler A thoroughly agnostic atheism is not only coherent but, I would argue, thoroughly sound. Theism: Probably can't know, but doesn't realize it. My "heart/soul/essence/whatever" tells me it is truth. Note: Often impossible to reason with. No scientifically measurable way to prove position.Citing the basic literal definition of words to argue a position concerning the definition of words is almost the exact opposite of sophistry.Perhaps you will post your source for this "basic literal definition" of 'theism'. I suggest that it's little more than petty ad hominem.
In my opinion, nobody has any surefire way of knowing whether or not there is a God. At least theists have the "feeling" thing. (although people of all religions get variations of this feeling, as do cult members, and many psychotics)  So we have, in order of humility:  Agnosticism: Don't know, can't know. But I have my opinion. Note: Many religious people and humanists alike fit into this category.   Theism: Probably can't know, but doesn't realize it. My "heart/soul/essence/whatever" tells me it is truth. Note: Often impossible to reason with. No scientifically measurable way to prove position.  Atheism: Can't know, but thinks and says otherwise. Note: Usually angry. No scientifically measurable way to prove position. why even mention science? nothing concerning one's belief or lack of in God is in any way scientifically measureable. by (popular) definition, science is meaningless where faith is concerned. there is nothing about a faith-based belief that science can verify, particularly since verifying the belief with evidence makes the belief no longer faith-based. "without faith it is impossible to please God." the search for evidence is both pointless and unhealthy for bible-based theists
Can you define meaningful in a universal context? Of course you can't. It's very obviously an entirely subjective idea.  I suppose it can be said, by your definition, that I am effectively an atheist.   Since I can't see any clear line between theism and the purple duck theory and a magical super-being creating the Universe a few thousand years ago, I'll use your scale. Have you one? So far, it seems arbitrary, unless you judge the possibility of such theories holding water by employing democracy (unwise, I think).  The arbitary scale is indeed arbitary but without such a scale everything is meaningless as you end up believing and seeing everything. All it is is just assuming that the universe you live in is real and that things are causing the effects you see.  By meaningful I mean that you beleive it could have an effect on your life (or afterlife).
Given that you're a newbie, I'll offer you a bit of advice: learn to discuss. If you take issue with someone's assertion, feel free to dismantle it. ad hominem attacks impress no one.They impress me actually. trs summed up what was wrong with the OP succinctly with just the right amount of personal attack IMO.
I did not say that atheists were not caring people. I was just trying to show ...  ... Atheists constantly mock, belittle, and ridicule theists and their God as if that validates their nonbelief and is perfectable acceptable to be vile towards other people.This is often called: 'talking out of both sides of your mouth'
Kaill,  Perhaps you could consider that you have a misconception of what atheism actually is. An atheist is literally only a non-thiest.  The prefix "a" means without, thus atheism is without theistic belief.  All agnostics actually technically fall into the category of atheists. There are weak atheists and strong atheists.  Agnostics would fall under the weak atheist category in that they do not profess certain knowledge or belief one way or the other. They only know that they do not believe.  Strong atheists deny the existance of God completely through various arguments and often deny even such a possibility.
The reality is that the default is atheism. You are born an atheist, an ignorant, atheist. One has to receive information about religious mythology in order to start forming a belief about it.  -Mach  Nugget of wisdom alert. emoticon_idea emoticon_xhoho
If you don't have a problem with God always existing, why do you have a problem with our universe always existing (even before the big bang, the universe still existed. It was just a immensly dense neutron star, which favored the big band, which in turn made the neutron star into something more similar to what we see today)?  If you think it's fair to ask, "What's before the Big Bang?" I think it's only fair I get to ask, "What's before God?" Um, I don't know where you got this "neutron star" business for the BB.   It was the universe, not one star.
I believe you mean "Hawking".
please dont tell me jimmyjacks got banned too....  What was he banned for?
That would be futile, I would just get another ISP, and I would use my IP disuse programmes to get back at you, you can't escape free speech these days.  "Free speech" is not the issue. We are all guests here and we are expected to abide by forum rules. No one has a "right" to post here. If, in fact, you've been banned from this forum, the decent and honourable thing to do would be for you to quit posting here. To continue to post here after you've been banned serves only to discredit you.
The bold quotes of yours flow directly after one another, and are completely contradictory.  God didn't need to start.  Everything needs to start from something.That isn't actually what he said. He rejected the idea that something could start from nothing, not that something could be without a beginning.  Obviously it can't be taken to support a Christian God, but the belief in the need for some sort of creator to explain existence isn't that easily rejected.  Duo: you're accusation of 'special pleading' for God isn't really fair, as God is by definition not of the same nature as normal existing objects. God is seen as being beginingless in that he transcends time. If the universe has 'no beginning' in the more literal sense then we run into the problem that this means an infinite amount of time has passed, which is impossible.   Personally, I think that trying to work out the roots of existence from rules within existence is more than likely impossible. There are 'scientific' speculations and 'religious' speculations, but I've never seen anything definitive from either side.
the problem then is, how could the universe begin in the midst of absolutely nothing (no time, no matter, no space, no energy)? what could possibly trigger the universe's beginning? (and then of course, where did these triggering events come from?)  you will end up at negative infinity at some pointI think the currently popular belief is that time itself is limited. Space, time, energy, matter and laws all came into existence together. Of course that's impossible for us to envisage....
obviously. in fact, it sounds like the ultimate cop out. it doesnt even sound like a theory Well it isn't really in the scientific sense as far as I can make out.  Science works (very well) within the grounds of cause and effect and empirical data. So this is outside of science's remit.
Hmmm, God, if there is a God. . . .
Wait! Wait! What is this about the physics of water?  If you fill a container 3/4 full of water and freeze it, the water, of course, expands in freezing--one of the weird faculties of water, but its weight increases?  I'm sorry it's early in the morning and I'm only half-functioning but where can I find out more about the weird and wonderful physics of water?
Reminds me of an old riddle. What weighs more? A pound of lead or a pound of feathers?
OK, Kronus, indulge me. I confess I have an unholy fascination with the physics of water.  Has anyone ever explained why water expands when it becomes a solid, rather than becoming denser, as is the normal case (or so I believe) in physics? What is it about the combo of hydrogen and oxygen in this case that yields a rather unruly entity?
Kronus, thank you for your very patient explanation.  Can one then infer that in all (or, at least, most cases) crystallization results in creating great spaces between molecules?  Sorry to ask some really stupid questions but I am not very well educated in physics. If it happens to be true, space between molecules increases when crystallization occurs, it give me an interesting take on the way the universe is put together. I recommend boning up on string theory, too, because I'll dream up some half-a$$ed theory about crystallization playing a part in strings of molecules or atoms or whatever comprises string theory and--what about the protein spiral (I guess this applies specifically to the DNA molecule)?  And, I guess I should see if there is a science section and if they answer stupid low-level questions like mine.
Kronus, I've gone into Science and asked my stupid questions, but if they bash me for being stupid and are really mean, I'll be back in here to whine.
How about because while many charities have a Christian foundation, not all their contributors or workers will be Christian? Exhibit A: the American Red Cross.
From another thread:   The head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is directing people wanting to contribute to give to the Christian charities above. Again, where are the atheist organizations?  Well, who was the head of FEMA appointed by? A brief googling seems to suggest a Mr. G.W. Bush was responsible, it wouldn't be entirely out of the question for dubya to appoint another member of the Christian right to this permission, who might be keen for Christian charities to be promoted. Other possible reasons are that religion is very strong in the south, and hence religious charities are more likely to have resources in the south, were the problem is.  In any case, the red cross is by far the largest organisation involved, and as has already been estalbished is secular. And as I said before just because the organisations are Christian doesn't necessarily mean that their workers or contributors are.
As you stated above, the majority would be Christians. I can't think of too many philantropic atheists, can you?    Why is it such an issue ?  To me if an organisation is doing some good it doesn't matter if they are Muslim, Hindu, Christian etc.
is it because chritsians beleive in charity and help to the less fortunate? Is that the right answer?
It's as simple as this.  Most charities need organization. Most religious organizations are organized. Most religious organizations are non-profit.  SO most charities are based on or around non-profit organizations, most of which are religious organizations, most of which, in the US, are christian.  But there are Jewish, Muslim, etc. charities, just fewer of them, since there are fewer Jews, Muslims, etc.  It's very simple and it's nothing special to do with Christianity.  Why are most charities in the Middle East Muslim? Because Christians aren't charitable. Make sense?
As you stated above, the majority would be Christians. I can't think of too many philantropic atheists, can you? emoticon_rolleyes   Just one I can think of of the top of my head.  Bill Gates Foundation  Maybe Gates isn't athiest, but he's not Christian.  http://www.jesus-is-savior.com/Believer's%20Corner/meet_a_few_atheists.htm
Teeheehee! :)
Is there a better way to phrase it so you don't go off spitting out invectives yourself? Maybe, "Joe, you know tens of thousands of gay men are dying of AIDS due to homosexual sex. And still a great many of them fail to use condoms even after they've been counseled."   It's really hard getting through to you folks, brummer. How many gay deaths is it going to take before gays start recognizing it's not godly religious beliefs that destroy lives, but the abrogation of those beliefs, including supporting gay sex. Ugh! You don't get it! AIDS is not caused by gay sex. It is what happens after one is infected with HIV. More and more these days the gay community is aware of the risks, and more guys are being careful.  Here, try this out for size. "Tens of thousands of straight men and women are dying of AIDS due to heterosexual sex. And still a great many fail to use condoms after they've been counseled." "It's really hard getting through to you folks, EZ. How many heterosexual deaths is it going to take before hets start recognizing it's not godly religious beliefs that destroy lives, but the abrogation of those beliefs, including supporting heterosexual sex?"
Nooo, I think we should conduct a pole, as cell death would call it, to determine whether or not joe brummer thinks too much. We can't leave it for just monster to decide.
there is once word to tell my opinion.....shutup.
 I know an atheist who is far more logical than anyone else I've heard to date.  Well, one can't be truly logical and not be an atheist (or at least agnostic.) As any religion simply flys in the face of logic. Faith and logic are poles apart.  Keep truckin' Jim! Happy weekend to you bro.
Nice try. But that don't fly. Whereas, athiest do approach death as being much like the same manner of existence as before you were born, I don't think any of them think that gives them the licence to rape, kill, murder or be the next Hitler. The idea that judeo/christian believers have the copyrights to moral living and obediance to societies laws, is a pure and arrogant fallacy.  I am no atheist by any sense of the word, but neither am I a pious or religious person. Fortunantly, I do not require being mandated by some religious law not to kill or steal or whatever. I have common sense and I use it. I suggest to you that if a body of people were on a deserted island with no contact with the outside world or any exposure to any religion whatsoever, they too, would know right from wrong.  Is it your position that if it weren't for religious laws mandating you from stealing and killing, that you would go out and do it? If so, for the sake of everyone, stick with Jesus or Allah, or whatever crutch it is, that is keeping you from going berserk. It could be the tooth fairy. I don't care. Just don't shoot me!  As they say, "Whatever get's you through the night. Is alright."
The two long-winded statements above basically say most people reason qualitatively but not quantitatively, and sometimes not even well qualitatively. It is an unfortunate side-effect of an ineffective educational system, no doubt.
The Greeks gave us logic, not the Christians.  The Greeks gave us sex. The Romans gave us sex with women!emoticon_xhoho
The Greeks gave us sex. The Romans gave us sex with women!emoticon_xhoho  Umm you may want to reeducate yourself on Roman culture...
Umm you may want to reeducate yourself on Roman culture...  Well there were some that took to the Greek cultureemoticon_xhoho
Based on the definitions you gave, they're quite different. Atheism is a matter of personal belief, secularism is a matter of public policy. There's no reason you can't be devoutly religious and a secularist. You would have your religious views, but believe that public policy should not be based on them.
 A devoutly religious person would disagree with all the statements in the Humanist Manifesto that I highlighted. Would they believe that public policy should be based on things that they don't believe?  Yes. I know of no one who agrees with all government policies, or all of the premesis that they're based on. But we do all agree (or at least almost all) that we need some method for forming those policies. Compromises must be made. A religious secularist could believe, for example, that if we allow religious beliefs to dictate policy than it's just a matter of time before general religious freedom is compromised for all but those who follow the religion of the ruling party. Rather than risk that they would think it an acceptable compromise to have some policies that they don't agree with, as long as they don't actively compromise their faith.    A hypothetical - If a public policy was a vote on abortion, and the "devoutly religious" person voted no, and the atheist voted yes, would the secularist, or humanist, be a non vote, a neutral position? There is no neutral position, because the issue would be decided one way or the other, and would effect the society of the secularist the same as it would the other two. It's clear who the secularist would side with. It's not clear to me at all. They might think that the heart of the issue is whether a fetus is a person, and so be fine with 1st trimester abortions, but not 2nd or 3rd. Or they may decide that viability is the issue, and so be fine with abortions late into the 2nd trimester. Or they may think that the potential for life is enough to warrant protection, and so oppose all abortions. It's a complex enough issue that even if you remove "God says" from the debate, the answer isn't obvious.  The point here is that while a secularist believes that "God says" is inadeuqate justification for forming policy, it doesn't mean that those who say "God says" are necessarily wrong. The religious person says "God commands that you do not steal." The atheist and the secularist agree with the not stealing, just for different reasons.
Reaching the unbelievers with the Gospel is responsible, according to God's command in Matthew 28:18-19. And there's nothing bigoted about it.  For your consideration, EZ...  Many Paths  As men approach me, so I receive them. All paths, Arjuna, lead to me. -- Hinduism, Bhagavad Gita 4.11  My Lord, you are one although variously appearing. -- Jainism, Hemachandra   We believe in God, and what has been revealed to us, and what was revealed to Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and in what was given to Moses, Jesus, and the Prophets from their land. We make no distinction between any of them, and to God do we submit. -- Islam, Qur'an 3.84  There are righteous men among the nations who have a share in the world to come. -- Judaism, Tosefta Sanhedrin  And Peter opened his mouth and said, "Truly I believe that God shows no partiality, but in every nation any one who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him. -- Christianity, Acts 10:34-35  Just as the sin-offering atones for Israel, so righteousness atones for the peoples of the world. -- Judaism, Talmud  Tolerance  To be attached to a certain view and to look down upon other views as inferior - this the wise men call a fetter. -- Buddhism, Sutta Nipata  Like the bee, gathering honey from different flowers, the wise man accepts the essence of different scriptures and sees only the good in all religions. -- Hinduism, Srimad Bhagavatam  A man has a faith. If he says "This is my faith", so far he maintains truth. But by that he cannot proceed to the absolute conclusion: "This alone is truth and everything else is false". -- Buddhism, Majjhima Nikaya
Slight change of subject; Assuming you have a reasonably civil relationship with your mother, (You phone once in a blue moon, buy a birthday card if you can remember) you don't usually invite people on the street to send her flowers. Why proseltyse? (don't know if that's spelt right)
IF God really exists what must he/she/it be like? George Burns :)
I like your thinking, although I disagree with it. You say that God is the universe. I propose that God is relational. That without a relational god we are truly hopeless. The problem you are running into is that you are trying to imagine god existing within the framework of creation (universe etc.) and tying his existence to that. NOw I am going to say something that will really not make sense to you. God existed BEFORE time. Chew on that one a bit. Eternality implies an existence outside of time. And in fact, much of science alludes to this possibility. I certainly could never prove it and do not propose to but would like it if you would consider the implications.  As for God communicating to us, there is nothing that prevents that. Especially if you accept the idea that we are imago dei, image bearers of the divine. We are not perfect images but we are rational, emotional, spiritual, beings  EF Can you explain spiritual beings?  I honestly don't know what that means.
It's not the substance of my argument but its spirit that counts.emoticon_xangel   Guffaw.  IF God really exists what must he/she/it be like?   I'm sure God has a huge sense of humor.
As for the rest of you I have a bet.  If I can't guess your weight (lets say to with in an ounce) I will publicly apologize to every religious person I have ever insulted in the forum.  Any takers?  Go ahead, I bet you'll never guess.  I don't recall you ever insulting anyone, however.
Perhaps it was in another life...  Your weight is zero.  Your weight immediately before your death will be the same as it is immediately after, but YOU will no longer be there.  You are weightless.  That's exactly correct! How did you know? I used to weigh a few milligrams more, but I have been watching my weight. Now I'm down to a very svelte zero - can't wait to sport those Speedos this summer!  I guess you don't need to make any public apologies now.
Anyone else got more than a trite one-liner on their idea of God (or whatever you think he/she/it is)?  Actually, my idea of "god" is eerily similar to yours.  The entire natural world around me, aka the universe, is to my mind "god". Everything around us, and everything that we are, comes from this physical world, and the complexity and beauty of it are never less than astounding.  You pose some intersting ideas here. Given all of it, then the question I run into, is "what is my purpose". The idea that I am simply an accidental collection of particles provides meaninglessness to life and thereby leads to hopelessness. To state that there is a purpose to life implies that there is something that exists beyond myself that gives purpose.  I will never understand this line of thinking. Concluding that life is meaningless and hopeless because it is not created or guided by a supernatural being is completely illogical to my mind. IMHO, "what is my purpose?" is a false question.   Firstly, why does one's life require a purpose? Cannot simply living and enjoying every moment of being alive be reason enough? Do you live your life for an end goal (God), or for the enjoyment of living and the people and the world around you? To reword the old saying, is life about the destination, or the journey?  Secondly, why does life being "random particles" prevent a person from having a purpose? Your purpose is whatever you would like it to be. Ultimately, our purpose is to perpetuate life and the species, hopefully making the natural world in which we live a better place along the way.  Why does "random particles" make life meaningless? Given Liminus', and my, interpretation of "god", we as humans are part of an amazing natural world, a random (semi-random) mix of particles that have come together to give us life and the gift of the world around us. That's not meaningless, it's incredible. We're part of an unimaginably old and incredibly complex chain of reactions, and those reactions of which we were briefly a part of, will continue to go on for eons. You and I are part of that natural world.   IMHO, if you believe life is meaningless and hopeless, it is a conscious choice, and the problem lies within you, not in the need for a supernatural God. There's a world around you full of hope, and full of the need to have people contribute to it, you only have to choose to do so, for your own sake. No outside motivation should be required.  Waxy
I think the point I was trying to make is that all humans long to be a part of something greater than themselves. It is what I was trying to communicate with why we tell stories. Why do some aspire to greater things than others? Why do we even contemplate the spiritual at all. Why are we emotional, why do we need love, why do we need other people. There are many many questions that compose the purpose question.  Simple answer - because we have evolved a conscious mind that greatly increases our chance of survival.   Many of the qualities you list are not unique to humans, they are common in the natural world. Why do wolves travel in packs? Why so some wolves aspire to be the alpha male, while others are content with subservient roles?   Emotions, love, the need for others, even the spiritual, are all evolved conscious mechanisms by which humans greatly increase their strength and chance of survival as a species. I don't view them as being separate or distinct from simple functions like eating and sleeping.   Te purpose of all of these things is simple, to survive and perpetuate the species.  Even you cannot get away from it. You say you don't need a God but you still indicate that purpose comes from inside yourself, your choice, you admit the need for purpose.  I don't admit the need for a purpose, especially an "ultimate" or "universal" purpose. Living to enjoy life is all that's required. Enjoying life often means having some goals, a job, your family, etc... If that is what you consider a "purpose", then I guess I would agree that we often need a puprose.  Purpose is an abstract human construct, it's certainly not required to live.   Why does it need to be external is your real question. I submit, that the idea that we live 80 years within this current cosmic reality and that everything then just stops, lends itself to a lack of purpose.  Perhaps it is. On an individual level moreso than on a large scale or species level. I question the need for an individual to look beyond themselves and the world around them to provide meaning to their lives. Why is the supernatural better than the natural?  Why though? I laid out the ground work of why I believe your assertion is false, but you haven't provided any support for it.  Also you did not address the issue of depression. Check the statistics from NIMH and you will see that the number one and two reasons for it are a lack of purpose and lack of control. Control just adds to the debate. We don't need to control if we feel that our need for purpose is being met.  The APA has a great article on this. I was trying to paste the link but having a devil of a time with my computer. I will try to post again later.  I know very little about depression. I'm not one to sit around and feel sorry for myself. I've known very few people in my life that I would consider depressed, and those that are tend to annoy me, I have little time for them. The world is what you make it.  IMHO, depression is either a chemical imbalance, or is a conscious choice, a state of mind that can be overcome.  If people are depressed because they don't have a purpose, then they should simply look at the world around them and realize what they're missing, what they're a part of, and what they could be doing. Same thing goes for control, it's a matter of your chosen perception. If you don't feel you have control, step up and take control.  At any rate, I'm not sure what the point of the depression discussion is to be quite honest.   Waxy
Those are all good answers and distinct possibilities. However, they are as unprovable as my options. I think there is evidence to support your position. However, I would say there is evidence to support mine. The gist of the question is not whether or not god exists. But rather, IF he does then what must he be like. Speculate that God does exist and answer as if he does. Then what must he be like based on your experience.  EF  You lost me here EF.  I don't want to make assumptions, so perhaps you can clarify. I'm not sure what is unprovable on my part, and I'm not exactly clear on your position and what evidence there is to support it.  I'm disappointed that you didn't provide any evidence or support for your assertion that "the idea that we live 80 years within this current cosmic reality and that everything then just stops, lends itself to a lack of purpose."   I have speculated that "god" exists, it's everything around me, the natural world. Based on my experience the world can be profoundly beautiful and it can be very ugly. Ultimately, you and I are only minute pieces of the puzzle, a blink of the eye. It's up to us what we get out of life, and you get out what you put in.  Waxy
Terribly sorry for losing you and not responding with the appropriate analysis to support my statement on 80 years etc. Let me see if I can do better.  The part that is unprovable was:  Aspiration attributed to an animal is a stretch but not really what I want to argue.  I concur regarding giving humans thoughts and emotions to animals, but at some biological level, the desision is made regarding whether that animal will challenge for dominance or remain subservient. IMHO, that is not debatable, it's fact, observed repeatedly in nature and in captivity.  The evolution of a concious mind is not provable. One can assume evolution of a concious mind but to do so requires a leap of faith. It is not an observable phenomenon. It requires that you believe evolution occured. It also requires the assumption that there is not a "personal" God and the assumption that if God exists then He is completely uninvolved. There could be evidence to that degree, but there is evidence that God is involved. We could debate which evidence is better but it is debatable at best.  It requires that you accept the best (most supported) and least complicated possible answer to the question, evolution. I will agree that it can't be proven - given our current level of understanding.  The "assumption" that there is not in fact a personal "god" is not an assumption at all, it's a logical starting point.  Introducing a personal god and putting him in control is where assumptions begin and logic ends. It's a simple matter of Occam's Razor and the scientific method. Neither requires faith, only logic and intelligence (not meant as a insult, only in that one must be able to understand the science and logic in order for it to be of value).  There have been countless threads on this, and to my knowledge, there has not been any proof or evidence put forward as yet as to god's involvement. I'll leave that door open to you should you decide to attempt to supply it.   IMHO, there is no real debate here. The facts speak for themselves.  The idea you state of an impersonal universe and of evolution both support a beginning and and end to a single life. Evolution does not support life beyond death. It in fact contradicts it. Evolution comes from the assumption that things end. To better explain, assume that there is life after death, then how does that impact the "survival" idea. If all animals live beyond death then the need for individual survival falls off and even the need for societal survival falls away. It is not needed as a motivator as we will go on forever.  Survival as a motivator only allows me to do what is in my best interests. Even survival of a society only allows me to do what is best for my society and actually encourages warfare so that one society may dominate by being the fittest (so to speak). Knowing that we go on after death actually means that I don't have to work so hard at caring for myself and am instead free to care for others.  Does this make more sense?  Honestly? No. Not to me anyway.  I don't know many people who don't bother with trying to survive in this life because they believe in an afterlife where they will go on forever. I would fear for any person such as that's mental health.  Putting off today in favour of tomorrow will never make sense to me. Even if I had a second life, I'd prefer to live them one at a time, and each to its fullest.  I disagree with your assumptions regarding survival and warfare. Constant warring is not the means by which to best ensure our survival, it's an intentional misrepesentation often chosen to bolster the case for "god" over evolution.  As for having more time to care for others - If what you have left, your mark on the world, is what you leave behind, then caring for others and the world around you is of the utmost importance, but you have to survive in order to do so. Selfishness in not inherent in the need or desire to survive.  I'm not sure where else to go with this, IMHO, your premise is artificial. You also haven't really clarified why life is meaningless and hopeless without God, you've only presented the notion that you have more "free time" to worry about others if you have an afterlife in place. That may or may not be true, depending on the particular circumstances, but for the most part, I believe it's a false premise.  It would seem to me that our debate boils down to a very simple premise - the natural world around us vs. the supernatural. Everyone is free to make their choice as to where they get their answers. I've made mine based on which choice I felt was the best supported and most logical, but at the same time, I can respect those who've chosen differently. Whatever works best for them is the choice they should make.  Waxy
You must have missed a logic class. A logical starting point is called "assumption" another item used is "given". That is how one starts a logical process.  Given that evolution is true then.... Given that God exists then...  Maybe I was sleeping that day. I missed your specific definition of assumption. I was working on a slightly different definition.  There is no evidence of God, therefore any mention of his existence is an assumption.  There is plenty of evidence that the physical world around us exists, so no assumption is needed to work from that basis.  I understand the point you're making, that we don't have all the answers regarding cosmic science, abiogenesis, etc..., we can only theorize and attempt to test and verify the theory. However, that simply means we don't have the answers, it's doesn't mean the answers don't exist, or must come from the supernatural.  You're appealing to the "God of the gaps" as evidence for your position.  Evolution does not address the origins of the universe. It only addresses mans origins. God addresses both.  No, numerous other areas of science deal with the origin of the universe.  Evolution addresses the changes in life over time, abiogenesis addresses the origin of life.  The boogeyman addresses both too, the problem is, there's is no way to test the validity of either entity, and therefore no logical reason to conclude that they did have an impact, even if it can't be proven that they didn't.  Agreed that it is at our current level of understanding. However, you then have to assume that a new level of understanding will lead us to a conclusion that GOd did not exist.  You can never prove that God does not exist, I didn't miss that logic class. ;)   It's simply a non-issue as far as science is concerned. Science does not deal with the supernatural.  What you describe is not observable. Period. What I describe is not observable. Period. They both require some level of faith in our assumptions.  What is observable and what isn't observable? I'm lost again.  I also have a feeling that this is quickly boiling down to another debate on the definition of faith.  The question I ask for sake of a logical discussion is  Given: God exists Then: What must GOd be like.  You, from what I read, have determined that God is impersonal and natural. Is that accurate. I have determined based on evidence such as the physical differences in the universe in its very beginning with now (density of matter, speed of light, etc.) that there was no universe to begin with. That time and matter were created. Evolution cannot answer that item, it does not even address it.  EF  Yes, it is. God to me is not a conscious being, and certainly not relational.  I'm unfamiliar with your assertions regarding density and the speed of light, and their relationship to the universe being created. You obviously put a fair bit of stock in this, as it apparently forms the basis for your belief in God. Do you have a link to the info?  I've laid out my thoughts, I figure it's time for you to lay out yours. So far I have down that you believe God is a relational entity without which life would be hopeless.  I think I've successfully challenged the notion that life without God is hopeless, at least I assume so from your lack a response on the subject, so the question is, how do you envision God?  Waxy
Ahhhhh Very good argumentation. There is a great deal of evidence for the existence of God. I am not sure that I would characterize it as scientific, but evidence nonetheless. Certainly documentary evidence and writings concerning God go back a long way. The fact that we actually create is evidence for a creator. There are certain miraculous events which cannot be explained by science or can only be speculated upon by science. The raising of the dead, healing of the terminally ill through prayer (I have witnessed this thing on one occasion without any oddball televangists involved) amongst others. While I will admit there are things there we do not understand, they are still EVIDENCE. It does not mean that there are not other possible explanations but they still support the existence of God.  Sorry EF, I was out of town.  First off - I agree that everything (well almost everything), you've presented can be considered evidence. The question is, is it GOOD evidence? Is it observable, reliable, testable, repeatable, etc...?  Documentary evidence and writings are your best evidence, and as I'm sure you know, they don't form the strongest basis.   The fact that we create is in no way evidence of a creator. That's false logic.  I'm not aware of any documented and scientifically verified cases of anyone being raised from the dead.  "Miracles" most often have explanations, where we have no explanation, God can be inserted, but so can anything, including simply, "I don't know".  Healing of the terminally ill through prayer is pretty much a dead end street. I think that's been proven in this thread.  I don't doubt the "power of prayer" has some positive influence on those that are ill, however, the fact that the prayer is to the Christian God is irrelevent. Prayer means the presence of loved ones and a positive atmosphere, IMHO, that affects the mental state of the patient, and that in turn can help in overcoming illness.   All of this "evidence" is indeterminate in nature, it could support the existance of God, but it could also support the existance of Thor or the boogeyman.   Alternatively, it could simply be that we don't as yet know the answers, and it isn't evidence of anything.  As to my understanding of God. He is relational. He is Love, He is omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent. He is creator, judge, savior, king, prince of peace, wonderful counselor, a strong fortress. He is the beginning and the end, He was before time and will be after time, he brought all things into existence, He defines Good, He is good, he is the lover of my soul. He is my caretaker, my hope and my portion. He is the best thing that ever happened to me.  Interesting.  I have no real objections to your definition, obviously I disagree, but as you've defined god, I can understand the attraction. I think it's a pretty standard definition of God for all put those of the extremes (your EZs).   Irregardless of the omniscience and omnipotence, and the "power" associated with him in your definition, god would make a good parent, sibling or wife.  I do not base my belief in him on something such as the origins of the universe. My belilef is based on the fact that I have tried out what is said to be true about him and found it perfectly sound. I have never been let down by Him and while I cannot always see what He is doing, I am sure that He is involved and has my back.  That is what I believe.  My question then is simple - if that is the case, when why attempt to justify his existence using science, or more specifically logic? Why is faith in god as you've defined him not enough to satisfy you?  Waxy
Lastly, you avoid the actual argument and once again go down a rabbit trail. I made it very clear that what I posted was not proof. It was evidence. Yes there are studies that show the opposite. However, there are 1200 studies summarized by this one professor (and there are many others given the 1200 studies) which clearly show a link. They are double blind, peer reviewed, statistically analyzed using z scores, a two tailed ANOVA, etc.   Once again I am not saying there is proof only evidence. Just because there is evidence to the contrary does not mean that my evidence does not exist.  Please pay attention to the argument.  I agree with you EF, I think trebor has strayed off the track.  It does not mean your evidence does not exist, it does mean that your evidence may not be reliable, or that it may be of questionable value.  I believe that is the point trebor is trying to make.  To put it another way, you're trying to buy a $1 item with $.01. Sure, you've got a penny, no one is denying that, the problem is, the proof costs a dollar.  Waxy
As to the documentary evidence: I would say that my point is that it is as good of evidence as any other document considered historically reliable. For example, consider the new testament. The originals (which we do not have) were written in greek between roughtly 50 and 100 AD. While we do not have the originals there are 5000 manuscripts available with approximately 25000 copies available. Some dating back to as early as 120AD by scientific dating methods.  In comparison for Plato's manuscripts there are only 7 copies in existence and the earliest manuscript is over 1300 years after the fact of the writing. Yet these are absolutely considered to be authored by plato and to be good copies of what he actually wrote.  Norman Geisler makes several key observations for our consideration:  No other book is even a close second to the Bible on either the number or early dating of the copies. The average secular work from antiquity survives on only a handful of manuscripts; the New Testament boasts thousands.  The average gap between the original composition and the earliest copy is over 1,000 years for other books.  The New Testament, however, has a fragment within one generation from its original composition, whole books within about 100 years from the time of the autograph [original manuscript], most of the New Testament in less than 200 years, and the entire New Testament within 250 years from the date of its completion.  The degree of accuracy of the copies is greater for the New Testament than for other books that can be compared. Most books do not survive with enough manuscripts that make comparison possible.  I have no real argument with the above, it's not worth debating the minor details. There's no question that the Bible has been well preserved. The problem is, it's inconsequential to the real issue at hand. It's the best of bad evidence.  Without some way of verifying the text(s), then the Bible is no greater proof of God than Harry Potter books are proof of Harry Potter and witches. I know I'm not telling you anything you don't already know.  Ultimately, the Bible, and God, cannot be proof of God. It's circular reasoning and a logical fallacy.  As to the argument I raised concerning prayer and miracles, I will concede that portion. NOt that I think your correct, simply that I cannot prove it and the evidence for it has alternate explanations. It was a poorly constructed argument on my part with little actual research done. I will do more and if I find something better then I will post.  That's a difficult task. I'm not sure your research will ever turn up what your looking for.  As to your last question: "My question then is simple - if that is the case, when why attempt to justify his existence using science, or more specifically logic? Why is faith in god as you've defined him not enough to satisfy you?"  It is plenty to satisfy me. However, it is not enough to satisfy you and others. My hope is to make you question and think. I also hope to learn more about my own faith and beliefs as you question me. It is good for me. I share it with others BECAUSE it has been good for me. I only wish such goodness for others as well.  EF  You do make me think, far more than most on the board, especially in the religious section, dominated by the likes of EZ et al.   I do absorb the info in these religious discussions, and occassionaly it is challenging, however, far more often than not, the information I'm presented on the side of religion only reinforces my existing beliefs.   I believe we've talked about this before. About the desire of those who believe to somehow justify their beliefs or put them on a concrete, physical footing. Personally, I don't understand it. The choice has been made to have faith in God, something that can never be physical or concrete, at that point, the rest should be irrelevent.  Waxy
Quite correct as far as proof goes. I disagree on the "best of bad" evidence. The evidence is equal in quality to what we already accept of secular documentation. It is even far better. Why then is it acceptable to say that "the bible is unreliable" or "invalid" and then also say that the works of Plato or aristotle are valid and reliable. Which is what happens from most atheists on this board as far as I can see.   Additionally there is plenty of archaelogical evidence of many events in the bible. I believe there was astronomical evidence of an eclipse as described in the bible. There has been discovered a marker with the name Pontius Pilate within the last 20 years I think. There is corroborating evidence as well.   The only real point I make, and I think you actually agree, is that to use one set of documents in an argument and then argue that the other set is unreliable or invalid when it has a greater probability of reliability and validity is simply poppycock.  I do agree, in as much as the Bible can be proven historically accurate, it should be accepted as such.  The difference EF, is that Plato and Aristotle are not used as proof of a supernatural being, global floods, and miracles. Those documents are also not claimed to be perfect and divinely inspired.  They are simply different levels of "validity".   There is also plenty of archeological, geological, etc evidence that contradicts the Bible as well.  Thanks for the discourse.  Thanks to you as well.  Waxy
Actually, you are correct at least to a degree. I would say that what the numbers show is that the people who wrote what is in the new testament believed what they were writing to be true. I would agree that it does not necessarily prove it to be true. Do any of you, trebor, waxy, sinjin, et al, agree?  EF  I don't necessarily agree.  If you're trying to win over converts and increase your strength, the truth of what you're selling, and your belief in that truth, isn't always the most important factor. The world is full of such examples.  They obviously thought it important, and had a strong desire to preserve and preach it, but whether or not they believed it to be completely true, that's another story. Many likely did, as many believe so today, others likely did not, and manipulated it for their gain, or the gain of "the church", as many do today.  Waxy
I've enjoyed this exchange.  It's like a lesson in practical logic. Well done by all. However, I agree that there is no progress being made at this point.   EF - I think the point has been made pretty darn clearly, I have no idea how to present it to you in a different/better manner. I understand your position, and I think the others do as well, but it's been proven wrong IMHO, rather comprehensively. It is of course your perogative as to how to deal with the info you've been given.  Waxy
That is very sexist. It is sad that you are ashamed of being male.
Women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries. I've just gotten tired of it--and righteously so.  Actually I'm so sure of my manhood that even though I knew that charge would be levelled against me I still posted anyway.   Anyway if you feel that men need to be degraded to make up for past actions to women you have gone from "righteous" to bitter.
Women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries. I've just gotten tired of it--and righteously so.Did you think we'd all catch your deliberate misuse of words or are you a blonde?  ...can't be both!  Both men and women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries...men are just better at denigrating and making fun.  I think the Cherokee Indians had the right idea.emoticon_xgood
I do and have, but it's usually lost on the spiritually challenged.Most of your venom is accompanied by OT and "Letters" references.
Well, I could start by counting the number of female priests in your church. Wouldn't take long, would it?  ROFL! That was the greatest comeback I've ever seen here! And it's totally true.
Translation =   Yeah you go girl...whahoo, power to the woman! Maybe we can meet up later tonight and have some fun...I have a great selection of strap-ons...     Uhhmm, ookay?emoticon_wow emoticon_confused While I do happen to be a woman, that would hardly be a thing someone would say to a person with the screenname of johnhanks. It would also be a rather odd thing to say about someone for a comment they made.
It does seem that the only group you're allowed to laugh at in our overly PC society (in the UK at least) is the white male. This worries me slightly because those who get insecure about this sort of thing, can be tempted to move towards far right activism.  I don't personally think that sexism is a thing that should be condoned or endorsed, but I do find that some people have become sensative to the point of stupidity. I laugh at jokes about overweight football supporters (which I am), as much as I laugh at blonde jokes, or jokes about Englishmen, or anyone else. I don't think there is a problem with joking like that, as long as that's all it is. The moment people seriously believe that one sex is inferior, then trouble arrives.  How do you confuse an Englishman?  Put three spades against a wall, and tell him to take his pick... :)
I am seriously offended by that joke, you'll be hearing from my attorney!  Very true (only us pushover white men can get poked fun at). I get carried away sometimes, but only because I can't stand people getting so uptight about so called "sexist" issues...I love to wind people up you see, and woman are the best for that (hehe).  Ps, I've had many a wallop over the head from my fiance's handbag as a result of some of the posts I've made here LOLOne should never tell an Englishman a joke on Saturday night...eel be loffing 'bout titin church un Soonday!
Where is Maximus to defend the Roman Catholic Church?  Damn it, Maximus, you know I hate it when I have to defend the Roman Catholic Church!
Are you talking about the Canon or when they were actually written? Even many liberal theologians concede a first century date for the majority of the NT. Here's some scholarly opinions on when it was actually written:  Scholars Date New Testament  http://www.errantskeptics.org/DatingNT.htm  Matthew  Larry Chouinard, Ph.D. Likely after AD 70 W.D. Davies, D.D. AD 80 to 100 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably between AD 60 or 65 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80  Davies Professor of New Testament and Biblical Greek at Duke University David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 50 to 55, yet 40 to 60 is possible. Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 75 to 80 Professor of New Testament at The Catholic University of America, Past President of the Society of Biblical Literature Chair of the Synoptic Studies Division of SBL. Author of the 2 Volume Commentary on Luke in the Anchor Bible Series. A well-known and leading Critical Scholar in New Testament Origins Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. prior to AD 63, yet 50 to 64 is reasonable. President, formerly Vice-Principal and Lecturer in New Testament,  The London Bible College Donald A. Hagner, Ph.D. pre AD 70 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 63-66 Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85  Professor of New Testament at Drew University Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 70's , although this date is not certain. Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 80 to 100  Late Professor of New Testament at Marburg, Germany  Bruce Metzger, Ph.D AD 75 to 85  Professor of New Testament at Princeton University  Chair of the Editorial Board for the UBS and Nestle-Aland Greek New Testament. Senior Editor for the New Testament of the NRSV Translation Team. (Considered THE Dean of Textual-Critical studies today [since Aland's death])  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62  Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80  Professor of New Testament and Christian Origins, Duke University (Neither Mark, Matthew, or Luke show ANY sign of knowing of ANY of the events following 90 AD, hence they were written before 90.) Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Prior to the mid 60s Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80 Retired Professor of Greek and New Testament, Cambridge University Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 80  Professor of New Testament and Christian Origins, Southern Methodist University (Dr. Tyson is one of THE leading scholars in Luke-Acts, and is Chair of the Luke-Acts Division of the Society of Biblical Literature)  J. Wenham, Ph.D. AD 40  Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80 Professor of New Testament at The Episcopal Theological Seminary  G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), sometime after Mark which is dated the MIDDLE of AD 70 to 135 in Did Jesus Exist?, 1986 G. A. Wells, after AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, p. 11  G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. AD 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71  Mark  Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 65 to 68 Allan Black, Ph.D. early AD 60's Raymond E. Brown, Ph.D. AD 60 to 75, most likely between AD 68 & 73 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably about AD 63 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 65 to 70 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 66 or 67 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 60 to 70 Robert A. Guelich, Ph.D. AD 67 to 70 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 40 to 65, with the earlier date favored. Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 70 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 64 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 70 William L. Lane, Th.D. AD 60 to 70 Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 65 to 75  M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 68 N. Perrin, Ph.D. after AD 64/65 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62 Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 65 to 70 Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Before AD 62 Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany  Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 60 to 70 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 70 AD J. Wenham, Ph.D. AD 45 Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 65 to 70 G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), the MIDDLE of AD 70 to 135 in Did Jesus Exist?, 1986 G. A. Wells, about AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, pp. 11 & 107 G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. A.D. 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71. G. A .Wells, not earlier than AD 90 in The Jesus Myth 1999, p. 17  Luke  Mark C. Black, Ph.D. AD 65 to 85 Believer's Study Bible, A date of A.D. 59-61 is most probable. Hans Conzelmann, Th.D. AD 80 - 100 for Luke-Acts, with a likely range of AD 80 - 90 Professor of New Testament at Gottingem, ThD from Tubingen (Yet again, the recognized HEIGHT of European liberal Bibliccal-Critical Scholarship) Author of one of THE BEST Critical, Academic Commentaries on Acts. M. G. Easton M. A., D. D., AD 60 or 63, when Luke was in Caesarea James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 75 to 80 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. Before AD 62, perhaps between 58 and 60 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 Norval Geldenhuys, Th.M. AD 64-65  Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. AD 62 to 64 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 61-63 John Holland, Ph.D. AD 68-78 Professor of New Testament at Trinity College, Bristol England Luke Timothy Johnson, Ph.D. AD 80 - 85 for Luke (perhaps a bit earlier ...  he hedges toward 75 CE at times) - Professor of New Testament at Emory  University, Candler School of Theology Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 85 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 70 to 90 Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D. After AD 66, but before 70 I. Howard Marsall, Not far off A.D. 70 Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 53 John Nolland, Ph.D. late AD 60's to late 70's J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62  Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85 Edward Schweizer, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85  Professor of New Testament at the University of Zurich (Again, about as  Critical and liberal as they come) Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Prior to AD 62 Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany  Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 75 to 80 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), after AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, p. 11  G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. AD 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71.  John  W.F. Albright, Ph.D. late AD 70's or early 80's, not after 90 George R. Beasley-Murray, Ph.D. AD 80 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80 to 95 Raymond Brown, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85, re-edited 85 to 95 Beauford H. Bryant, Ph.D. AD 85 to 95 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D., About AD 90 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 90 to 95  David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 90 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 90 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 80 to 98 B.P.W. Stather Hunt, Ph.D. pre. AD 70 Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 90 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. mid AD 90's Mark S. Krause, Ph.D. AD 85-95 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 90's Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D. between AD 75 and 100, probably 80 or 85 Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 90 Leon Morris, Ph.D. pre AD 70's J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 65  Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 85 Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Prior to 70 AD Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany  Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 95 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 90 to 95 Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 90 G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), after AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, p. 11  G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. AD 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71.  Acts  Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 63  F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. It is difficult to fix the date of the composition of Acts more precisely than at some point within the Flavian period (AD 69-96), possibly about the middle of the period.  M. G. Easton M. A., D. D., AD 63 or 64 Joseph S. Exell, Ph.D. AD 63 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. Between AD 62 to 64 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 85 Dennis Gaertner, Ph.D. AD 63 Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. Between AD 62 to 64 John Holland, Ph.D. AD 68 to 78 Luke Timothy Johnson, Ph.D. AD 85 Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 85 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 70's Simon J. Kistemaker, Ph.D. prior to AD July 19, 64 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 William J. Larkin, Jr., Ph.D. early AD 60's Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 85 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. Acts 28:30 requires that we date the writing of this book in ad 62, a time when Nero was Emperor, and before the first Roman persecution of Christians was mounted. J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62  Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85 Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 95 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 Edward Schweizer, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85  Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 Romans C.K. Barrett, Ph.D. A.D. 55 Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 59 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 57 Jack Cottrell, Ph.D. early AD 56, 57, or 58 James D. G. Dunn, Ph.D. most probably AD late 55/early 56, or late 56/early 57 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 57 or 58 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 56 Robert Haldane, AD 58 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 57 or 58 Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D.. AD 58 J.B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. AD 58  M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 57 Douglas J. Moo, Ph.D. AD 57 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 57 1st Corinthians Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 58 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 56-57 Linda L. Belleville, Ph.D. Spring AD 54 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably AD 57 Gordon D. Fee, Ph.D. AD 54 to 55 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 54 Charles Hodge, Ph.D. AD 57 The most influential American Presbyterian theologian of the nineteenth century. He was professor of exegetical and didactic theology at Princeton. Simon J. Kistemaker, Ph.D. AD 55 Ralph R. Martin, Ph.D. AD 54 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 56 Richard E. Oster, Ph.D. AD 55 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 55 2nd Corinthians William R. Baker, Ph.D. probably AD 56 Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 58 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 56-57 Linda L. Belleville, Ph.D. late 55 AD or Fall 56 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Early AD 58 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 55 Charles Hodge, Ph.D. AD 57 Phillip Edgcumbe Hughes, Autumn AD 57 Simon J. Kistemaker, Ph.D. AD 56 Ralph R. Martin, Ph.D. Spring 55 AD 2 Cor. 1:15  Summer 55 AD 2 Cor. 2:4, 7:8 Fall 55 AD 2 Cor. 1-9 56 AD 2 Cor. 10-13 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 57 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 56 Galatians  Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. AD 57 Kenneth L. Boles, M.A. AD 50 or later  M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 57 or 58 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 48  Ronald Y.K. Fung, Ph.D. after AD 48 G. Walter Hansen, Ph.D. between AD 54 and 56 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. middle of AD 50-53 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. late AD 50's J. B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. AD 56 to 57 Richard N. Longenecker, Ph.D. AD 49 or earlier Daniel B. Wallace, Ph.D. late summer/fall of 48 CE (or 49 CE) Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? early 49 Ephesians Believer's Study Bible, A.D.60-63 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably in Spring of AD 57 or 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62  William Hendriksen, Ph.D. A.D. 61-63 perhaps in the middle of this period  Charles Hodge, Ph.D. AD 61-62 Walter L. Liefield, around AD 60 Andrew T. Lincoln, Ph.D. between AD 80 and 90  John F. MacArthur, between AD 60-62 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 62 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Caesarea AD 57-59, Acts 23-26 Philippians Anthony L. Ash, Ph.D. early AD 60's Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 63 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 60-63 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Early AD 62 or in the end of 61 Gordon D. Fee, Ph.D. AD 60 to 62, probably closer to 62 than to 60 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62 Edgar Goodspeed, about A.D. 59, or 59 and 60  Gerald F. Hawthorne, Ph.D. about AD 59-61 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. A.D. 61-63 perhaps in the middle of this period  M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 62 Peter T. O'Brien, Ph.D. AD 60-62  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Daniel B, Wallace, Ph.D. 61 CE seems most reasonable Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Rome AD 60-62, Acts 28 Colossians Anthony L. Ash, Ph.D. early AD 60's Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 60-63 Kenneth L. Boles, M.A. AD 62 F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. about AD 60 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Spring of AD 57, or as some think AD 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. middle A.D. 61-63 at least before Philippians J.B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. about AD 63 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 61 Peter T. O'Brien, Ph.D. AD 60-61 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Probably written during the latter imprisonment 1st Thessalonians Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 51-52  F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. AD 50 or less probably 51 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably about the end of AD 52 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 50-52 Edgar Goodspeed, Spring AD 50 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 50 M.S. Mills, AD 51 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 50 Daniel B. Wallace, Ph.D. Spring 50 CE John A. Weatherly Ph.D., AD 50-51 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 50 2nd Thessalonians Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 51-52  F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. AD 50 or 51 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 52 or 53 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 50-52 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 50 M.S. Mills, AD 51 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 51 John A. Weatherly Ph.D., AD 50-51 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 51 1st Timothy Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 62-66, probably shortly after A.D. 63 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 66 or 67 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 62-65 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 62-64 John MacArthur, AD 63-64 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 66 C. Michael Moss, Ph.D. AD 63-66  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Autumn AD 55 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? AD 65 2nd Timothy Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 66-67 is likely M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 67 or 68 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 65 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 62-64 John MacArthur, AD 66 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 67 C. Michael Moss, Ph.D. AD 66-67  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Autumn AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? AD 65 Titus Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 62-66  M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 66 or 67 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 62-65 John MacArthur, AD 63-64 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 66 C. Michael Moss, Ph.D. AD mid 60's J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Spring AD 57 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? AD 65 Philemon Anthony L. Ash, Ph.D. early AD 60's Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 60-63 Kenneth L. Boles, M.A. AD 62 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Spring of AD 57, or as some think AD 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. A.D. 61-63 perhaps in the middle of this period  J.B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. about AD 63 M.S. Mills, Circa AD 61 Peter T. O'Brien, Ph.D. AD 60-61 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Probably written during the latter imprisonment Hebrews  Harold W. Attridge, The Anchor Bible Dictionary, a general time frame, from 60 to 90 c.e.  William Barclay, Ph.D. AD 64 to 85 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 65 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. During the final 2 years of Paul's imprisonment, and prior to AD 70 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. certainly before AD 70 and possibly around AD 64 Jim Girdwood, Ph.D. & Peter Verker, Ph.D. AD 64 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. before AD 70 William L. Lane, Ph.D. AD 64 to June 68 John MacArthur, Ph.D. AD 67 to 69, and close to AD 70, perhaps as early as 65 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 68 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 67  Ray C. Stedman, probably D 67 or 68 James J. Adamson, AD 40-62 B.W. Bacon, AD 70-130 W.H. Bennett, AD 51-62 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 48-50 F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. AD 51-62 R. Bultmann, AD 70-130 J. Chaine, AD 51-62 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably about AD 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. late AD 50's, perhaps as late as 61 E.J. Goodspeed, AD 70-130 Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. AD 40-50 F. Hauck, AD 70-130 Gary Holloway, Ph.D. between AD 40 and 62 F.J.A. Hort, AD 51-62 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. on or before AD 62 G. Kittel, AD 40-50 R.J. Knowling, AD 40-50 John MacArthur, between AD 44 and 49 J. Marty, AD 70-130 J.B. Mayor, AD 40-50 A.H. McNeile, AD 70-130 J. Michl, AD 40-62 M.S. Mills, around AD 49 C.L. Mitton, AD 51-62 J. Moffat, AD 70-130 J.H. Moulton, AD 40-62 F. Mussner, AD 40-62 R.St.J. Parry, AD 51-62 G.H. Rendall, AD 40-50 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 48 J.H. Ropes, AD 70-130 A. Ross, AD 40-50 A. Schlatter, AD 40-62 H.-J. Schoeps, AD 70-130 E.M. Sidebottom, AD 51-62 B.S. Streeter, AD 70-130 George M. Stulac, Ph.D. earlier than 50 AD R.V.G. Tasker, AD 51-62 W.W. Wessel, AD 40-50 H. Windisch, AD 70-130 F. Young, AD 70-130 T. Zahn, AD 40-50 1st Peter Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 63-64 Allen Black, Ph.D. no later than AD 68 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 65 J. Ramsey Michaels, Ph.D. AD 64 M.S. Mills, circa. AD 62 AD 54-64, with a later date being more likely J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Spring AD 65 2nd Peter Richard J. Bauckham, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 65-66 Mark C. Black, Ph.D. mid AD 60's David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 64 or more likely 65 M.S. Mills, AD 67 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 61 to 62 1st John Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80-95  David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 100 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 97 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Early AD 60's Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 90 to 100 Marianne Meye Thompson, AD 90 to 100 2nd John Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80-95 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 100 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 97 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Early AD 60's Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 90 to 100 Marianne Meye Thompson, AD 90 to 100 3rd John Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80-95 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 100 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 97 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Early AD 60's Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 90 to 100 Marianne Meye Thompson, AD 90 to 100 Jude Richard J. Bauckham, Ph.D. AD 50s is plausable David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 75 Gary Holloway, Ph.D. between AD 55 and 80 M.S. Mills, AD 62 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 61 to 62 Revelation David E. Aune, Ph.D. AD 95 or 64 to 70 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 90-96 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Generally fixed at AD 96 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 95 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 90's Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D. between AD 93 and 96 John MacArthur, AD 95 to 96 J. Ramsey Michaels, Ph.D. AD 70 to 100 M.S. Mills, AD 95 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Late AD 68 or early 70    I'm sorry but the above is not only a complete waste of space, (if you can't make your point with 10 or less reconsider your position) but notice the earliest date is 40 years after the death of Jesus. A rough average being 60 - 100 years later. Even without the politics and control that came later, the best, most accurate account of Jesus has been spread via word of mouth 1 -3, maybe more, generations after the fact. A lot can get lost, added, altered, forgotten, embellished and so on in that amount of time. Especially considering the source.   The entire NT is speculative. The question can still be asked if Jesus really even existed. Christianity has without question drifted very far from it's roots. The facts that can be confirmed show an NT that has been altered, that has been tightly controlled and minupulated for power, politics and personal glory by an organization that has in the past had no problem with the forgery of ducuments, the destruction and/or defamation of science and thought and the murder and/or torture of it's opponents.   If Christianity was based on what is said Jesus said the NT would probably be 20 pages. All the rest are men who had an opinion and found a way to connect that opinion to something Jesus said.   God is God. Plenty of times in the OT if he wanted you to know something you knew it. He even realized that he needed to be real clear with us (The 10 commandments, set in stone) So what happened that he just said figure it out yourselves?
I am a roman catholic. We do NOT worship Mary! You thinking that is more insulting thatn anything. We "venerate" or "give highest honner" to her. We belive that Jesus said, "Women, behold your son, son, behold your mother". We belive that this makes Mary the mother of the Catholic church.  You do bring up a valid point that bringing in trees for the winter season does come from peagon origens, but christans use it to symbolise the eternal life of God. And, if we celibrate the aniverrsery of when we came to this world, it only makes sense to do the same for Jesus.  Not to mention that bringing in trees for the winter season is not the only thing pagans did to celebrate th winter sulstes, they also did human sacrifices. (someting a true cristian would never do)  Ummm wasn't Jesus a human sacrifice? But he was Jewish so I guess in that respect your right.
Sure I can. Besides, I do know someone who sees spirits regularly.Hmm, what kind of a collection do they have in their liquor cabinet?
Speaking of spirits, Jamesons'?  Or, Bushmills?
Ps, here's just ONE interesting quote I copied from a weegee board forumn:  "I really do not reccommend using a weegee board. Please take my advice as i am only concerned for your safety because of what happened to my good friend james. We set it all up right and we started doing it and it took a while for anything to start happening but when it did it told us that it was an evil spirit. We thought it was a cool idea to keep playing until james put his finger on the glass and at that moment he rolled his head back and the glass shattered and then he gargled blood. Then he went into a spasm and with the 3 blows with his own hand to his head he made his skull collapse and killed himself. The ortopsy showed that the brain had detached from everything. Me and my friend have spent the last 6 months of our lives in a mental hospital only being released because we decided to stop trying to tell the truth."   There are plenty more unpleasant experiences like this one from dabbling with spirits.  Does that sound safe and harmless to you?  That sounds like they are either mad, high or lying. I'd work with high myself.
Damn! What's wrong with my Ouija board? It never did that. I have the most boring Ouija board. It sits there and does nothing.
It only works on interesting people...heheROFL! Touche!
Dante's inferno had all those who never knew Jesus in the first circle of hell, so technically Ghandi and all those children are running forever into a strong wind....
First, I drink two glasses of fine Scotch. I then find my favorite mind altering substance, and smoke it. I then go outside in the summer night, and watch the stars. lmao emoticon_xhoho
It is all relative to our perspective Matt, so from the perspective of the Age of Grace, the Age of the Law seemed harsh. But don't forget that the same God who gave us the Age of the Law, also gave us the Age of Grace which we currently reside in. And you can thank what Jesus did for this Age. So in other words, you're saying that somewhere along the lines, God changed his mind.
First, I drink two glasses of fine Scotch. I then find my favorite mind altering substance, and smoke it. I then go outside in the summer night, and watch the stars.  Or the ramblings of those who indulge in this sort of thing, relyed second/third hand and delivered with sincerity and lack of editing.
What if it was his plan all along. I cannot see a better way to demonstrate love that is freely given and freely received. Which could lead us to yet another topic which is "what is love". Has anyone done that one yet or should I start a thread?  Huck Inconsistency sure seems like an odd way to show it.
I know this is going to hurt you, but it needs to be pointed out. Did God make Mentally Retarded Children as they are ? Or Mongoloids ?  Did you actually just say mongoloid?
Homosexuality is not an impairment, any more than being blue-eyed, left-handed, red-haired... or heterosexual.
"Allowing" it to happen is the same as him making them that way. I disagree. Big Orn is right. Only Calvinists and other determinists hold to this.
"Allowing" it is making a choice by default. Yes, but this would only show add support to a determinist argument if there was only one possible outcome of God "allowing" whatever it was.  For example, let's say a mosquito lands on my arm. I know it will bite me. I can swat it, or I can do nothing. Doing nothing would be allowing it to bite me and since I have the power to stop it, allowing it to bite me would essecntially be the same as choosing it to bite me (to a certain extent).  But our world isn't so simple. There is not only one possible outcome of God allowing us to have free will. There is a potentially infinite number of outcomes.  Even from this example, one can see that it is more complex than that. I didn't choose for the mosquito to come to land on me in the first place for example.
Well, if he doesn't know-of/allow these things, then He's not really God, now is He? There's no way to believe in God without subscribing to the view that he allows or causes these things. Otherwise, He's no God after all. It's not "radical religion"--it's straight logic. If you're going to subscribe to the idea of an 'all-powerful' being, then you don't get to suddenly pretend he's not really all-powerful. Read my last post.
Inconsistent from my limited, finite, colored and distorted viewpoint? I suppose , if you want to rest all your weight on such a thing.  Don't get me wrong. I'm no more ready to accept it all than you, I simply cannot deny the objective facts of it all.  Huck You say I only see it as inconsistent because I don't have the mind of God (which would be impossible for me to have of course) and then say this is all based on "objective facts" which we can have. Which is it? Also, what "objective facts" are you referring to exactly?
Actually, that is an incorrect summation.  The point about objective facts are what the scripture says about God's nature and the logic of him being the way he is described. It all fits nicely. If he is infinite then it would make sense that he would be the one who sets the standards and the one who says whether or not those standards are correct.  I am alluding to other things there but that statement is not really that material to the argument. If the christian God is as described in the bible (and lets face it, if we are talking about the christian god then we have to accept the bible as the authority on his nature, we have little other choice), then for me to say He is inconsistent or unloving is a little like a painting complaining about the painters skills.  Huck If you view scripture as "objective facts" than we are obviously coming from a very different view of what the bible is. I thought you were taking more of the approach of a philosopher/theologian as opposed to a believer here.  It doesn't fit nicely. It is inconsistent to say "Ok, here's how it's gonna go. I'm going to give you some odd hundred laws. You have to follow these laws or you will be impure and unrighteous"..........fast forward to several thousand years later...."Nevermind all that. I've got this guy here now. Just believe in him and you'll be fine. All of you who didn't make the cut under the old rules? Sorry, my bad."
Maybe I should start another thread about this, but it seems relevant here, so here it goes.  Here, in a nutshell, is the problem with the idea that God is in control of everything, or to blame for everything, or behind everything. Whatever phrase you want to use.  If this is so, it means that God has already chosen who will "choose" him and be saved, and those that will not "choose" him and go to hell. If, as in this situation, we do not have any control over our own outcome, then there can be no criterion by which to choose who goes to heaven and who goes to hell. This means that it has to be chosen arbitrarily. To use Calvin's own imagery, God is holding everyone in his hands over the fires of hell and letting some slip through his fingers. The idea that God is arbitrary runs completely counter to the idea that God is entirely purposeful and deliberate.  Free will is what gives life, and this world, purpose. Otherwise, we are just unknowing cogs in a machine, unknowing players in a twisted, cosmic, tragic comedy.  Determinism, or whatever phrase you prefer to use, makes God arbitrary and life meaningless. Does this sound like the kind of God you believe in or would want to believe in?
If you're saying that human freedom and an omniscient God are not incompatible, I would agree. Yup, that is what I was saying, among other things.  MS, I agree except for the part where you link "in control" and "blame" as being the same. I just mentioned all the terms I had seen being used here to be inclusive.  He can be in control and still not cause bad things to happen. Because He is in control, He will not interfere with our choices. If He had preset my outcome from birth, then how am I to truly choose? And if He preset those things that directly affect me, then how can I overcome adversity. Because He is in control, I am permitted to make mistakes, or become successful. I'm with you in the first half, but you lost me at the end there. Are you saying God "presets things that directly affect you" (obstacles) because God knows how you will react and is trying to teach you something?  If He can't change things, then prayer would be an exercise in futility. I agree. BTW - I don't think hell is a place, either. For the lack of a better word, I believe it is a direction that eventually leads to spiritual death. I don't believe Hell is a place either (or even if I believe in hell to begin with), but tell me more about what you mean by this. It sounds interesting.
I am not taking the stance as a believer. Philosopher theologian would be reasonable. I see the evidence for the bible to be fairly good evidence. It is better than most evidence we use when referring to other historical events of this antiquity. The sheer volume of documentation is overwhelming concerning the bible. There are other things too. Well, I guess I'll just leave this where it stand and we will just have to agree to disagree lest we get into a discussion over the historical validity of the bible. There are plenty of threads on that subject, and I don't want to distract too much. Besides, I think as long as we're more concerned with the theological, I think we'll be fine.  It is very consistent of a God who is love, and who wants love (freely given love) to show people that they are not able to do it on thier own. Hence the purpose fo the law. It was there to show people the need for god. God has always said that belief in him is what leads to justification. Even in the old testament when Abraham (then abram) is told that Sarah (then sarai) will bear him a son (even in their ninetys) it says "and abram believed god and he was declared righteous." This happens before abram tries to have a son or sacrifice his son or any of that. He merely believed. God called him righteous.   NOw, in the new testament, God sends his own son so that "whosoever" should believe in him would be saved. I find this remarkably consistent.  Huck. To do what on their own? Love?  I have more I want to say here, but I want to be clear on your message first.
How do you see God  I don't.  I'd say it's impossible to 1) See something that dosn't exist (without being manipulated by mind control practices or illegal substances to hallucinate) or 2) to see something that so powerful and paranoid and neurotic as to not want to be seen.
It sounds like a few folks think that God "creates" or "allows" mentally retarded people. Does He create or "make happen" the lightning that strikes the golfer or the hurricane that smashes seaside towns? Sounds like some radical religionist's hype.  Does He cause the little bird to fall from the nest or is He just aware of it?  At the onset of humanity, He told Adam and Eve that the earth is here for them (mankind). He told them to take care of it. He said nothing about taking over if they (we) couldn't handle it.  Blaming God for all the things, both good and bad, that happen is a mistake, imho. Some things just happen. Does that mean that God's not in control? No, it only reinforces that He still is.  So, you haven't read ALL the bible? I covered this in the thread on respecting others beliefs. There are plenty of passages that state God does ALL this you say. Calvinism is based on such beliefs.  Believing otherwise would deny, in part, the sovereignty of the Lord. We may not know the reasons or could only speculate in our finite knowledge. But, if you believe in the WHOLE bible, things don't just happen, but contribute by design to His inefible plan. There are reasons for all if you look outside the box.  A mental retard can lead me to become more compassionate to those less fortunate. Personally, I'd inately abort them or kill them* and not waste the resources of them but, when around them, I do find myself patient and kind.  * Yes, I have the capacity like most all humans to be cruel and callous...for a 'higher cause' of course.  Daily though, I'm reminded how scripturally illiterate professed believers are or how their own desires force them to interpret scripture to find new meaning to conform to their wants rather than the other way around.
It takes a person many, many years to completely understand all the things the Bible has to offer. I'm nowhere close.  I have my beliefs just as you have yours. I can't, in all honesty, say that I have all the answers.  What I can do, though, is lay mine out for someone. There might be just one person that needs what little I have to offer - if so, then my time is well spent. I have learned many things, and have changed my view accordingly. I can say that those changes have been for the better.   Thank you. That is one of the most honest and sincearest sounding responses I've seen in a long time.
To say emotions are not measurable is a bit misleading. They are measurable but the measure is a subjective measure. There is no standard for emotional measurement (like there is with the meter etc.).  However, emotional responses can be subjectively rated by those that experience them. for example:  Please rate the following on a scale of 1 to 10 with 1 being the saddest event and 10 being the happiest event:  Wedding Funeral Cat stuck in a tree Tuna gone bad toilet overflowing foreclosure   People can rate their emotional reactions to the events. In fact that is a fairly prominent counseling tool. To say that they are not measurable is not precisely correct. To say that there is no real objective measure would be accurate. Emotions by nature are subjective and therefore their measurement MUST be subjective.  Huck
Oh no one said that emotions are not measurable. We are saying that emotions are not scientifically measurable.   jackamarra is essentially arguing that if something cannot be scientifically proven (aka measurable) then it does not exist (such as God).   I presented three emotions we obviously all know about but cannot be measured scientifically.   How much forgiveness can you put in a beaker?   At what temperature does hope break down?   What individual parts constitute love?  Scientific measurement includes the subjective. Again the issue is objectivity. It can still be done scientifically which is a process of hypotesis and controls.  It cannot be done 100% objectively, but then nothing is 100% objectively measured. Because there is always room for error in the measurer.  Huck
No belief system can ever be proved. Your viiw of what is most realsonable is as valid as anyone else's At the moment the hot debate is over materialism vs. non materialism.  Materialism in this context is not about an obsession with money. Nor is it about the existence or non existence of God. It concerns a definition of reality. Materialists see the universe, including living organisms, as consisting of nothing more than purposeless matter in motion -- a complex machine lacking any intelligence or volition. We non materialists see subjective choice (free will) and intelligent causation (intelligent design) as non supernatural aspects of reality. Only a committed materialist would question the reality of free will in humans and other mammals. However some materialist do just that, claiming that free will is an illusion, that what we mistake for rational free choice is nothing more than mechanical, deterministic interactions of the brain.   Many materialists are atheists, and many non materialists are religious, attributing everything to God. However theism is not the only alternative to materialism. Panpsychism, for instance, proposes that free-will, subjective choice, has always been a basic ingredient of reality. The "laws" of nature are merely entrenched habits of a spontaneous, volitional, creative reality. "Laws" concerning inanimate matter are habits so entrenched that deviations cannot be detected by existing measuring methods (except perhaps at the quantum level). Living organisms, on the other hand, all retain some limited ability to respond creatively and purposefully. Living organisms can be easily observed overriding habits, instincts and "laws" of nature, The universe is an intelligent democracy in the process of designing itself. The "design" of inanimate matter may be pretty entrenched by this time, but living organisms are still to some extent a design in process.   At the moment the materialists seem to be in control of academia, and they are not shy about wielding their power to silence non materialistic views. They harass and deny tenure to scientists who question materialism. Some materialists go so far as to claim materialism is the only permissible "scientific" view of reality, and they have persuaded a court to prohibit theories involving free will and intelligent causation from being considered in biology classrooms. I doubt an overwhelming majority of the public would define themselves as materialists if they gave the matter serious consideration. In any case, I'm confident that only a few in our society are so intolerant as to condone banning conflicting views from consideration.   Freud, Marx and Darwin have often been named as the three materialists of the 20th Century. Marxism is in decline. Darwinism is being hotly debated. Freud suggested that our thoughts were a mechanical process, over which we have little control. Few people still accept the Freudian notion that faulty parenting cause autism, mental illness or homosexuality. However some people still argue that 'thinking' is nothing more than mechanical brain interactions and chemical reactions.  I'd love to have you join me at my web site where I explore such questions, but apparently I have to do 10 posts before I'm allowed to post link. Hopefully this will count as number 1.  Berthajane Vandegrift
Darwinism is hotly debated? where in Church?  I agree with all of materialism positions including free will. Free will is an illusion unless you think there is a ghost in the machine.  As per bertvan:  "Only a committed materialist would question the reality of free will in humans and other mammals. Materialists see the universe, including living organisms, as consisting of nothing more than purposeless matter in motion. A complex machine lacking any intelligence or volition."  Thanks bertvan. This forum needed someone like you.
Popper informs us that one cannot prove a hypothesis, the best we can do is to reenforce it by showing it is true in certain circumstances.
My belief system says all belief systems are false, including my own.   I don't believe you.   Prove it.
I don't believe I will.  We finally agree on something!  emoticon_xhoho
We finally agree on something!  emoticon_xhoho   I don't believe you do.;)
I don't believe you do.;)  What do you require in the way of proof?
Do you have proof that it wouldn't be a "belief" system?
Yeah I can believe it if you can believe that.
Man this is giving me a headache, not from thinking, but from laughing.:)
Man this is giving me a headache, not from thinking, but from laughing.:)  Your belief that this is funny is incorrect because I believe that it's not that funny.
I'm not going to debate this with you but here is one explanation of the Doctrine of Hell from the Protestant perspective. Specifically the Calvinist perspective. And this isn't to say that I am a Calvinist either so don't make any assumptions. I read it though and agreed with it although I would have added some information it doesn't such as Hell was created for the devil and his angels, not man. We go there by choice. If you believe people go to hell by choice, why you would use Calvinist thought to explain your thinking is beyond me, but suit yourself.
This is another good point. I too find it imposible to believe in God not saving those that have been forced away - thousands upon thousnds of people are pushed away from Christianity when they hear the hateful rhetoric and fearmongering of preachers like Phelps, Hovind, Falwell, Pat Roberts, Bakker, Oral Roberts, Archangel, and pretty much any evangelical preacher. Most Atheists have had some sort of past experience with Christianity, and that experience pushes them away from the Church - usually it is the rhetoric preached by many evangelical churches.  That is why I believe what I do - my beliefs are quite similar to yours. emoticon_xgood  You speak of AP's "hatred" but take shots at him with every post that you make. Don't you see the hypocricy in that? emoticon_confused
I really don't recall ever attacking the AssociatedPress - in fact, I respect all of the work that is done by them to get the news out to everyone. emoticon_confused  Oops, I meant AA. emoticon_emb
Ah, that makes more sense.  As to "pot-shots" against AA, I merely reply in kind to his "pot-shots" at me (which usually include denigrating remarks against women in general).  The post you quoted in particular (which makes more sense now given you meant AA, thanks), isn't a "potshot" at all, it was me expressing the truth as I see it.  Like I said. emoticon_rolleyes
 It is speaking to the "CULTURAL CHRISTIANS"... Non-christians, you mean...I hope...which means they shouldn't even have the label at all.  Atheists, agnostics, etc., etc. are not called "cultural atheists" or "cultural agnostics", they are who they are.  This forum is full of junk like this. Matthew has the Upper Case Christians and the Lower Case Christians. Somebody else has "so-called" Christians. The Name of Christ shouldn't even be in the mix. JMHO on that.  ...christians who believe homosexuality is ok with God.  ARGH!!!!!! :xbanghead
 It's also why I refer most loosers to go to a Church when in a crisis when they can't handle proper and useful advice.  So that's why churches are so full of losers...  Y'all remind me not to ask Zardoz for references.
Still less do they blame Satan or whatever or expect to have their 'magic' card. I have known quite a few, but they were new to it; they didn't understand where Satan has been placed since Christ, and would really get down in the dumps.  I think, at first, when new believers start learning, they get the gist of it, but really don't understand how evil can influence in such a powerful way. If they stay faithful, though, and grow in the spirit, they come to see that bad things happen to good people and good things happen to bad people and life goes on. The old adage, "The devil made me do it!", won't hold shucks anymore.
The Jesus seekers throughout history have found what they were predisposed to look for. Modern seekers find a historical Jesus who thinks like them, agrees with them, and no doubt would vote like them. The liberal searchers have found a liberal Jesus, the liberationists a Jesus of the class struggle, etc.   Do any of these figures correspond to the "real" Jesus of Nazareth - if he can be reconstructed from the gospels?   James.
American Capitalist Christianity is an invention: there is no such political movement.  Christians are found all across the political spectrum in the United States and elsewhere.  James.
From Humanist In Canada magazine, Spring 2000 Why God Likes Atheists Best Wurt Keinheimer  First of all, atheists aren't always asking God for stuff. YOu don't hear atheists going around saying "Oh God, please give me a Sony Play Station!" or "Dear Lord, please don't let me lose my erection now!" or Heavenly Father, don't let my daughter get a nipple ring!"  I mean, think about it from God's point of view. He listens to that kind of stuff, and lots worse, from His believers twenty-four hours a day, three hundred and sixty-five days a year, millennium after millenium, no weekends off, no vacations and no overtime pay. After a while that has got to get old. So God probably really appreciates His atheists for procurring their own Sony Play Stations and erections and whatnot.  But that's not the only reason God likes atheists best. He also really digs it that atheists don't go around gossiping and spreading rumours about Him like His believers are always doing. You don't hear atheists talking about how God is this kind of guy or that kind of guy, or how God caused this terrible event or did thus-and-such to so-and-so.  Heck! How would you feel if everybody and their brother was spouting off about what you did or why you do the things you do? Cuz you know it all gets back to Him in the end, right? After all, he is God.  I figure one of these days He's gonna come looking for everybody that's been spreading rumours and gossip about Him. He'll come down from Heaven and round up all the Baptists and Rosicrucians and Hindus and Buddhists and Jews and Moonies and Quakers and Shakers and Episcopalians and all His other believers. Then He'll gather them unto him in the Sky Dome in Toronto and really let them have it!  He'll say, "Who do you think you are, talking about me behind my back? Who are you to say Who I am? How dare you define Me?!"  Now, you gotta figure those blievers are gonna be feeling pretty embarrassed when He confronts them that way and they'll probably go all quiet and sheepish and contrite. So, being a skilled orator, God will no doubt seize the opportunity of the silence in the Sky Dome to press His point, verily saying, "From now on, mind your own business, like My atheists do. You take care of the human stuff. I'll take care of the God stuff. And if I ever need you to define me, which is highly unlikely, I will let you know. Till then, just keep your mouth shut about Me."  Of course, being God, He might word it a bit differently but I'm sure that would be the gist of His Message. And boy oh boy! Wouldn't you love to be there to hear Him give His Message? I know I would. But, being an atheist, I might not be invited. At the very least, God probably won't be sending me complimentary tickets to that particular Sky Dome event. But hey, I figure that's why he created ticket scalpers.  Anyway, there's another reason God likes atheists best. In His guise as God the Father, arguably the best parent ever, He's gotta love the self-reliant independence of His athiest offspring. He's gotta adore the fact that His atheist kids stand on thier own two feet and aren't forever tied to His spiritual apron springs. And it must be no small comfort to Him that His atheist boys and girls don't blame Him for their failures and don't expect Him to provide for their successes. Heck! He must feel immense pride and relief that His athesit progeny take responsibility for their own actions and realize that their own actions are the only thing they have to make the world a better place.  Dang! Is it any wonder God likes atheists bests? Of course not. It's only logical. Besides, I'm an atheist, so I know on a level beyond logic, that atheists are His favourites, His chosen people, His representatives on earth.   After all, I just created this God for the purposes of this essay and I'd have to be crazy not to have Him like me best. Wouldn't I?
Very humorous. And maybe closer to the truth than one dare imagine... emoticon_xgood
Well...I never.  Everyone knows God loves me most or my name isn't Saddam Hussein!  Why, I even have some pics of me and the old luvy dovey. Here.  Jealous?  You should be.
No, not true at all. G-d desires for us to willingly love Him suprememly and for our lives to be guided by Him just as any earthly father would guide his own children. Hell is a place of utter torment that people, who reject G-d, choose to end up in. Consequences of our decisions have eternal signifigance. Absolutely reprehensible comment. How in the same breath can you say that God desires us to willingly love him, and if we don't, he will consign us to hell for an eternity of torture? And it would have been our choice! What madness. Love me or be tortured! Is that a free and willing expression of love? Is that really how you imagine a father guides his children? Barking mad.  "The God of hell should be held in loathing, contempt and scorn. A god who threatens eternal pain should be hated, not loved; cursed, not worshipped. A heaven presided over by such a god must be below the meanest hell." - Ingersoll  "Nothing proves the man-made character of religion as obviously as the sick mind that designed hell, unless it is the sorely limited mind that has failed to describe heaven - except as a place of either worldly comfort, eternal tedium, or (as Tertullian thought) continual relish in the torture of others." - Christopher Hitchens, God is Not Great  Do you ever wonder why your God gets rejected when his qualities are as you describe?
You didn't exactly - or at all - address the question. God is basically saying love me or be tortured for eternity. How can your meaning be any other?  And if Christ was a complete sacrifice for our sins, shouldn't he be suffering for an eternity as that would be the only logical propitiatory sacrifice, seeing that Adam has been condemned for eternity?  So if some people die and go to hell, that means they've been judged. What, therefore, is the purpose of the general resurrection? Condemned souls coming out of hell? Or pulled out of heaven? What is the state, and where as those who will be resurrected?
Bassman, you're still avoiding answering the questions. Your interpretation of Revelation does nothing in this regard. What sort of god wants people to willingly love him, only to torture for eternity those that don't? No longer is it willingness, but compulsion out of fear.  Hence the hold that Christianity has on the gullible.  Do you really expect people to love and appreciate your version of God, when he can just as easily turn round and condemn to hell and torture for eternity? Really?
So how should one address people who believe in fairytales? Just because beliefs are sincerely held does not in the slightest make them valid.  I don't know that any non-believer sets out deliberately to insult; it's rather a case of seeing otherwise sensible people being led astray by myth and the feelings that come from that.  I'm glad you said that some people are usually sensible enough not to take all the Bible literally. But the same 'sensible' people can just as easily shout down 'fundies' for their literalistic interpretations. We then see Christians at each other's throats. Yup. Very sensible.  So if the Bible is the word of God, why are there 'fundies' and non-fundies? And that is one reason why some of us here see such nonsense in religion.  Not personal, not arrogant. Just expressing what we see. Nonsense, and nonsense beliefs.
It is puzzling why many posters insult millions of people, calling them gullible, mentally retarded etc for believing in God.  Millions of people are neither gullible nor stupid, yet they are devout believers in Christianity, Islam, Judaism or whatever  Their beliefs are sincerely and honestly held.  They are usually sensible enough to believe that the Bible is not literally correct. They do take its teaching seriously, they do believe in God and the hereafter.  Yet in your arrogance they are all dismissed as simple-minded  Yet, for some reason, you have no problem when children are dispelled of their beliefs in such things as Santa Clause and the Tooth fairy?
... Do you really mean the Tooth fairy doesn't exist ? Can you prove it ?emoticon_ic Glad you've got a sense of humour, or you would have sounded quite the clown with that old line. emoticon_xgood
Santa Claus was based on a true story from long ago.  Do you really mean the Tooth fairy doesn't exist ? Can you prove it ?emoticon_ic  Yet, St. Nicholas is long dead and only the bizarre customs of parents keep the legend going... Sound familiar?  As for the tooth fairy... Can you prove that monkey's haven't ever jumped out of me backside?  There have been public viewings of both... Much more evidence than that tooth fairy has gotten.  In an ironic issue, my youngest has just lost 6 baby teeth in the past week. No tooth fairy has ever visited him...cause I'm a cheap bum...but, I do have a collection of all of his lost teeth. MuAhahahahah...
... Can you prove that monkey's haven't ever jumped out of me backside? There have been public viewings of both... cause I'm a cheap bum... I do wonder about people that refer to their nether regions twice in the same post... :p
And why are they bizarre ? Unless of course keeping the kernel of truth on aspects of morality is bizarre. It's bizarre because of the extraordinary lengths filled with waste, pomp and ritual gone through just for a kernel...that, more often than not seems lost in the mass of untruths. The kernel of morality is in fine print on the backside of the greeting card.  A better idea would be to simply teach the whole ear of corn's worth of morality and use more apt object lessons relevant to todays time.  There are strong simularities between St. Nick and the Christ. The only difference seems to be to what length people are willing to take the ruse and how much emphasis they want to put on the story.  St. Nick, aka Santa Clause, could very well become a diety worshiped by billions. Today, we belive we know that that simply is silly. But, a few generations down the road...would you cry foul or accept it and respect it because that's what should happen?   Christmas practices are perpetuated throughout nearly all cultures. We know it to be myth and a lie pulled over on small, simple minded, children. Why isn't religion any different? Moral lessons.  Please.  Getting gifts is a moral lesson too. (so is giving them for some)
Wouldn't 'bashing' be against forum rules?"Confessions of a 'Moderator'"emoticon_rolleyes
Nope. They've just been eating too many Oreos. emoticon_wowGood God! EZ! They've let you out.  May I presume that the meds are working?
I guess your comprehension skills leave something to be desired. Or was believing the 1800s number just more convenient for the point you wanted to make. How nice it must be in life to be able to determine what truth is most convenient for you and let that be the determining factor as to what you will believe is true. But anyway, as I originally said, the born again movement started with, and was created by Jesus Christ. And unlike your assumptions that it was started in the 1800s, here's the evidence that say's otherwise.  Jhn 3:3 Jesus answered and said to him, "Most assuredly, I say to you, unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."  Jhn 3:7 Do not marvel that I said to you, 'You must be born again.'  1Pe 1:23 having been born again, not of corruptible seed but incorruptible, through the word of God which lives and abides forever   This goes to show on how HUGE amounts of theology can be done on bad translations. The original Greek is more accurately translated by 'Born from above'. which is a term meaning there is a love of God.
It's true Jo... "All have sin and fall short of the glory of God" because we all have within up a sin nature. We all share in the corrupted seed from Adam. But Jesus came and sacraficed Himself for our sins that if we believe upon Him that we shall not parish, but have eternal life.  Very Christian attitude. One of the very many reasons I reject Christianity.  It makes no sense what so ever, and it has a real big misreading of Genesis.
No matter what religion we are, we are human, we stray, we sin, WE ARE NOT PERFECT. But many religions preach forgiveness for sins. God forgives.  I'm perfect.
No matter what religion we are, we are human, we stray, we sin, WE ARE NOT PERFECT. But many religions preach forgiveness for sins. God forgives.Therfore I intend to commit most sins before I leave this mortal coil.
I just realized that both Sam and Mae's posts are years old, and they are probably no longer posting here.   Sorry.  Nothing to be sorry for. Winston revived the thread because he is trolling. He just got permanently banned from another forum and is trying to renew his attempts to start a flame war in this forum.
you and mae got banned first.  when I tried to have her banning lifted, they banned me because they thought I was mae. Ridiculous!!  That forum was the only one I have been banned from and as I said not for trolling.  mae on the other hand has been banned from several forums including this one. I interceded and got her back.  Are you the same Winston Smith who on 5/8 bade farewell to forums and blogs?
how are you doing, old messenger boy ? emoticon_xbye  You are skating on very thin ice. People have been prosecuted for less slanderous statements than what you left behind in the SF forum.
I would think the percentage of sterile men or women in a hetero marriage who can never have kids is probably pretty close to the % of people in the general population who are gay. So I don't think your point is valid Winny.
Well Easyrider, I don't think I'm going to believe Lifesite News(an anti-gay site), nor whomever "Dr.C." is, the person who won't even give a name.  There are no diseases unique to homosexuals, as your site claims. Heterosexuals get the same diseases, and surveys show that the diseases are astoundingly common among heterosexuals, always have been---  http://www.boxturtlebulletin.com/Articles/000,015.pdf  (scroll down to page 5, "medical consequences of heterosexuality).  I mean who ridiculous is it to try to link testicular cancer to homosexuality? It's not as though a man will pick up cancer by having contact with another man's testicals. Women do get cervical cancer by the same virus(HPV) that causes anal cancer in some gay men. Cervical cancer in women who have practiced heterosexuality, is so common, that Guardasil is univerisally being applied to protect young women, in many jurisdictions.  How does being gay make one more at risk for obesity, as Lifesite claims?
Most respondents reported experience of discrimination, with a high proportion attributing it to their sexuality. These factors appear to be linked with higher rates of mental disorder.  Rates and predictors of mental illness in gay men, lesbians and bisexual men and women: Results from a survey based in England and Wales -- Warner et al. 185 (6): 479 -- The British Journal of Psychiatry
<flush<  God doesn't accept illicit gay sex sin.  And what did Jesus try to tell carnal sinners? REPENT?   Where's the repentance?  So don't give me that "God accepts gay marriage, etc." garbage. That's the liberal left chanting that, not God.  And I'm sure you of all people know the mind of God... Please, you just take snippets of scripture, and twist it into well this is absolute. God loves gays and lesbians, but you fling god out as a way to justify your slander and bigotry.       Doctors Say Legalizing Same-Sex Marriage Will Give False Impression Gay Sex is Safe  OTTAWA, February 18, 2005 (LifeSiteNews.com) - The looming legalization of same-sex marriage has pushed several doctors to begin speaking out on the harmful medical consequences of homosexual sex. In addition to the group of physicians who presented their findings to Parliament in a referenced brief last week (see LifeSiteNews.com coverage Same-Sex 'Marriage' a Health Risk Doctors Warn Parliamentarians ), two other doctors have approached LifeSiteNews.com to submit evidence but requested anonymity based on fear of retribution from homosexual activists.  Lifesite news.... Oh come on.. Want to post some things from NOM as well? I'm sure everyone will take that seriously too.   The doctors noted that they are concerned for individuals practicing dangerous homosexual sex practices but also for society in that the normalization of such sex practices through same sex 'marriage' legislation will result in a major added burden on health care.  Gays and Lesbians engaging in a monogamous sexual act with their husband or wife will add a burden on health care? who writes this ####??    "Legalization of same sex marriage by the government would give the false message that homosexual sex practices, such as anal intercourse, as long as 'practiced safely', are not endangering the health of the partners," said Dr. C.  Oh lord.... And heterosexuals are just as much at risk for HIV and STDS as gays and lesbians. Once again playing the fear card on the ignorant...    Providing rather explicit details which she felt the public must be aware of, she explained, "Anal intercourse causes abrasions of the relatively fragile rectal wall, especially in the receptive partner. The penetration of E.coli, always present in the stool, and other bacteria, viruses and parasites penetrate through such lesions into the deeper body tissues. This leads to the suppression of the immune system of such individuals even if there is no exposure to HIV. The immune suppression increases the risk to develop certain cancers, opportunistic infections, to which otherwise one would be resistant, and other health problems including the risk of premature death."   What does anal sex have to do with marriage? What if a gay couple doesn't have sex? Some argument this is. And one who engages in this "act" as listed above. I can say this is defunct garbage. Any health care professional will tell you otherwise that isn't on the radical right's payroll that is.     Information on the health risks of gay sex is available from the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association (GLMA). A survey by members of the GLMA released in August 2002 listed the main health problems affecting homosexual men. According to Christopher E. Harris, MD, GLMA President and Vincent M.B. Silenzio, MD, MPH, there are increased health risks for homosexual men.  Once again health risks of unprotected sex and multiple partners, etc. Not a monogamous relationship where both have been tested and given the Ok...    The most common health problems in homosexual men are:  1. Increased incidence of infectious diseases  - HIV/AIDS*  - syphilis - gonorrhea - chlamydia  - pubic lice  - hepatitis A - hepatitis B - hepatitis C - anal papilloma  2. Increased incidence of cancer especially - colon/rectal - prostate - testicular  3. Increased incidence of eating disorders  - bulimia - anorexia nervosa - obesity  4. Increased incidences of other psychological problems - anxiety - depression - suicide  5. Increased incidence of addiction problems especially  - tobacco - alcohol - street drugs - amyl nitrates (poppers)  See also Physician Says Science of Medical Consequences of Homosexual Behaviour is Being Trumped by Political Agenda Physician Says Science of Medical Consequences of Homosexual Behaviour is Being Trumped by Political Agenda  Doctors Say Legalizing Same-Sex Marriage Will Give False Impression Gay Sex is Safe  I just love this list. And what risks does the heterosexual community have? None of this??? I just LOVE how people can whip up a fresh batch of bull and just slap it onto a website to spread lies and misinformation...   And also WHAT DOES THIS HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH MARRIAGE?????
Let us round up a hundred or so "married" gay couples and another hundred or so "married" lesbian couples and then dump the gays in one deserted island and the lesbians in another one. Both isolated from civilization. we would supply them with food, medical care, gay magazines etc.  Let's see how this 'normal' marriages would reproduce? I wonder how the population growth would compare between both groups?? emoticon_rolleyes  That's not reality. It will never happen. All you are saying is that it takes a male and a female to reproduce in nature. What does marriage have to do with it? One could have reproduction without any marriage, without love. Would the fact that the couple reproduced mean their marriage is safe and good, and they will never be unhappy and seek a divorce? Marriage must perform functions other than putting a penis in a vagina and hoping the egg fertilizes, and the fertilized egg implants.
Winny...There are already too many people anyway. I wish there were even more gay dudes and I could be the last strait guy on earth!
and what if the last woman on earth was a dyk# ? emoticon_cry  So what.... And your assumption and example is ridiculous.
why do gays and lesbians try so hard to be considered normal? Accept your fate, you are not normal. It is not your fault if you are a man who feels, talk, and moves like a woman and vice versa.  What an idiotic, backward, caricature. It's not normal to hold to that belief in this day and age.
It is not a belief dahhhhlin' is a fact dahhlin'   well, then you are walking caricatures of men trying to walk, talk and behave like women and have sex like women.  marriage is the union of 2 heterosexuals. Period.  anything else is a sad mimicry.  A sad mimicry? Please... I know many same sex married couples who are happy and are raising a family. Your false assumption and prejudice form of opinion is sad..
It is not a belief dahhhhlin' is a fact dahhlin'  Who talks like that? No one I know.   well, then you are walking caricatures of men trying to walk, talk and behave like women and have sex like women.  What do you know about gay sex? Where did you come by this information?  marriage is the union of 2 heterosexuals. Period.  Not where I live.  anything else is a sad mimicry.  Unless you've been involved in a same-sex relationship, and have some knowledge of it, both of which you have not demonstrated, you don't know what you're talking about.
You are preaching to the converted, I am on your side on this one for I would also never but never would have sex a man. Gimme a woman, even a hairy one anytime. emoticon_xagree  Yeah...sputter....:p You care soo friggin much about what two men do in bed, and jump up and down to reassure us it has absolutely no affect on your life. He doth protest too much, people!  I'll tell you what. Being the magnanimous individual I am, I will cease having sex with men, just to make you happy.
I contend that: Atheists have no framework for morality.  Morality only comes from Christianity.   ....Are there no moral Jews, no moral Hindus, no moral Muslims?  I think morality comes from compassion and caring for others more than from religion. I do not doubt that there were peoples with a degree or morality before Christ arrived and sparked Christianity.   Maybe our connotations of moral amd immoral need clarifying. What is it that makes you think there are no moral atheists?
Since ChristAscended is not tending to his thread, and since most posts are not observing the twin rules of staying on topic and avoiding ad hominems, I'm closing the thread.
Answers include but are not limited to:  People need a solution for the Problem of Evil.  People want to have an "objective" standard for good and evil.  God said it, I believe it, that settles it.  Mormons believe that Satan is the brother of Jesus.
People likely believe in Satan, if for nothing else, than because they'll have somebody to blame for their own actions so they won't have to take responsibility.  So basically Satan is the personification of a liberalistic ideal, nobody is responsible for their own actions, somebody else is to blame.
Anyone else see a picture of the Santauario de Chimayo at the bottom of this thread?
Anyone else see a picture of the Santauario de Chimayo at the bottom of this thread?I keep seeing ads for Hondas and stuff.
i just thought that it would be cool to revive this thread. it was such an interesting debate.
Oh, such a lively debate... more like capitalist bashing. :P
now all we need is dsadevil and we'll be on our way!!!
Joy...
Yes capitalism sucks. There has got to be a better way. I also know that the better way is not socialism.
I like capitalism because you have your chance to do what you want. Be stupid or be smart, and most very poor people have chosen to be stupid. They dropped out of school or got pregnant, not that that is always the case. The single mother is an example, but she can usually get help. 67% of black children are born out of wedlock, but I don't see Jesse Jackson or Al SHarpton fighting that.
capitalism in theory allows people to have equal opportunity, but that is not the case. like it or not broker, there is a such thing as class conflict. and not most poor people have "chosen" to be stupid. they have been born in an environment that does not allow for them to progress. poverty is a neverending cycle. most poor people were born to poor parents and most rich people were born to rich parents. poor children (who did not "choose" to be poor) go to poor inner-city schools. rich children go to rich wealthy schools. and even in the case of a woman who gets pregnant, should we punish her for the rest of her life because she made one mistake? or should we give her another chance...
I'm not supporting her because of her mistake. That's not forgetting to take the trash out...   People born into poverty can do well in any school and get money for college. They can succeed. Most are just too lazy to do it.
thats easy for you to say, since you've never been poor...  i am willing to support someone for a mistake that they made when they were young. i guess it has to do with what kind of person you are. if you are a compassionate person then you will be willing to help those in need. if you are money-hungry and filled with greed and close-minded then you will not want to help the needy.
Every great mistake has a halfway moment. THose people knew what they did could potentially destroy their lives.   And it's true. There are millions of success stories...everywhere.
there's only 250 million people in the united states. how could their be millions of success stories
why not support the needy? you're a christian right broker? wouldnt Jesus show mercy to the person who made a mistake early in life? or would he just say "too bad". thats something for you to consider broker. money is not everything. so stop acting like it is.
There are 280 million people in the US. I'd say there are several million people who grew up poor and aren't poor today.
I'll give to the poor when and if I want to. I don't want 85% of the money that I had to work for being taken by a government that just comes up with new ways to take more from me. I don't want to be forced to do anything and forcing me makes me not want to do it.   I'm not against helping the poor. I am against giving them money to live their whole lives instead of helping them to get out of poverty. That's all that happens in these socialist countries! Their poverty rates are rising and in many cases are higher than ours!  Anyone can raise their status if they want to. You may have to work two hard jobs to get into a college and get a degree to do something that pays good, but you can do it.
broker, you act like none of those tax dollars go to stuff that you use. you dont go to athletic events? you dont use the mail? you dont drive on roads? theres a bunch of other things as well that you use that are paid for by tax dollars.
When they tax you for 85% all I can say is welfare state. That's why I think more people get into poverty and need their social welfare under a socialist system...it's absurd to me.   Taxes are fine, as long as they don't take too much and they don't waste it. I don't think anything more than 50% of a person's income should be taken and I don't think the government should act like it's their money, because it's not.
Yes! I hate government bailouts! Huge corporate tax rates kill industry that does most of the research, and 50% of small businesses only sell to coporations. Falling is anti-corporations...
i always thought that robinhood was a good guy, oh well:)  have u ever heard of progressive tax? the richest people pay a higher percentage. so lets say a rich person pays 60% of their income to taxes. someone who is on the lower level income bracket, which would be where we are, would not pay nearly that much.
I like the progressive tax, but I'm limit to no more than 50% of someone's income.
wow, i am getting so freakin tired of repeating the same arguments over and over again. i think that i have addressed this question about 1000 times on this website, many times with broker. read some of the earlier posts. if you have a specific question or argument that has not been made yet, i will be glad to post a response.
Well, Falling, don't you think the economy would be hurt if you raised tax rates on the rich to about 70%?
not really, because if you tax the rich more then that means the government will have more money to spend. when the government spends money, it spurs on the economy. its called Keynesian economics. government spending will also increase consumer demand. you must be a supply-sider.
Yet with Reagan's tax cuts the economy went through the roof and he doubled federal revenues.
after reagan's tax cuts took place, the united states experienced the worst recession since the great depression.   poverty increased greatly. in fact, poverty rose every single year from 1981 to 1992.   our country experienced a huge increase in the deficit. when reagan took office, we were 994 billion dollars in debt. when he left, we were 2867 dollars in debt. why did this happen? because while reagan cut taxes, he also increased military spending. the trade deficit also quadrupled during this time period.   wow reagan's tax cuts were sure a huge hit, werent they:)   please explain to me how we got out of the Great Depression.   let me give you a quick history lesson:): herbert hoover was a strict capitalist and believed that the government should just stay out (laissez-faire) and that the depression would heal itself. three years into the depression, the economy was even worse off than it was in the beginning. then in 1932, when FDR is elected president (my most favorite president ever!!:D:D), he increased government spending and created new jobs through the government. unemployment gradually decreased and the economy came back. the economy was almost all the way back and then world war II came around. the government spent even more money on the war, which stimulated the economy. by the end of FDR's term, we were completely out of the depression!! yay:D:D!!! but then after FDR died, you had many capitalists who were very jealous of him and angry that he was successful. they denounced the New Deal and all of the good it did. and they brainwashed people like you into thinking government spending does not stimulate the economy.
Yeah, he had a recession, and his tax cuts moved us out of that! Unemployment and inflation were at decade lows! Federal revenue was doubled!   Reagan was concerned about that deficit, but Congress, as a result of the DEMOCRATS, was unable to agree on cuts in spending.  Of course he was increasing military spending! The Soviet Union was still a ahuge threat, and he was the one responsible for bringing it down.   And the US recovered fast from the 1987 economic troubles, so it's not even worth mentioning.   When Reagan left office the deficit was seriously reduced, wasn't it? Let me go find something from my shootout with Dsa on the old site.
They cut the deficit by 70 thousand million...I've got five minutes so someone can traslate that into billions, please.   Reagan cut income taxes for EVERYONE by 25% and signed the most sweeping tax reform in 75 years. He closed many loopholes that the rich were using.
unemployment did not decrease during reagans administration, it increased. and the deficit remained extremely high until clinton's administration.  can you please respond to FDR and his New Deal that saved the country?
I never denied that it didn't. But that was a different time...an extrodinary circumstance.   Actually, unemployment reached a 14-year low during the Reagan administartion. Where did you hear otherwise? And whos fault was the deficit? Reagan WAS worried about it, but the DEMOCRATS refused to cut spending.
Originally posted by fallingupwards  can you please respond to FDR and his New Deal that saved the country?    Look at the DJIA. In the early 30s the economy was starting to turn around. Was it the New Deal? I'm willing to accept that. But the economy was about as low as it could go and could go no where else but up. In the years just before WW2 it looked like the economy was about it take another dump. Saying the New Deal saved the country does have some merit, but it is shaky at best. I can say for sure the economic explosion after WW2 was due to massive defense spending.
i'm not a big fan of massive defense spending, but it is government spending nonetheless. therefore, if you say that ww2 stopped the depression, then you are also saying that government spending can take us out of an economic slump. same thing applies if you think it was the New Deal
Originally posted by fallingupwards  i'm not a big fan of massive defense spending, but it is government spending nonetheless. therefore, if you say that ww2 stopped the depression, then you are also saying that government spending can take us out of an economic slump. same thing applies if you think it was the New Deal    That is exactly what I am saying. By no means do I condone big government saving the economy by any means, defense spending or anything resembling a modern New Deal.  What may suprise you here is that I am afraid of people with guns! Especially a large well equiped military. A large well equiped military can have politcal power unto itself. It is a large credit to our professional officer corps that we don't have a miitary coup every few years.  I just wish the rest of our government had the same discipline. Then I could entertain the idea of socialism. When the state has political power, it never gives it back. Before I get flamed, I am not advocating a military junta as form of government for the United States.
The thing in this country is that the government controls the military instead of the military controlling the government... good thing.
Socialism, communism and capitalism aren't the only choices for how to organize an economy.  Also, the US at present is neither "pure capitalist" nor socialist.   I do believe that some people should re-evaluate their definitions of socialism, as they seem confused about what it is.
Morfos, just wanted to clarify that I'm not referring to you when I say people should look up the word socialism....
Europe has a superior form of government and Americans need to relize this. .  Sorry, but what you do not realize is that we kicked out European forms of government in 1776. We saved European governments in WW2. The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men. When the USA first had the vote, Europe still had kings and emperors. Europe has become more like the USA and needs to work harder to become more like the USA. The USA had true freedom for more than 100 years before Europe started to get rid of their kings. In a few European countries they still have thier kings. I do not want to see a return of kings the the USA. Europe is almost like the USA, they just need to try a little harder.
Sorry, but what you do not realize is that we kicked out European forms of government in 1776. We saved European governments in WW2. The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men. When the USA first had the vote, Europe still had kings and emperors. The founding fathers were afraid to trust the common people with the right to vote. They didn't want mob rule and chaos. "Most of the Founders believed that property ownership was essential to good citizenship and therefore that only property owners should be able to vote. 'Property', in those days, also included slaves, of course, and half of the Founders were slave owners....The maintenance of power in the hands of the elite was further strengthened by who could vote. In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners." http://www.alternativesmagazine.com/22/lonsdale.html
Socialism, communism and capitalism aren't the only choices for how to organize an economy.  Also, the US at present is neither "pure capitalist" nor socialist.   I do believe that some people should re-evaluate their definitions of socialism, as they seem confused about what it is.  The US is still the closest thing to a pure capitalist country in the world. But you are correct, our system is not a pure capitalist one. We have reminants of all types of systems including socialism. In the modern world I don't think a society as large as the US is could be run under just one pure system.
The founding fathers were afraid to trust the common people with the right to vote. They didn't want mob rule and chaos. "Most of the Founders believed that property ownership was essential to good citizenship and therefore that only property owners should be able to vote. 'Property', in those days, also included slaves, of course, and half of the Founders were slave owners....The maintenance of power in the hands of the elite was further strengthened by who could vote. In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners." http://www.alternativesmagazine.com/22/lonsdale.html  What is your point?
The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men.  Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners.  What is your point?  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".
Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".  So what your saying is that we were not supposed to become a democracy and we are not a democracy, therefore we are exactly what we were meant to become. An interesting point of view.  I'd like to hear why you don't believe the US is a democracy at this time if those other ones you listed off were considered to be democracies. I do agree that the US was never meant to be a democracy but I disagree with you that the US isn't currently one.
I don't know about what anything is "meant" to be. I do know that "democracy" was never intended, or even wished, by the "founding fathers". The US was founded as a Republic, and remains a Republic.  To believe in democracy is to believe that every person is born free and entitled to everything that society has to offer, as long as they don't infringe on other's enjoyment of the same. Not because their biological parents accumulated wealth. Not because they have bombs or a military.  In the US, wealth is passed on to progeny instead of shared. Labour is valued by how much people can be starved into working. People die of starvation in the street, and a Freddy vs Jason movie is made with billions of dollars. Police arrest someone for stealing food or smoking a joint, and CEOs shake hands with politicians over billion dollar scams.  I believe that is an insane way to run a society. Neither is it an accident. Unfortunately, because if it were, it would be easy to correct in a peaceful manner. Instead, the US was created based on the idea that those who had should continue to have (regardless of how they came to have in the first place). The only way any "freedoms" have been won is with bloody battles, such as that for minimum wages (for "citizens"), or for the right of Black people to vote (on who the next dictator is).  The true democracy of the first "Americans" meant that everyone had a say in everything that affected them. That's democracy. Anything that would mess up your life you got a say in. Which is only right, IMO.
Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".  What about the 'we the people' business?     If you want more modern examples... I am aware that Switzerland was a Republic before you, and they are a confederation.
What about the 'we the people' business?  Well, the literal translation would be something more like "us and our friends".  You can't make much of a democracy from land stolen from an enslaved nation. It doesn't exactly lead to democracy usually.
I don't think you'll ever find a perfect society.  I am not essentially anti-USA, but I might seem to be because I am against hypocricy... and right now, republic or democracy you'r pretty much up to your ears in it with Iraq.  If someone said at the beginning of this thread that capitalism does suck, then I guess you wouldn't have to look to much further than this war for oil.
War for oil... please. emoticon_rolleyes
War for oil... please.  I know, Broker, it's just shameful. What an absurd thing to bomb people over. Can you believe people actually volunteer to put their lives on the line to fatten Bush and his friends' wallets?  How absurd.
I know, Broker, it's just shameful. What an absurd thing to bomb people over. Can you believe people actually volunteer to put their lives on the line to fatten Bush and his friends' wallets?  How absurd.  I believe that when you 'volunteer' to join the armed forces you're saying "Send me where ever, and I'll go"  It's not a debating society where they poll the soldiers which war they'd like to be involved in.  But yes, it's part of the "American Way". To be anti-war is deemed to be un-American.
I guess you wouldn't have to look to much further than this war for oil.  War for oil? What are we getting from Iraq's oil? Absolutely nothing. The money from the sale of Iraq's oil goes to the United Nations trust fund designated for the rebuilding of Iraq.
And according to that newest Iraq resolution Kofi Annan gets to decide who gets the contracts in Iraq.
The War for Oil....  "Oil is a consideration for nations considering joining in the fight if the United States goes to war in the Persian Gulf, because the day after Saddam is removed, the Iraqi oil industry is up for grabs.Of all of the reasons offered for removing Saddam, from terrorism to terrible weapons, oil is seldom mentioned. Yet critical to the American agenda is the fear an Iraq armed with nuclear weapons could dominated, or hold hostage a region through which flows an estimated 30 percent of the world's oil and natural gas" http://abcnews.go.com/sections/business/Nightline/NTL_oil_iraq_021004.html  http://www.spgb.org.uk/Iraq2.htm  http://www.thirdway.org/files/articles/iraqoil.html
Why don't you take a position and aruge it instead of linking around? I don't know what you're trying to say with those web sites... give something specific to argue.
Why don't you take a position and aruge it instead of linking around? I don't know what you're trying to say with those web sites... give something specific to argue.  I thought I did... that the USA went into Iraq for the oil. And somone else posted that they'd never heard such a thing. So, rather than just leave it on my own word... I linked a couple of sites that have ellaborated the argument.  But I repeat it here today, that the USA didn't go into to Iraq to 'liberate' Iraq. It was the oil you wanted. You couldn't get what you wanted because Iraq's economy was about to go bust from the Iran/Iraq war.  Over the years USA has interferred in Iraq, helping establish Sadaam (even before Iran posed a 'threat'). Iraq was part of CENTO, (the Central Treaty Organization), almost like NATO, but for the middle-east.  USA didn't care that he poisoned the Kurds, or minority groups in the south.  USA gave the greenlight for Iraq to invade Kuwait in the first place! http://www.chss.montclair.edu/english/furr/glaspie.html and http://www.rationalrevolution.net/invasion_of_kuwait.htm
We didn't help establish Saddam. The CIA assited in a coup that put his uncle into power. The CIA didn't help Saddam overthrow his uncle.  Actually, the US could just vote to end sanctions on iraq in the Security Council... we were the only ones stopping it. Supply wasn't an issue. It's absurd to say that we'll spend $200 billion in Iraq, and have our industry pay for $15 billion in oil infrastructure improvements... think of how absurd that is. The US cannot profit from Iraqi oil revenues, according to the resolution that gives us recognition in Iraq, which I have seen no one show that we've violated. Kofi Annan, under that same resolution, gets the final decisions as per who gets the oil contracts. Profit isn't the issue. What is the issue?  CENTO was created in 1954. emoticon_rolleyes It was barely alive when it was done away with completely in 1979.  Actually, one year after that we stopped our military support (which was already very, very, very small in the first place).  Please. Nothing more than conspiracy theories and spin on facts. We gave the go ahead for the invasion to spend billions of dollars when the economy was shaky and lost a few hundred men?
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.  I think you are probably right.
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.  Or at least eliminate some of the competition from the workforce.  (A bit callous I know.) War has historically assisted the economy although not completely. How many outstanding WWII debts are there? I believe only finland has repaid in full.
I think I posted this at another point on this thread but..............  The systems listed in the poll are not government systems but economic systems.
We didn't help establish Saddam. The CIA assited in a coup that put his uncle into power. The CIA didn't help Saddam overthrow his uncle.   Iraq has been cursed with unstable governments for half a century thanks to our policies. I would expect the people of Iraq to favor a Islamic State with strict Islamic Laws. This has been successful in Africa for restoring order. What a shame.  http://lists.econ.utah.edu/pipermail/rad-green/2003-April/008294.html   ...He regards Saddam as a deposed U.S. client in the mold of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos and former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega.  "We climb into bed with these people without really knowing anything about their politics," Morris said in an interview from Seattle where he is working on his book. "It's not unusual, of course, in American policy. We tire of these people, and we find reasons to shed them." ....  But even if the United States played no role in the rise of Iraq's Baath Party, experts say Washington has obviously had to confront unintended consequences of former U.S. policies -- including those of Bush's father, President George Bush, a former CIA director.  "There are always some unintended consequences. There were unintended consequences in World War One that brought the rise of Hitler," said Helmut Sonnenfeldt, guest scholar in foreign policy studies at the Brookings Institution and former NSC staffer.  The United States and other Western powers supported Saddam's regime during the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war, even after the Baghdad government used chemical weapons to kill thousands of Kurdish villagers in Halabja. ....
OK, you ask I answer. Before I get into a big debate with you I will ask YOU to define the two options presented. After reading those I will formulate my responce.
Falling,  You assume quite a bit about me! I asked the question out of pure curiosity. I did not, and do not, look to start a debate about capitalism and socialism in this thread. I wanted to know what you defined communism and socialism to be so that I knew where we were headed.  I will say that socialism is certainly better than communism. Look at the communist countries. The former USSR, Red China, former Germany, and others. None of them have a good record of immigration into thier countries, and all were known for their oppression of the people. One of the best illustrations of what communism does to a nation is seen in the Stalin regime.
Beware there Broker. I think I hear the capitalist argument starting. Falling has already said that he wants to avoid that debate in this forum. I don't think anyone would disagree that communism is worse than socialism. Would this be a correct assumption?
I haven't really payed much attention to this whole debate. Honestly I've only read the last few posts, but since I see some stuff about salaries and classes and such I figure I'll throw my two cents worth in. It's true, business execs earn $200,000; some much more, some less. But what about the folks who built the office building, for example. My bet goes that they work slightly harder than any business exec. I'd say that job is more physically and mentally demanding in its own respect. Take teachers for another example. We all know they are underpaid for the work they do. Business execs as well as street sweepers keep this country running on a day to day basis, but for some reason only one of the two ends up struggling. Who really needs $200,000 a year to live? Its awesome to have nice things, but there are only so many nice things you can buy before it turns into obsession, or just plain and simple greed. Plus, i hope this doesn't offend anyone, but business execs aren't worth that much more than street sweepers, or janitors.  Again, I don't know if that has anything to do with the current topic. That just seemed like the direction it was heading in.
There is now another thread to do the Capitialism v. Socialism debate. See you there! :D
I have lived the life of the small business starter. I went broke to start my own business and now I am making enough money to live something like comfortable. Why should I pay your hospital bill with the money I worked my backside off to earn? (Maybe this debate should be moved into the capitialism thread...hint, hint.)
Socialism takes about 85% taxes so they can give medcare that bites. communism, the govt. owns everthing. They LET you work THERE businesses and LET you get little money you get. I HATE both of them.
I want to comment on the original question.  According to Karl Marx socialism is stepping stone to reach the perfect - communism.  Large govt control forcing all to cooperate so that when people did cooperate large govt could disapear and the people live in communism.  Well that was at least the theory Marx came up with.
Karl Marx did not want the government to oppress the people either.  He did not like government. What he wanted is that people live in a community in which everyone is perfect.  But socialism in his view was the stage in which the few evil nonconformists would be weeded out or shown the "truth."
Right and that why the socialistic - communistic theories of Karl Marx are ridiculous.
I spoke a bit to broad.  I also agree with some welfare.  Such as the ones you pointed out.
You'd be good at the Pres debates! lol
You and I both agree on the subject, so I guess we'll just have to wait for fallingupwards! (Unless he's to scared to debate with us.):)
Does society have an obligation to help the wellbeing of its own members, or is it every man for themselves? I would hold that as we are a "society" we have to be concerned with the social part of it, and work to help everyone, rather than select, even talented, individuals or packs.
Sure, but unfortunantly too few joe blows are willing to give up money for the amount of billy boys there are, and its impossible to match up the willing joe blows with needy billy boys on a large scale, and often the joe blows who can afford to give (assuming they are willing) are not in contact with the billy boys who need the gift. If people, as a whole, were as altruistic and kind as you purport, government would be unnecessary, and we'd naturally become rather utopian in a pseudo communist sort of way. But we aren't that kind, thus the need for government mandate.
You missed the whole point of my story. I was not disgusted at the poor people I was disgusted at the government under a socialist mindset. I love poor people, heck I was one for a while (and really kinda still am).  Oh, you have a problem with Socialism? Is that so?
PLEASE JUST SHUT UP WITH THIS DEBATE!!!! EVERYTIME I COME TO THE GOVT. SECTION THIS IS WHATS ON IT!!!!!!
I guess they are all scared of you?  keep up the good work.
Risk is relative.  Most rich people have rich parents, who either give them money directly or promise an inheritance. Therefore, there isn't much risk in them squandering any amount of money on a bad deal.  Conversely, if a poorer person works all the way through school to get a teaching job, they have a lot more at risk. If they fail as a teacher they have no other options- one degree, one career. If they get fired or laid off, they won't have been able to save much to fund them looking for another job.
Social security is perfect example of runway state institution. Anyone who is under 30 years old right now is being scamed by the government.   The social security contract is that the citizens pay into the system. The state will manage your money for the duration of your working career. Then when you retire the government will take care of you by returning the funds you paid into it. Textbook socialist institution, where the govenment will take responsibility of your money, then responsiblity of you when you retire.  The scam is that anyone under 30, will have no funds waiting for them in the system 30 years form now. Due to the demograpics, the baby boomers are eating up all the social security funds. Those of us under 30 will not have enough younger workers around to support us, they way we support the baby boomers.
the only reason why the younger generations may not receive social security benefits is because republicans like George W keep cutting taxes. for some odd reason, republicans LOVE deficits and hate surpluses. dont ask me why. we had a surplus every year from 1998 to 2000 and then all of a sudden our friendly president george decides to enact a multi-trillion dollar tax-cut and we are in a deficit. way to go george. there went our surplus.  i'm sure every old person from the time of FDR to the present was very pleased to receive their social security check when they turned 66 years old. if we dont continue running on a deficit, then our generation will receive a check too. and who knows, you might really really NEED it. many old people use it to help pay for their prescriptions. its easy to condemn social security when you're young, but just you wait until retirement age.  if people continue to vote republican and we continue to have a budget deficit, then hopefully when we reach retirement age, the younger generation will pay for the checks that we receive. our generation is not nearly as large as the baby boomers either.
Originally posted by fallingupwards    i'm sure every old person from the time of FDR to the present was very pleased to receive their social security check when they turned 66 years old. if we dont continue running on a deficit, then our generation will receive a check too. and who knows, you might really really NEED it. many old people use it to help pay for their prescriptions. its easy to condemn social security when you're young, but just you wait until retirement age.    When FDR started social security he was betting that most americans would not be around to collect. The average life span at the time was below 66 years. Since then americans have been insulting the state and disrupting it's plans by not dying young enough.
Falling you propose to increase my taxes. Well then why don't just knock on my door and take the money out of my wallet. That is in effect what your propose.  Example:  (knock knock) Hello my name is Falling. I am here to help the poor. I am here to take your money.  At this point I start shooting and call 911 to arrest a thief.  VS.  (knock knock) Hello my name is Falling. I am here to help the poor. Can you help me?  At this point I decide if I want to. If I decide the cause is worthy I do.
i said that the reason why social security is in trouble is because taxes are being cut. we dont need to increase taxes to support social security. just dont run a deficit, and you will be fine.
Social security has been in trouble before GW was in office. This problem cuts across political parties.  If social security left me alone, I would do a better job of taking care of my own retirement.  In any case it is a broken institution. It is floundering now, in a few more years in will be completely dead broke. How do you fix it?  You can't. It has become a 2000 lb gorilla with a mind of it's own. Perfect example of what happens when government gets big. Give the government a little bit of authority and they don't give it back.
republicans have been spending money that has been reserved for social security for decades. dont you remember the 2000 election? al gore said he wanted to keep social security in a "lockbox" and not touch it. democrats want to leave the money alone, republicans want to spend it and give out tax cuts. common sense tells us that if you cut taxes AND spend money, there will be a deficit. why do republicans like deficits???  the next thing i say might be stretching it a little, but maybe its not too far off. i would not be surprised if republicans and conservatives WANT social security to be a failure. yes, you heard me right...they WANT it to fail. why? because if it works, then that is a score for big government. republicans spend money and make huge tax cuts in order to run a budget deficit. you cannot have your cake and eat it too. republicans seem to think you can. they live in a fantasy world.  even alan greenspan knows what the republicans are doing. i never would have guessed in a million years that greenspan would agree with the democrats. but he does now!! george w proposed another multi-trillion tax cut, despite the fact that we have a budget deficit!! greenspan said that this is a HUGE mistake and that cutting taxes during a deficit will take even more money from social security. i used to not like greenspan, but i respect him now. he is not blind to what the republicans are trying to do. he knows that huge tax cuts will increase the deficit and will take away from social security.
Hold it right there, Falling! We Republicans, with our huge taxes, have this habit of doubling Federal revenues. JFK was not a Republican, but he and Reagan had the right idea, and I think George does too. I think our governemnt should not ahvea surplus. If it does, too much of our money is being taken.   Social security is already a huge mess, and in California alone they are losing BILLIONS to fraud. It is time to reform our systems. This is why I like private investment accounts...
ok broker, if you dont like surpluses and if you like deficits then thats fine. but you and ur republican friends better be ready to accept responsibility if our generation does not get social security. democrats, for some odd reason:), dont like budget deficits. so its not our fault.   like i said, republicans do not want social security to work. they want it to fail. and they will do everything they can to make sure it does.
Our generation will hopefully be able to privatize social security. We only get back about 70% of what we pay in anyway. We are in wartime and just made a huge government shuffle. Now is the time to expect deficits...   Your last accusation is absurd.
I can not speak for the Republican party, but   suplus = taxation without representation  Another example:  (knock knock) I'm from the government, I am here to help. I have enough money, but give me more.  I do belive the GW tax cut is a farce. Not because it is a tax cut, but because it a tax cut on capital gains. Who made any real gains this year on the stock market? GW is flambozling tax payers, by make it sound like he really is helping people. I am willing to accept the idea that a tax cut at this moment is not a great idea, but if the government has enough it should not take anymore.  Greenspan? That is a Regan appointee...... Hmmm?
i know, doesnt that sound uncharacteristic for a reagan appointee? no tax cuts during a deficit? very un-reagan like
Consumers keep the economy going...giving them more money makes them spend.
Back to Social Security. First of all, there is no money in the fund, due to some leaders' 'brilliant' plan to use it to balance the deficit. Second, at the rate of the aging population, SS is in for a bumpy ride. Right now, 6-7 people support 1 retired person with SS. In about 20 years (don't remember exact #) it will be about 2 people for every retired person. Now that's going to be a big chunk of that pay check. And we won't even benifit for the $$ we're paying. Also, with SS, our generation (speaking for 14-24 year olds here) will be paying for the baby boomers. They, quite frankly, are a rather spoiled lot, if you don't mind me saying so. We'll be paying for everything. How are we going to support or families? More government $$? Where exactly is it going to come from?
Social Security should be an option. The government has no right to tell you what to do. Period.   Also, the government has no right to take 30% of your paycheck (income tax).
This is why I support private retirement accounts... if you start at 18 and retire at 62, you're going to have a lot of money whether you put it in stocks, bonds, or mutual funds. In the end, stocks always go up... usually by large margins. Even in some go sour... automatic sell orders, etc. The old system should still always be an option though.  You make good money when they're taking 30%... I would say they do have the right. That'd be over $150,000 income at least...
Yep... he's a socialist. And those protests are being put together by communists. You must be very angry...
there was a study on socialism done some 5 years ago; these scientists traveled the world to study the effects of socialism on society and other things relating to socialism.  a foreign embassador from the study (not sure what country) was at his last stop, the united states. after he finished he walked up to a congressman and stated that washington dc was the most socialist city in the world.  is demoracy a disguse?
Socialist systems or socialist behaviors?
systems mostlikely.
How so?
i can't recall where i saw this, all i know is that it was located inside of one of my dad's magazines... i will search his masive library for the article if you wish.
Protesting for Terrorism? Nah...protesting against that idiotic Dubya who says ticket counters fly out of airports. By the way, I believe Marx had good intentions, but the system just doesnt work.
pure communism and pure anarchy cannot exist... ever.
pure communism and pure anarchy cannot exist... ever.  Very true. Alos, I don't think pure democracy can ever succesfully exist either. All of you seem to be much more politically adept than I am, so someone please explain to me the difference between communism and socialism. I would be most grateful  "Pinko commies!" Sorry. That just seemed like Stormin's kind of quote.
pure democracy is IMPOSSIBLE  Except in small groups.
With that invention called the internet... it makes things like that a lot closer to being functional.
i stated this elswhere in the forum... don't remember where.  the u.n. was doing a world study of something that i don't remember, but it involved going to every capital city in the world. when it came time to visit washington d.c. (which was one of the last in the study) a russian, i believe, in the study, told a congressman that washington d.c. was the most socialist cities in the world.  sorry, i'm rust on explaining that story... most escapes me.
last time i explained this, i told everyone i would try and find the article... i have yet to find it. i will continue looking though. i believe it was in a magazine of mine. i didn't just pull this out of my XXX, i'm positive.
To an extent, there are in the early church, signs of communal ownership. The Book of Acts shows where money was pooled, and dished out by church officials on a needs basis.  Christ said "Blessed are the meek". Christ over-threw the money tables in the temple. Christ said the love of money is the root of all evil.  Christ said that we should feed the starving, visit the imprisoned, in general, to look after those in need.  Many people have tried to marry Christ's message to Communism.  Some points of difference exist. These are important. One being Christianity is actually more concerned about welfare in the next life. Communism makes claim only to the here and now.  Furthermore, Marxist communism is fairly atheistic. It believes that man is perfectible; that through class struggle we can obtain an earthly (worker's) paradise. Christianity says that man is a sinner, and can never, through his own efforts, achieve perfection.  As well...Christ frequently stopped his missionary work. He stopped tending to the poor, to go to pray. He did this because our ultimate goal is to be close to God. Trying to become more like God can manifest itself in doing good works, but the works themselves are not the ends.  I am politically left-wing. I believe that this is more 'Christ-like'. I have many difficulties though with my fellow left-wingers; mainly on issues of morality. Although I am tolerant (insofar as I don't advocate violence), I am not in that I will tell people that I believe that they are wrong.  Is it possible to be left-wing and Christian? Most 'Christians' seem to be politically right-wing.
To an extent, there are in the early church, signs of communal ownership. The Book of Acts shows where money was pooled, and dished out by church officials on a needs basis.  Christ said "Blessed are the meek". Christ over-threw the money tables in the temple. Christ said the love of money is the root of all evil.  Christ said that we should feed the starving, visit the imprisoned, in general, to look after those in need.  Many people have tried to marry Christ's message to Communism.  Some points of difference exist. These are important. One being Christianity is actually more concerned about welfare in the next life. Communism makes claim only to the here and now.  Furthermore, Marxist communism is fairly atheistic. It believes that man is perfectible; that through class struggle we can obtain an earthly (worker's) paradise. Christianity says that man is a sinner, and can never, through his own efforts, achieve perfection.  As well...Christ frequently stopped his missionary work. He stopped tending to the poor, to go to pray. He did this because our ultimate goal is to be close to God. Trying to become more like God can manifest itself in doing good works, but the works themselves are not the ends.  I am politically left-wing. I believe that this is more 'Christ-like'. I have many difficulties though with my fellow left-wingers; mainly on issues of morality. Although I am tolerant (insofar as I don't advocate violence), I am not in that I will tell people that I believe that they are wrong.  Is it possible to be left-wing and Christian? Most 'Christians' seem to be politically right-wing.   The perfect governmet for christians is theocracy. None exist anymore. This paralels communism but the chair person in communism becomes dictator, and the chair person in a theocracy is God. God through his preist governs the land and the disrubution of goods.
The perfect governmet for christians is theocracy. None exist anymore. This paralels communism but the chair person in communism becomes dictator, and the chair person in a theocracy is God. God through his preist governs the land and the disrubution of goods.  I don't mean to be pedantic. I believe that the most perfectable government for Christians would be theocracy.  As a Christian I understand that any government formed by man can never be perfect. Therefore even a theocracy is liable to have imperfection.  I do believe such a system is preferrable.  However at the end of the day; and this is why I'm not on protests all the time; the task for a Christian is to be closer to Christ. Some of this involves prayer and separation from the world.  This is why I think Christianity and Communism will always be divergent - their goals are too far apart.
A theocracy could use economic communism by controlling all the means of production in the nation.
A theocracy could use economic communism by controlling all the means of production in the nation.  This is very true.  I was wondering too when starting this post why it is that there seems to be a huge hatred between both camps.  I see a lot of born-again Christians who suck up to right-wing politicians who themselves are against social justice issues.  I guess I started this post in an attempt to raise discussion to show that left-wing politics are more Christian - with regards to life here on earth (although in the end their ultimate aims are different)
Liberation theology. They're christian communists.
Sure I guess in the end you can say 'yes' you can be Christian and Communist.  I guess I worded by questions incorrectly. I might have said "What are the difficulties that arise in reconcilling these two philosophies"  The major differences I find are a) the nature of man b) the desired ends   With a) Most communists seem to think that a perfectable society can come about. Most Christiasns seem to believe that such a spciety is impossible; owing to the fact that we are imperfectable (without God), ourselves  With b) Most communists look no further than an earthly goald Most Christians look to a goal not in this life but the next.   But what I would also like to know is why does it seem to be much easier to marry Christianity to conservative politicians?  I believe Christ came to upset the apple cart.
Hello everyone,  I am not an american, and I'm in a middle of discussion here about American democracy. It is believed that America is an example of democracy, human rights and freedoms. It is believed that American constitution is one of the most democratic. Is this true for in the 21st century? I know it started this way, but what is it like now? Is it still the same, or is it just an image, an appearance of democracy, but inside it's really not?   What do you think?
Hello everyone,  I am not an american, and I'm in a middle of discussion here about American democracy. It is believed that America is an example of democracy, human rights and freedoms. It is believed that American constitution is one of the most democratic. Is this true for in the 21st century? I know it started this way, but what is it like now? Is it still the same, or is it just an image, an appearance of democracy, but inside it's really not?   What do you think?  It all depends on how you view democracy. Its very, very hard to compare actual level of democracy when none seem to agree on what "rule of the people" actually means in practice..
OKay, here are some definitions. 1 a  : government by the people; especially : rule of the majority b : a government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised by them directly or indirectly through a system of representation usually involving periodically held free elections 2 : a political unit that has a democratic government 3 capitalized : the principles and policies of the Democratic party in the U.S. 4  : the common people especially when constituting the source of political authority 5  : the absence of hereditary or arbitrary class distinctions or privileges  source: www.m-w.com
Democracy is just mob rule by ballot. Mobocracy. Rule by the lowest common denominator. It is of course better than Totalitarianism but has been called an elective dictatorship. Dumbed down masses and people easily swayed by liberal rhetoric assures that very rarely do intelligent policies prevail.  Politicians prey on the public's gullibility and greed, invariably using taxpayers money to buy votes. Ideally there would be two planets. One for those who believe in big governement and one for those who support Capitalism as the two are mutually exclusive and there can be no reconciliation between them, only friction. Liberals cannot be reasoned with as this fora and all others so clearly illustrates. In fact liberalism is exposed as a mental illness, a malignant cancer on the body politic. Socialists and liberals need the Capitalist system to parasite off, but Capitalism does not need Socialism.  The governemnt that is big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take away everything you've got - and is in the process of doing just that.  A perfect example of the insanity of liberals is the anti war so called peace protests going on around the globe today. People are marching with Che Guevara posters, placards of Marx, the far left organise such marches and exploit our free society to undermine it. Terrorists exploit our freedoms to wage war against us. Many such terrorists are in London right now plotting the downfall of the West (whilst living off our insane welfare system) and the liberals are their useful XXXXXX, the so called intellectual foot soldiers who used to support the tyrannical Soviet system 20 years ago and are clearly still pining for it.  So I don't hold out any hope for our Democracy. It should be replaced by a free market Capitalist system,which upholds individual rights, with limited government shorn of its Socialist infrastructure. However MR Ukraine, I rather suspect that is not the answer you were looking for.
Monarchy; single ruler Oligarchy: rule by a select few Democracy: government by the people  The USA is republic (a form of democracy). Nowhere in our constitution will you find the word &#8220;democracy&#8221;. What we have is considered a democratic form of government, but is not a true democracy. There are safeties in place, such as the electoral college, to prevent "mob rule".  Our pledge of allegiance is, &#8220;I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic  for which it stands,&#8230;for all.&#8221;
However MR Ukraine, I rather suspect that is not the answer you were looking for. Nick, I am not looking for the specific answer, neither I have a correct answer. I just want to hear your opinions. See, we arguing are not americans. And it's not objective if we judge it upon our own presuppositions. Therefore I asked you. Actually, you had a profound answer. Kind of bitter, but I'm not going to judge your answers. Thanks for posting it. I am not even going to argue with any answers because I don't think I know enough to argue about american democracy.  Our pledge of allegiance is, &#8220;I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands,&#8230;for all.&#8221; Well see, "democracy" is not a form of government. So you can't pledge allegiance to something that's not government (a particular form of government).
Persoanlly, I think that America was at one time a lot more democratic than it is now. I think that the evolution of a two party system and large scale involvement of special interests in our political system has done great damage to democracy in AMerica.
...  Well see, "democracy" is not a form of government. So you can't pledge allegiance to something that's not government (a particular form of government).  As I listed in my first post on this thread, there are three forms of government, one of which is democracy. The USA is a democratic republic, a form of democracy wherein mob rule is prevented by certain measures that preclude "majority rule by votes" for some issues.  For example, bills in the House and Senate are subject to majority rule votes. In the Senate there are 100 senators, presided over by the Vice President. Should the senators which a 50/50 stalemate on any issue, the VP casts the deciding vote. This is an example of majority rule.  In the case of a constitutional amendment, 2/3 of the states must ratify it.  In the case of trial by jury, there are usually 12 jurors, ALL of which must vote the same in order to determine guilt or nonguilt.  And yes, our pledge of allegiance is to the flag AND the republic. The republic is most definitely a form of government. It is a form of government wherein the people govern themselves, therefore classified as a democracy.   Remember, there are only three forms of government. There are subforms within each of these three.
How does less regulation increase then number of companies?   Without strong regulation, what is stopping a company from simply stomping competitors out of the market and achieving government hands off monopoly?   Large corporations are essentially are a antithesistical system to capitalism. Companies such as walmart, Microsoft, Standard Oil and others have all sought to knock out competition by almost any means possible. Walmart practices a nasty form of competition removal by drastically lowering prices to decimate every competitor for 5 miles before jacking the prices up significently. I don't think anyone needs a lesson in how Microsoft operates. SO was notorious for buying out, illegally often, competitors.   Lots of regulation is obviously bad for captialism, but so is little regulation, it appears like everything in this world, that moderation must be achieved for a happy existance.
I don't think I asserted this, and I wouldn't say regulations...perhaps taxes.  You didn't. theLIBERTARIAN did.     Is this something you have seen before or is it something you believe will happen?   Alcoa, I believe, once had a fairly big share of the metal market, but there was always a competitor out there keeping Alcoa busy. Again, I can't, and I won't fight for copyright companies/issues.  Alcoa has been getting it's butt kicked not because of metal, but because of Glass and to a lesser degree Plastic (which is pretty funny in my opinion, considering they are cleaner indusries and Alcoa uses some pretty nasty process) Standard Oil has done what I said and Walmart tpyically resorts to methods that essentially stomp out all competition.    I don't see a capitalism definition as isolating to 'large corporations'.  Large corporations I see are those who actively attempt to keep competition low. Capitalism I see is the notion of a free market, where it is easy for compeititon to arise, and a large number of competitiors exist in a certain market.    Many businesses do this, I think it's just a matter of competition. If they all just had the same prices, then they wouldn't compete.  Such as? I haven't heard of any other business that artifically lowers it's prices, even to the point where it is taking a substantially loss, to get rid of all compeitition then raising prices drastically. Their ability to absorb losses better then mom and pop allows them to dumb products at abnornmally low prices.   [qupte] I don't agree with Microsofts right to an idea. Although you can quote that as a negation to regulation in my books.[/quote]  Such as patenting "Window?"   I don't like vague ideals, as they are often dangerous. If they can be defined and looked at they can be proven and supported. I'd much rather hold the skeptical view, which is force is unneccessary.  What forms of regulation do you support?
I will say, I don't typically venture into the evils of business. Your thoughts are always welcomed.  Well, there is a first for everything.    Well, see here's where I'm sure you understand the practical nature of all this. I got to say that corporations are generally needed in the economy, just for the reason that many industries/people depend on a highly productive/financed business. Many small business fall short of our current paradigm.  I don't have a problem with the idea of a corporation, but many modern corporations have systems that are dubious in the realm of ethics. However, many are very clean, such as Costco. Heck they opened a gas station that was a 5-10 cents cheaper and none of the gas stations around have gone out of business, and that was a 18 months ago! Now, walmart opened up a store in my state and within several months virtually every smaller store that competed with them went out of business because of their activities in a 5 mile radius. The idea of a corporation is not inherently bad, it is their activites in terms of competition that warrant the evil/good labels. Yes, most small businesses fail, but that doesn't mean that small business is a bad idea. For at least half of America's history, the country was dominated by small business.    It's like Jefferson saying farming should be the primary nature of America, it just isn't that simple. But yeah, many corporations want to get rid of competition.  Life is never that simple, but it would be interesting to see most large corporations embrace true capitalism.    Hell, my buddy sells furniture from China to contractors, and it's cheaper then chips. *overemphasis* This guy will out sell anyone around here, and it shows in pocketbook. He plans to run a bank in the next 20 years. I'm sure he will.  That is a truer capitalism then big business runs.    Although I will note that many of the advantages he holds is by virtue of the Chinese government...even though I might conceive them as vices.  ahhahaha. That's pretty funny.    You got it.  Thank someone for the rationality of the courts. It's bad enough that Trump wanted to patent "you're fired," and the hoax of Metallica wanting to patent the key "G," but c'mon what is wrong with this system?    On business in general:  *Regulations on nucleur facilities/possible military weapons systems. Just to make sure they're not used for ill-purposes domestically.  Alright. Sounds reasonable.    *A general regulation that forbids any 'forced' labor on children. I believe they should be able to work, I just don't think they should be forced. I just don't think of children as slaves. I'm sure most of you will agree.  Hmmm. Forced as in? Family needs the money, so the kid has to work? Or completely voluntary?    *All 'objective' harm to the enviroment e.g oil spills as theLibertarian was referring to.  Most rational people won't disagree with this one.   *Absolutely no government subsidies in the private sector or laws favoring business enterprises. Ain't that a kicker for regulations. Is this one? hmmm  How about for education? I don't have problems with government research funds to universities, private or public, considering that we need the research they are doing, even if it is run like a business. That's probably the only exception to the subsidaries I can think of.
They could always chose to stay with the small shops.  What is amazing, and incredibly saddening is that price is more important than anything else. Wal-mart has used Chinese prison slave labor, child sweat shops, sexist policies, and other very dubious acts, but people still choose them over more ethical competition because of price. Morals and ethics are chump change when it comes to low prices.    Give technology a little more time, and you might see something special.  We'll see.  As in the kid does it voluntarily.  That would be hard to prove though. A kid could simply lie to you out of fear.   Then again, I don't think that's conceivable if not pooled into the general funds;  It's not. Education, from K-12 and higher is incredibly expensive. Most private schools and universities live on the donations of their alumni. My private highschool was short $2,000 after tuition. $60 million short every year.
 Eminent Domain is the Constitution, and is a method for the state to take land and use it for their purposes. I don't mind that usually, but many times the cities will use this authority to take land (usually from the smaller business person) and give it to Costco.  Many cities have taken it a step further. Cities have enacted legislation that permits the creation of Redevelopment Agencies. These agencies typically take land (the pay fair market value or more of course) and sell it to a larger corporation. I have yet to see these agencies take land from a Large Corporation like Costco and give it to the small companies.    Our city just settled an eminent domain lawsuit (in favor of the original land owner) that was seven years old. There are three other lawsuits pending on the same issue, property valuation. Redevelopment agencies actually have the ability to pay assessed value for property condemned under eminent domain legislation, disregarding market prices 'for the good of the community'. When the property owner files a lawsuit to recover the difference between assessed and market value (the assessed valuation can't be accepted by the property owner as it constitues acceptance of the terms), the public agency merely uses its deep pockets to drag it out until the property owner is financially ruined and settles for peanuts. The old adage of 'You can't fight city hall' has become even more of a truism now that they have virtually unlimited empowerment to take private property and ruin the property owner in the process.
 Maybe we should do a pole and find out what kind of cars everyone drives. I have a large Ford Diesel truck, a Dodge Full Size Van and a Saturn.  We have a German family car, I drive a Japanese p/u truck and have three much older American hobby trucks. I haven't purchased a US marque vehicle in many, many years, primarily due to low quality and poor resale value. I buy for quality and find few American made products that measure up to imports, as US companies cut quality in attempts to make up the difference in labor/benefits/compliance in cost of goods. As an example, Chinese bearings are now the world standard. If you want a US made bearing, it has to be special ordered and costs double the imported product. I find that typical in most product lines. We now live in a world economy.   I wouldn't be quite so harsh on emerging industrial nations. Considering that it hasn't been all that long ago that we used children for manufacturing labor and women had no legal rights added to the fact that it was only 40-years when ago we segregated our public schools, it does sound a little righteous.
ps: The prisons in our state now compete with private industry in everything from body work to graphics and printing. Using prison labor paid pennies per hour.
If it makes you feel better, I don't shop with them. Probably because I don't have one around, but I guess you can say I'm not much of a consumer...I don't believe it's the 'American way'.  Consumerism is quite disturbing. Ethics and morals all go out the window when the right price comes around.    Well, your thinking with a given market of a few. Public school is monopoly, and the price is way out of line according to the real demand. I'm quite sure that it would adjust accordingly...hell, if one could afford a computer, then one can afford an education via online.  Public school isn't a real monopoly. You don't HAVE to go to public school, you can be homeschooled as well as private.   Education online? For elementary students? Is that such a good idea?
Even libertarians must keep in mind the existence of natural monopolies, that is, monopolies such as power plants, roads, etc. that can not be efficient and competitive at the same time. I personally believe that these monopolies should be state-owned, and these should be the only state-owned businesses, and the private sector should encompass all that is competitive.
Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   A common misconception is that less taxes means more jobs. This is wrong, because the government creates jobs to. Every tax dollar goes towards creating jobs in one way or another. Some of it creates jobs directly (teachers, policeman, etc), and some of it goes back into the private economy via government contracts.   If a country has to much socialism, then the country goes into a steady decline. However if the country has to much capitolism, then it inevitably goes into a depression. Therefore you cant have to much of eithier one. The US economy is bending a bit more towards capitolism then socialism, and as a result, our economy is instable. It traditionally has had high booms, and low recessions (outsourcing may mean the age of booms is over). A fairly socialist country like Canada however, has a very level economy.  The reasons for this are: Socialism ensures that the economy will always have a core spending population. This assists the private economy by making sure that there will always be steady number of consumers, but it also saps the private economy at the same time because of its steep taxation. In Canada, this socialism has made sure that the economy is almost always ok (as opposed to good or bad).  Capitolism however, allows most of the economy to go into private industry. Private industry is always a risky thing, so therefore it goes up and down.   In a dollar to dollar ratio, Socialism is far more effective at creating jobs because:  There is no outsourcing, and there isnt a bunch of executives (and stock holders) at the top soaking up vast amounts of the companys income for personal use.   I would argue that a stable ok economy (that has little or no unemployment), is better then a floppy instable economy like ours.
Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   A common misconception is that less taxes means more jobs. This is wrong, because the government creates jobs to. Every tax dollar goes towards creating jobs in one way or another. Some of it creates jobs directly (teachers, policeman, etc), and some of it goes back into the private economy via government contracts.   If a country has to much socialism, then the country goes into a steady decline. However if the country has to much capitolism, then it inevitably goes into a depression. Therefore you cant have to much of eithier one. The US economy is bending a bit more towards capitolism then socialism, and as a result, our economy is instable. It traditionally has had high booms, and low recessions (outsourcing may mean the age of booms is over). A fairly socialist country like Canada however, has a very level economy.  The reasons for this are: Socialism ensures that the economy will always have a core spending population. This assists the private economy by making sure that there will always be steady number of consumers, but it also saps the private economy at the same time because of its steep taxation. In Canada, this socialism has made sure that the economy is almost always ok (as opposed to good or bad).  Capitolism however, allows most of the economy to go into private industry. Private industry is always a risky thing, so therefore it goes up and down.   In a dollar to dollar ratio, Socialism is far more effective at creating jobs because:  There is no outsourcing, and there isnt a bunch of executives (and stock holders) at the top soaking up vast amounts of the companys income for personal use.   I would argue that a stable ok economy (that has little or no unemployment), is better then a floppy instable economy like ours.  I don't think our economy is a good example of anything when abnormal military expenditures and excessive public debt are mixed into the definition.
I don't think our economy is a good example of anything when abnormal military expenditures and excessive public debt are mixed into the definition.  In the way I was phraseing, I meant that it was a good example of what happens when you practise a certain economic stradegy. This does not in anyway mean, that I think it is a good economy. If we are to interpret a good economy merely by its wealth, then we have the best economy in the world. However, if we are to interpret a good economy by the prosperity of the people who live in it, were are only mediocore (a great deal of our wealth is absorbed by the upper class).
In the way I was phraseing, I meant that it was a good example of what happens when you practise a certain economic stradegy. This does not in anyway mean, that I think it is a good economy. If we are to interpret a good economy merely by its wealth, then we have the best economy in the world. However, if we are to interpret a good economy by the prosperity of the people who live in it, were are only mediocore (a great deal of our wealth is absorbed by the upper class).  Agreed. The lower class also fails to realize that with a volunteer military at war they become the sole source of cannon fodder and that the wealthy pay disproportionate taxes for legislation to contain the lower and middle classes by duping them with the American Dream.
Now for the truely interesting debate. Am I being a devils advocate? emoticon_confused
Now for the truely interesting debate. Am I being a devils advocate? emoticon_confused  Not from my viewpoint, but flag wavers who support current US administration policies tend to avoid economic discussions for obvious reasons. Throw in some religious morality, political labels, deny end justifying the means philosophy and you can fulfill your namesake role.
All being said, the only real differences in economic models between Canada and the US are  1 Public corporations, certain industries have a high share of government ownership in Canada. Generally in industries that will likely have a natural monolpoly, like electrical distribution, water and sewer services, and in some provinces electrical power generation. At times certain industries had a government owned company in the field, most notably Petro Canada, since sold and Air Canada, also sold and having since gone bankrupt. Petro Canada was used to insure that Canadian oil would have at least one major (for Canada) oil company. Air Canada, probably needed during the begining of the airline industry in Canada, but that god it was sold  2. Social services, most notably health care. Health care in Canada for the most part is strongly controlled by the government and provides generally equal care for all but the wealthy (who if needed will travel to the US for more expensive care in a private hospital). Overall I view social services (excluding health care) as have being somewhat excessive during the 80's and early 90's, causing a disincentive for people to work. This has changed while still providing for most of the people who really need it. We still have homelessness, and with the very fast rise in housing values during the last 8 years or so, it has increased quite a bit. Calgary having built two new and large homeless shelters ( Very nice looking buildings) that can house a few hundred homeless at a time still has people sleeping on the streets.  The Canadian governments involvement in the economy has not helped Canada's economy remain stable, it has been the US governments involvement in the economy that has created the strong economic conditions in Canada. The loose economic policies along with the overvalued dollar in the US during the last 8 years has allowed Canada to form an overall trade surplus ( mainly with the US).   Socialism, or social welfare when set a high level destroys the profit motive which generally causes people to inovate to reduce costs and create new products. This lack of inovation will lead to an overall stagnation in an economy, desptite any good intentions.  The US however has become to short sighted for its own good. It government and many corporations are looking at short term profits instead of long term sustainablity of the economy or of the company. It would appear that the core economic activity in the US is now Short term enjoyment for long term pain.  DA, your idea of a stable economy with limited ups and downs is the mantra of almost all governments including the US. Greenspan has been pumping money into the US economy in order to prevent an obivious recesion, the federal government is borrowing money at very high levels in order to keep America working. They have been doing this since the internet bubble burst and will by all accounts continue untill China and Japan say stop.  As a side note, untill recently ( last 10 years) as America goes Canada goes. When the US economy was doing well, the Canadian economy was doing well. The bubble of the internet and tech industry changed that initially ( the effects of the bubble still has not hit the US the way that it will) Now China's growth is also changing the dynamics.
The US however has become to short sighted for its own good. It government and many corporations are looking at short term profits instead of long term sustainablity of the economy or of the company. It would appear that the core economic activity in the US is now Short term enjoyment for long term pain.   I would have to argue that short-term results have, since the remarkable US prosperity following WW2, always driven US corporate performance. During my corporate tenure quarterly and annual results were all that really counted. Five-year plans were always in place, but the here and now commanded most assets. There have always been the giants who placed reserves and future planning on an equal plane with current business, but for the most part public companies worshiped equity market demands.   The composition of most public companies places a high demand on ability to secure debt for capitalization and operating purposes. The majority of that debt, especially revolving lines of credit and bond issues, is based on equity position, determined by balance sheet stock (ownership) value driven by quarterly and annual earning statements. Maintaining that value is the primary responsibility of all corporate officers. During times of high prosperity, not a difficult job. During declining prosperity, as evidenced by massive corporate fraud primarily motivated by false earnings statements over the past few years, the men are separated from the boys and crooks.   I offer no excuses for the cyclical management style of US public corporations, I'm just pointing out that there hasn't really been any real change in management style, just that the US lost world industrial dominance and is now paying the piper for extended, explosive growth without an eye to the future. I could expound on the influence of massive equity funds driving corporate earnings encouraged by government using dimwitted investor pre-tax money to drive a transaction oriented economy, but that's a different topic.
I fully agree, which is why I put the government first in that list. A good government understands short term policies at the expense of long term growth is poor for a nation.  During the Reagan years, who at the time I thought was a good president with good economic policies ( understand that I was still in elementary school when Reagan was elected). The government lost this perspective for long term economic policies. This is generally expressed by the growth in the trade deficiet, and the change from America being a creditor nation to a debtor nation. Suprisingly enough no government since then has made any attempts to change this shortsightedness. The only thing that I believe the PNAC crew that leads GWB is good for is their long term thinking ( admitedly as poor in execution it appears)  This I believe will lead to the Argentinafication of the US.
I fully agree, which is why I put the government first in that list. A good government understands short term policies at the expense of long term growth is poor for a nation.  During the Reagan years, who at the time I thought was a good president with good economic policies ( understand that I was still in elementary school when Reagan was elected). The government lost this perspective for long term economic policies. This is generally expressed by the growth in the trade deficiet, and the change from America being a creditor nation to a debtor nation. Suprisingly enough no government since then has made any attempts to change this shortsightedness. The only thing that I believe the PNAC crew that leads GWB is good for is their long term thinking ( admitedly as poor in execution it appears)  This I believe will lead to the Argentinafication of the US.  During the Regan years our manufacturing industry still had enough sophistication and remaining markets to respond to a tax cut. Unfortunately, the somewhat limited general public has been led to believe that tax cuts are good, not understanding that if they don't recapture lost tax revenue and contribute new wealth to a nation they're failures. That was a brief 'last harrah' of new wealth entering the US and we've since been concentrating on shedding our wealth through trade deficits and military spending, using unreasonable public debt to meet operating expenses.   I hope our decline is as cushioned as that of Argentina. We seem determined to further alienate our creditors and the rest of the international community by our military aggression in forcing our ideology on smaller nations unable to defend themselves. The current US economic structure is so large and so heavily dominated by consumer and government spending that a gradual standard of living reduction in lower and middle classes might be very difficult to achieve.
 Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   There are so many types of socialism that blanket statements like the above are kinda inaccurate. There are also varients of capitalism.  Not all socialism controls everything.
As a red blooded american (didn't the soviets call themselves red-blooded too right?) I despise communism in all forms (except chinese communism which supplies us with cheap goods) but since i am creating some abrasion in socialist britain where i currently live i wish to learn more about the principals of marxism so i can understand what i hate. thanx  LOL. Okay buddy, first of all Communism has never been tried anywhere in the planet during any era. Second of all, China wasn't never Communistic, but Maoist and now is basically a mix of heavy state control and basic capitalism with little worker, consumer and enviromental protection laws. The USSR was never communist either, but Stalinist and Leninst.   Of course that doesn't mean it will work, Communism, opposed to communism is anti-human behavior. Lower case communism is how most people refer to Communism but don't exactly understand the differences.  First of all Communism is basically rule by the poleterian (worker), not rule by a few central people like Lenin, Stalin, Mao, and a few others.   Second Communism requires a completely different mindset then the one capitalistic countries grew up with. There is no sense of private ownership, but complete public ownership. It's not easy to understand or conceptualize in the beginning. communism in practice had public property for the majority, and wealth and private for the ruling class.   Third, everyone is basically trying to look out for everyone else. Once again, very contrary to cutthroat capitalism. To each their own, meaning everyone produces for the good of the entire community. If you need 5 loaves of bread for your family, you get 5, and if you need 2, you get two, regardless of your personal productivity. Hence why the entire idea of Communism is anti-innovation.
What do you want to know about marxism? It`s a rather huge subject, so perhaps if you where more specific, I, or someone else, could try to help you out.
Duo Maxwell- What you seem to be saying is that Communism works well in theory, on paper. The problem is the world doesn't exist on paper. It is not simply  a problem with the way it was "interpreted," it is inherent problems with the idea itself.  I don't think so. Communism will work: just not with humans. Communism would require a species that is inherently alturistic, which obviously excludes us. The closes thing we got to Commnusim is alturistic societies in the Andes, and even then it doesn't work that well. But the point is communism would require a completely different mindset.
Pardon what may come across as rude but-- whoop-dee-doo. It doesn't really matter if it could work with non-humans does it?  Yes it does matter. Many opponents declare that Communism is a failed system that can never work. I disagree, it can work, it just requires a foregin, if not alien mindset, hence why it will not work in humans, but to clarify that isn't entire correct. We do have instances of alutristic communism in some tribes in the Andes which have suvirved for thousands of years. they are technologically backwards, but that is expected with Communsim. However, on the whole it won't work with humans, but that does not mean the system is absolutely flawed.  I realize the differences between Communism and Capitalism, as well as their impacts upon government social structures.
Yes i know that China and russia were never communist but they were covered as that under a blanket statement Lenin adapted his ideas from communism and Mao adapted his ideas from the U.S.S.R and to you eddie i wanted to know anybodys opinions and their reasons for their opinion  I find the neo-marxist approach to political science interesting and useful. Largely because it accuratly describes and accounts for certain important underlying structures of our contemporary world. It is also flecxible enough to apply to more than just issues concerning economic classes.  I find marxist approach to economics interesting from a historic point of view, but not that useful. Basicly that is because many of the assumptions and predictions marxism made has since been falsefied and I have yet to see any rendition of the theories of old into anything useful.  I find Communism, as a state-less utopia based on solidarity and community, void of property ownership and class conflict a beutiful idea. But I don`t think it can be achieved through pursuing the socialistic state of pure governmental ownership of the means of production. In fact, I`m quite sceptic that it ever can be achieved (regardless of how you pursue it)  I find the stalinist and maoist attempts to interpret marxism and apply it to the real world one of the largest attrocities commited throughout modern history. Not only to the hundreds of thousands in the Gulabs and chinese prisons or the millions of victims of starvation or political violence, but also to all of those who actually believed in the proletarian revulotion and where sourly dissapointed when they found themselves slavering in the iron-mines i Kaukasus or working in the rice-fields with a gun-barrel as the only motivation for working harder.  I find Socialism, as a practice of democratic ownership of means of production and re-distribution of resources from the more productive or wealthy to the less productive and poor as a good tool to build a succesful society. But as with any tool, it shouldn`t be used in every situation, but only when and where appropriate. When using the tool of socialism, you are most often distorting the effects of the other tools of market forces. This needs to be considered as the market forces have one important attribute, efficiency.   There`s a summarise of my oppinions and reasons for having them. How do you feel about marxism, socialism and communism, and why?
 I find Socialism, as a practice of democratic ownership of means of production and re-distribution of resources from the more productive or wealthy to the less productive and poor as a good tool to build a succesful society. But as with any tool, it shouldn`t be used in every situation, but only when and where appropriate. When using the tool of socialism, you are most often distorting the effects of the other tools of market forces. This needs to be considered as the market forces have one important attribute, efficiency.    I like your definitions, agree that Marxism and various interpretations of same are doomed to failure for the stated reasons and would like to take the issue of socialism in developed nations to a question point:  The degree of distortion enabled by socialism and other market forces is always the key to a successful mix of contemporary governing processes. Most nations went from modern feudalism to common land ownership only in the past 4-500 years as a means of broadening tax bases to facilitate so-called public services such as national military forces and infrastructure improvements. Direct public services to individuals, limited socialism combined with capitalism for my point, is very recent, prompted by the industrial revolution enriching a limited number of nations to a point where tax revenue was directed at social engineering. As those nations now show very definite signs of economic maturity to a point where limited efficiency can no longer support ever increasing demands of socialism, what's the next step in restoring a balance? Or will any change be dictated by market forces?
I like your definitions, agree that Marxism and various interpretations of same are doomed to failure for the stated reasons and would like to take the issue of socialism in developed nations to a question point:  The degree of distortion enabled by socialism and other market forces is always the key to a successful mix of contemporary governing processes. Most nations went from modern feudalism to common land ownership only in the past 4-500 years as a means of broadening tax bases to facilitate so-called public services such as national military forces and infrastructure improvements. Direct public services to individuals, limited socialism combined with capitalism for my point, is very recent, prompted by the industrial revolution enriching a limited number of nations to a point where tax revenue was directed at social engineering. As those nations now show very definite signs of economic maturity to a point where limited efficiency can no longer support ever increasing demands of socialism, what's the next step in restoring a balance? Or will any change be dictated by market forces?  I think the biggest threat (and best hope) for socialism we currently have is the perception of a globalizing economy where impeded capital movements will force countries to compete with eachother in order to attract foreign investments and retain domestic investments. This perception, while largely unfounded, has given even the more socialistic governments in europe an argument, or scapegoat if you will, to use in order to motivate unpopular cuts in social spending and reforms of corrupt and broken systems. If used correctly, it could be used to reform the vast social safety nets to become more efficient, more consistent, less exploitable and perhaps even less generous. What this would mean is probably quite country specific. For Germany it could mean a reform for the labour market. In France it could mean a reform of the agricultural and "small-town" polycies. In Denmark, Sweden and Norway it could mean lower but more enforced taxes, less and more monitored transfers and more emphasize on governmental production of goods and services. In the US it could perhaps mean a reform of the transfer and labour systems that results in a large dependant class. Simply put; the globalization card could be played to achieve political support for un-popular reforms that would restore the efficiency of the various polito-economic systems we have throughout the western world. It could also be used in order to moderate the increasing demand for governmentally produced services that doesn`t improve productivity as fast as the industrial production.   Or perhaps the new wave of information technology will deliver some form of sollution where governmental services could improve productivity as fast as the private manufacturing sector. Allthough I strongly doubt it.
On top of everything else, this kind of thing isn't wholly Marxism either.   True, it's not, but it is far closer then what the USSR or China got to.  Marxism as a pure idea doesn't have flaws. When it is applied to humans, then it is us who have the flaws. That doesn't make us inherently bad, but merely that the idea cannot be practically applied to us.
You obviously didn't see my two examples. These are only two among many. Have you read Marx? It doesn't sound like it. It sounds like you have heard Marx through someone elses perspective and just taken that on. But if you have and you thought it was flawless and perfect than you are looking at it through extremely rose-colored glasses. You are not being realistic.  One could make the argument that Marxism as a theory lacks apparant flaws in its internal logic and therfor is theoreticly flawless. And that the problem arise when trying to explain, apply or compare reality with the marxist theory as it doesn`t describe the reality accuratly. This is more or less true for any economic, political, sociological, historic or philosophical theory.
Pardon me, but so what if it lacks flaws in its internal logic.   A theory should at least be expected to have a consistent internal logic. Otherwise, the theory is in bug trouble.   You say that the problem arises when trying to apply it to reality. Well, what does any "economic, political, sociological, historic, or philosophical theory" matter if one can't apply it to relaity.  They matter because they may be applicable to a certain extent and they may explain certain phenomenons. I can`t think of a single large theory that describes social phenomenons completly accurate in every situation.  That is their purpose. If you can't apply them, then they are useless. They aren't meant to be little entities unto themselves.   This I agree with. But marxist theory can still be applied to certain situations and "succesfully" explain situations or phenomenons. You just can`t build a system of it (and once again I can`t think off a single theory or ideology that could be used to construct a perfect society)   What matters is that it was meant to, and has been, applied to governmental systems-"reality"-and it doesn't work.   Not really. There are many other uses of marxist theory than to simply create a society with the communist manifesto as a blue-print.  And, because I apparently need to state this in every post, it isn't just because humans are flawed, it is because the theory is flawed.  Ah, yes, once again I agree. It is flawed for that particular purpose of creating a society based on its assumptions and conclussions.
It sounds like you have heard Marx through someone elses perspective and just taken that on.  I had it taught to me by a US professor (vastly conservative too) who specalization in European history was Russia.   But if you have and you thought it was flawless and perfect than you are looking at it through extremely rose-colored glasses.  Everything is flawless and perfect as a idea. It is just when it is applied that everything hits the fan. every idea will work in a system that supports it. Obviously that system isn't here, nor will ever be.   You are not being realistic. You also have apparently ignored the rest of my post.  The rest of your post was irrevelant because it has no bearing upon the idea. Not to mention it was silly.
Yes, yes I know, I was merely trying to say that it is useless if it only  has internal logic.  Yeah, most certainly is.   I never said it can't be applied to any situation or phenomenon. If you go back and read one of my posts, you will see I have already conceded that. I never said it should apply to all situations either. I have only been discussing its use as a governmental system.  I know you have. I tried to point out what Duo_Maxwell might have meant with his claim that marxism is flawless while humans have flaws that makes communism fail.  It wasn't merely the Communist Manifesto that was important. In fact, it's probably the shortest thing Marx ever wrote. The problem is, most people have heard only  of the Communist Manifesto. So, people haven't used just this  writing in attempting to create new societies. This may sound like a tedious point, but I just wanted those who may not know about these things to know.  Yeah, I wonder if there is a relation between "being the shortest piece of writing" and "the most commonly read/heard of"... I assert that humans are by nature lazy :p   But this is important to discuss because (despite its other aforementioned uses) this was its original sole  purpose. Its other uses have been added as time goes by. So, if we are discussing its use in creating a society/government, this is the purpose we should be discussing.  I wouldn`t be so quick to assign puposes to Marx writings. Sure, he was an "activist writer", but I`ve always seen Marx and Engels as more critics of the economic system of their time than advocates for a certain political system. Marxism in its early days was far more concerned with tearing down than building up. But that`s perhaps just nit-picking. I get your point about it being an important issue, to which I agree to a certain extent. But I don`t think anyone in here has actually advocated marxism as the perfect blueprint for our societies...  Marxism has a logic flaw, though. It assumes that the proletarians - a group of people - behaves like a sovereign individual.    Logic flaw perhaps. But not an internal logic flaw. There is nothing in Marx`s writings that contradict the assertion that there is a form of class interest.  Allthough I`m fairly inclined to agree with Marx on this point. Class-interests are indeed on of the more important interests in political and economic life. Even though I wouldn`t go so far to claim that it is the "mother of all interests".  This is something that can work in reality: < Joe becomes dictator of the world and kills everbody else. < There is no one left to use force against Joe, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  This is Marxism in bullets: < Proletarians hijack the state and use it to destroy the bourgeoisie < With the bourgeoisie gone, there is no one to oppress the proletarians, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  The problem with Marxism is that it fails to recognize that proletarians can oppress other proletarians. Collective groups do not function unanimously, especially a group so large as the proletarians. A proletarian can use force against another proletarian.  Why do you think Marx believed that the state would wither and die? Because the existance of the state creates yet another master class, the political class. This class would naturally oppress the proletariate which in turn would lead to classwarfare which would end with the emancipation of the proletariate.  Now, I don`t believe this is how things "must" go (or even will go), but there is nothing in your description of the reality or future that contradicts Marx`s ideas at this point.
What I understand about Marxism is that when the proletarians establish their dictatorship, they will abolish their own superiority as a class and thus the state will disappear.  No. When the burgoise state is overthrown, a proletarian government would be erected. A government that would nationalise the means of production, abolish priviledges of class, religion, gender etc. This government would act in the interest of the proletariate, as the proletariate would control it through direct democracy. However, as time progresses, the state will eventually breed a new class with interests of their own. The political class, a new master class. This class would oppress the interests of the proletariate in order to pursue their own interests. Therefor, Marx reasoned, man can only be emancipated once the state has withered and died. Only then can man be free from oppression.
Michael Gorbachev said that the only model of true Communism exists in the State of Israel. The United States has supported Israel since its inception in 1947. This means that since 1947 the United States has supported what Gorbachev said was true Communism. After 58 years of support for a Communist Nation, Israel, it would seem reasonable to say that it is U. S. Government Policy to support Communism.
Did he? do you have any quote? I know that the zionistic movement had some marxistic leanings (the kolschoz (sp?) comes to mind) and that USSR was very quick to accept Israel as a soverign nation, but I have never heard that Gorbatjov viewed the Israeli society as particulary aligned with communism or marxism.
Another problem with some of Marx's theories is that he believed the only path to a communist society is through a revolution of some sort.   I kind of follow the Bernstein or Fabians route that the road to a Socialist system can be achieved by Political and social reform , basically small gradual steps to a more fare and equal society rather than bloody revolution that causes more problems than it solves.  On the issue of whether the USSR was a true Communist state(is there such a thing as a communist state, I thought communism was a society where a state would not exist) I would agree with Trotsky view that the USSR was degenerated workers state controlled by undemocratic means. A democracy is necessary for socialism, he also stated that the only way that this state would be overthrown is by a 2nd revolution or if it reverted to capitalism.   Some people also say that the reason that the Socialist revolution failed in the USSR and created a degenerated workers state is that a Socialist revolution occurred in a Underdeveloped Country instead of a fully developed Capitalist Country that had the resources in place that could be brought under the control of the workers, Because Russia did not have these resources in place at the time it was easy for an Authoritarian Ruler such as Stalin to take control and replace a uncertain Socialist Democracy with the focused boot heel of a Dictatorship.
This is truly one of the most idiotic "FAQs" I have ever seen.   Though when I say idiotic I really mean "dishonest".   And when I say "FAQs" I mean piles of steaming turd.  You appear to have cut and pasted this from a website created by a 15 year old. http://members.tripod.com/~antilemming/main.htm in 1997.  Although you have taken out the bit about how maybe Stalin didn't really kill many people.  Q: Didn't Stalin kill millions of people? A: Maybe. We have only been told what the capitalist class wants us to believe. Ask yourself two questions. If Stalin had really purged his officer corps in the 1930s, how was the Soviet Union capable of winning WWII? (The Soviets lost more than twenty times as many fighters as did we Americans.) If the Soviet Union had been unable to win in WWII, what would your world be like now?  I am astounded by the logic.  In the original FAQ, China and Vietnam are also identified as "successful socialist states", and North Korea as a "socialist state", along with glorious Cuba.
Why not make your own communist faq then, one which is, though still completely wrong, in accordance with the principles of communism, and the writings of Marx? This FAQ is just trash.  It would appear the YCL have updated their faq then, and no longer deny Stalin's killings, or endorse North Korea.  In some sense it's understandable how poor quality it is, given that it is from a "youth" wing of the communist party, and as such targetted at propagandising towards illiterate teenagers - but why post such a thing here?
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.
What do you want us to do with your FAQ? Critique it and point out errors, or what? You never posted your intent with the thread...
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.   I believe you're right: every word he writes including "and" and "the" is either a misrepresentation or a fantastic drollery.
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.  I agree.  That was the most pathetic, dishonest and downright idotic commentary on communism/socialism I've ever encountered.   I have a VERY hard time believing that someone could actually post that with a straight face.   Good one Comrade Brian. :p   Waxy
Which ideology do you adhere to?
I'm the opposite of both.
Can I be an eco-fascist? :)
 And lets face it, politics is all about getting laid.  Isn't everything?
The Soviet Union was a democracy. A one party state but they had a parliment and the people voted for the parliment. What people get confused about is that because they had one party the party controlled everything.
I think a couple of the posters need to refresh their knowledge of Lenin's era and the Stalinist USSR.
Fraudulent utopias - of which the USSR was one - result from the fantasies of intellectuals who believe that a "better society" can be created by the force of ideas.  Using constant terror and mass murder to get and keep society's attention.
Neither: a democratic constitutional monarchy! :p
How can there be a democratic constitutional monarchy. The ideals of the democracy and the monarchy contradict each other.  Look at the UK, the head of State(monarchy) is just a figure head. The real power resides with the Elected body - the House of Commons.
I don`t think this is as much about capitalism as it is about holding economic success virtous. And I think the author has it backwards. It is not because europeans don`t place value in economic success (as in wealth) that give rise to segregation and racism in Europe. It is segregation and racism in europe that makes it harder for immigrants to achieve economic success (as in wealth).
From the Wall Street Journal:  The Projects on the Prairie  By JOHN J. MILLER January 27, 2006; Page W11  The fallout from the Jack Abramoff corruption scandal has all of Washington atwitter about congressional reform -- everything from proposals to restrict travel perks and lunches with lobbyists to a potential shakeup in the Republican House leadership.  A subtheme of the controversy involves not a shakeup but a shakedown -- of Indian tribes by Mr. Abramoff, who used casino cash to throw money around town as well as to line his own pockets richly. The common perception is that once again the white man has cheated the red man.  Perhaps a few expressions of sympathy are in order. Yet Indians would benefit much more from their own sweeping reforms. The Abramoff rip-off should be the least of their worries. The time has come to abolish reservations for the good of the people who live on them.  In the American imagination, grinding poverty is often a picture of urban slums full of broken families, abandoned apartments and back-alley drug deals. But an equally valid portrait might focus on the rural squalor of the rez. Of the 10 poorest counties in the U.S., seven of them are contained wholly or largely on reservations in Arizona, North Dakota and South Dakota.  Professional victimologists offer no shortage of explanations for this miserable state of affairs, but most of their analysis boils down to a core grievance: The federal government stole land from the Indians by conquest and treaty. Although Indians once were able to obtain title to specific parcels within reservations, this practice ended in 1934 -- an act that essentially turned the reservations into not-so-little housing projects on the prairie.  (More)
The main problem with Indian reservations isn't, as some argue, that they were established on worthless tracts of grassland. Consider the case of Buffalo County, S.D., which Census data reveal to be America's poorest county. Some 2,000 people live there. More than 30% of the homes are headed by women without husbands. The median household income is less than $13,000. The unemployment rate is sky high.  Just to the east of Buffalo County lies Jerauld County, which is similar in size and population. Yet only 6% of its homes are headed by women without husbands, the median household income is more than $30,000, and the unemployment rate hovers around 3%. The fundamental difference between these two counties is that the Crow Creek Indian Reservation occupies much of Buffalo County. The place is a pocket of poverty in a land of plenty.  Maybe we should give land back to the rez-dwellers, so that they may own private property the way other Americans do. Currently, the inability to put up land as collateral for personal mortgages and loans is a major obstacle to economic development. This problem is complicated by the fact that not all reservations have adopted uniform commercial codes or created court systems that are independent branches of tribal government -- the sorts of devices and institutions that give confidence to investors who might have the means to fund the small businesses that are the engines of rural economies.  Tribal ownership of the land is defended as the sine qua non of Indian sovereignty, which many activists regard as sacrosanct. It maintains the semifictional notion that the reservations are separate nations within the U.S. Although tribal members are American citizens, the reservations themselves are exempt from many federal and state laws. This is why so many Indian casinos have sprung up in areas that otherwise curb gambling.  Sovereignty also is understood as a form of cultural protectionism. Without it, goes the thinking, Indians eventually will follow the course of immigrant groups and assimilate into the great American melting pot. Intermarriage between Indians and non-Indians is pervasive, especially off the rez. More than half of all Indians already marry outside their race, according the Census. For racial purists who believe that the men and women of today's tribes should be preserved like frozen displays in natural-history museums, this is a tragedy akin to ethnic cleansing (albeit one based on love rather than hate).  Yet the real tragedy is that reservations, as collectivist enclaves within a capitalist society, have beaten down their inhabitants with brute force rather than lifting them up with opportunity. As their economies have withered, other social pathologies have taken root: Indians are distressingly prone to crime, alcoholism and suicide. Families have suffered enormously. About 60% of Indian children are born out of wedlock. Although accurate statistics are hard to come by because so many arrangements are informal, Indian kids are perhaps five times as likely as white ones to live in some form of foster care. Their schools are depressingly bad.  Even if casino revenues were able to address these soul-crushing problems -- a doubtful proposition -- most reservations are too isolated geographically to profit from big-dollar gambling. Yet the rise of the casinos may help point the way forward: Their ability to flourish contradicts the tenured Marxists in ethnic-studies departments who claim that communitarian Indian cultures aren't compatible with market capitalism. After all, it takes entrepreneurship to run some of the world's biggest casinos.  What's more, this modern-day entrepreneurship is part of a long tradition: Meriwether Lewis (of Lewis & Clark fame) described the Chinooks as "great hagglers in trade." I once visited Poverty Point, a 3,000-year-old set of earthen mounds in Louisiana; the museum there displayed ancient artifacts found at the site, including copper from the Great Lakes and obsidian from the Rockies. These prehistoric Americans were budding globalizers, and there's no reason why their descendants should remain walled off from the world economy.  When Indians enter our political conscience at all, it is usually in the most trivial of contexts: Should Florida State University call its sports teams the Seminoles? Does Leonard Peltier, a 1970s radical imprisoned for the murder of two FBI agents, deserve clemency? Isn't it a shame how Jack Abramoff bilked nave tribal councils?  Yes, it is a shame. But it will be an even greater shame if reservations were to continue staggering along as they do now. The sleazy Abramoffs will always be with us. Must the failing reservations stick around as well? Mr. Miller is the author, most recently, of "A Gift of Freedom: How the John M. Olin Foundation Changed America."
I get the impression that the author of the piece is oversimplifying a complex problem in order to bash collectivism. A prime cause of deprivation on reservations would seem to me to be a deep cultural grief of a civilisation practically wiped out. It's not dissimilar to the position the palestinians are in, except that native americans have little hope of resurrecting their culture, whereas palestinians perhaps do.
Which is why white communes are economic powerhouses.
Which is why white communes are economic powerhouses.  Most communes are deliberately anti-material, so that comment is fairly irrelevant. Look at other collective organisations, such as co-ops, like the Cooperative Society or John Lewis and you'll note they're doing just fine.
But why would anti-material people choose communes?   If communes were a good source of wealth, wouldn't materialistic people choose them?  Isn't the entire reason only anti-material people choose communes is because no one else can tolerate their poor living conditions? (Except apparently native Americans, who would prosper in communes were it not for the racial anguish)
Some people for 'idealistic' reasons choose to live in a commune or a utopian social organisation where everyone is equal in terms of social position and responsibility.   A pantisocracy usually comes to grief when egoism and materialism creeps in.
But why would anti-material people choose communes?   If communes were a good source of wealth, wouldn't materialistic people choose them?  Isn't the entire reason only anti-material people choose communes is because no one else can tolerate their poor living conditions? (Except apparently native Americans, who would prosper in communes were it not for the racial anguish)  That's the reason most efforts at communal living in the US 'hippie' era failed. It turned out most people are materialistic in spite of idealistic rants. Some endured, and a few still do, but mostly due to an influx of wealth by individual members for the comfort factor.
America, or better still the New World, has a long history of utopian communities - usually but not always, founded by religious enthusiasts.   As a land at one time apparently unsullied by the wicked customs, effete culture, and selfish habits of Old Europe, the New World seemed an ideal environment for seekers after purification and perfection (living in small scale co-operative communities).   The hippies were late arrivals on this particular scene.  Materialism probably undid them all in the end.
In class I have to debate why if we were to start a new country why it should be socialistic. I don't want this to turn into a debate, I only wants links and reasons on why we should go socialistic over capitalistic.  Thanks for helping.  *REMINDER* please do not turn this into a debate!
I would suggest that you take a look at the reports of Boothe and Rowntree from the late 19th century to get a perspective on what happens when you have pure (or nearly pure) capitalism. Also think about the veil of ignorance, if you don't know what your starting situation in life is, how would you design a society eg tax system etc.
Could I, at least, observe that Freedom Fighter is certainly diligent in his ongoing fight against freedom?  Umm. I would appreciate it if this thread was left to people who are trying to give advice.We are trying to convince people why if we were to start a new country why it should be capitalist of socialist, and I was chosen to do the socialist. I am in this because I have to, not that I want to, I support capitalism, but I am going to do this project so I can pass the class.   Thank you Symbiote and Jo Bennett for giving me the advice. Our debate starts monday so thanks for helping. emoticon_xhoho
In a socialist nation, the government issues identity cards to all its citizens, to ensure "national security". Anyone suspected of wrongdoing can more easily be rounded up and imprisoned than in a free society.  In a socialist nation, the government is the most important entity in determining whether an individual or group of individuals is prosperous or not, if a business is suspected of having links to terrorism, abortion, islam or political opponents, funding can be cut, ensuring high moral standards are maintained throughout the land.  In a socialist nation, the government funds schools and determines their curriculum - ensuring that all students learn the appropriate facts rather than controversial theories, ensuring the stability of the governing regime.  In a socialist regime the head of state is held to be deserving of respect and admiration from his subjects, ensuring a stable rule - those opposing actions taken by the government are regarded as "unpatriotic" and "appeasers".   In this way it is easy for a socialist nation to wage war and ensure foreign nations have friendly governments, where a less socialist government may not have the funding to maintain a high-tech global police force.  I think you're mixing up socialist and fascist. Patriotism is anathema to socialism.
I think you're mixing up socialist and fascist. Patriotism is anathema to socialism.  In the Soviet Union, the war against Hitler's Germany was called 'The Great Patriotic War'. I believe it still is.
And that doctrine was a feature of what Stalin called "socialism in one country", in short an abandonment of socialist principles in order to exploit Russian nationalist sentiment. Socialism inherently rejects national distinctions, in favour of class distinctions. All socialist parties in Europe, with the exception of the British labour party, opposed WWI for precisely this reason.
So you say. Here's what another socialist (or communist if you prefer) has to say about patriotism.  "Vietnamese patriotism in the current cause of construction and defence of the socialist homeland must be inevitably patriotism combined with socialism; patriotic sentiments in association with revolutionary will through the world outlook of scientific socialism: a patriotism in labour to build and safeguard socialism in the character of Fatherland. It is patriotism of the spirit of determination to fight and win on the front of national industrialisation and modernisation". (Ho Chi Minh)  Your conclusions are purely theoretical. All socialist states will appeal to patriotism if threatened by a foreign power - or sometimes if it's politically expedient.
Your conclusions are purely theoretical. All socialist states will appeal to patriotism if threatened by a foreign power - or sometimes if it's politically expedient.  I was under the impression that this FF's debate was about theory. There are no socialist states in the world at present, so it can only be about theory.
Really? I expect you must have some special theory of socialism.  I assume you would deny that Cuba, China, or Belarus, for instance can be described as 'socialist' in any respect at all?   Can you say, without equivocation, that patriotism is anathema in those states and produce evidence to support your assertion?
China is state capitalist. Belarus, IIRC, is stalinist and no more socialist than the soviet union was. Cuba is marginally closer to socialism, but has strayed into nationalism in no small part because of massive pressure from the US. None of these countries is a socialist country, not least because they are not democratic. Socialism requires democracy.
All of your claims are at least arguable, but let's just stick with one.  Socialism requires democracy, so the political theory textbooks say.   1). The commitment to representative democracy is what is supposed to distinguish soft-centred 'Western' socialism from the hard case 'communist' version brought about by revolutionary violence.   2). The 'parliamentary road to socialism' is said to be a creature so different from the socialism of the communist states as to be hardly the same political animal.  Yes, I've encountered these sort of theoretical distinctions before. But facts force us to discard some theories - or else torture ourselves trying to reconcile the irreconciliable. Evidence is a fact (or facts) that discriminates between one theory and another, and things haven't worked out on the textbook model.   The only socialist models that provide us with any empirical evidence of their attitude towards patriotism include the states I've already mentioned. And they did not become socialist by democratic acclamation. Though, of course, you deny that any of them are 'socialist' now - or perhaps ever have been? That allows your claim about patriotism to be impervious to contradiction by mere facts.   A footnote on Cuba:  According to Castro, Cuba has an elected national legislature that is socialist in character. Since only one party you can vote for exists in Cuba, it's not a democracy as we understand it. But if it wasn't for pressure from that wicked United States, the 'marginal socialism' there would blossom into ...........well, what?
I am talking about socialist theory. Any governmental system is defined by theory. You don't describe a governmental system by what it calls itself. For example I don't think anyone would claim the GDR was a democracy. You describe a governmental system by the theories it fits, you don't amend the theories to fit those governments that use the theories as a fig leaf for their dictatorial regimes.  There are democratic socialist groups which are also revolutionary (though not necessarily violent). Their aim is to set up parallel democratic structures that ultimately make the apparatus of the current state irrelevant. Revisionist marxist groups match the description you have of achieving socialism through current electoral structures and are, as such, non-revolutionary.  Socialist theory is, as I have outlined previously, inherently internationalist. However, when a party works within an existing state to achieve change, evolving beyond the constraints of that state is very difficult, especially when there is pressure from outside governments of conflicting politics.
Fascism is a form of socialism, the most common (and pragmatic) form. We might refer to it as National Socialism rather than intenational socialism if you want to make a distinction.  Socialism and fascism are mutually exclusinve. By definition the most venerated entity in a fascist regime is the state. In a socialst regime it is the people.   Somehow I think you would have some pretty serious trouble applying your definition to Sweden which, AFIK, is the most socialist state on the planet right now.
I am talking about socialist theory. Any governmental system is defined by theory. You don't describe a governmental system by what it calls itself. For example I don't think anyone would claim the GDR was a democracy. You describe a governmental system by the theories it fits, you don't amend the theories to fit those governments that use the theories as a fig leaf for their dictatorial regimes.  There are democratic socialist groups which are also revolutionary (though not necessarily violent). Their aim is to set up parallel democratic structures that ultimately make the apparatus of the current state irrelevant. Revisionist marxist groups match the description you have of achieving socialism through current electoral structures and are, as such, non-revolutionary.  Socialist theory is, as I have outlined previously, inherently internationalist. However, when a party works within an existing state to achieve change, evolving beyond the constraints of that state is very difficult, especially when there is pressure from outside governments of conflicting politics.  In the visionary utopia of "international socialism" (socialisme sans frontires), there are a number of theoretical possibilities - among which, it is alleged, are the redundancy of patriotism and the irrelevancy of the state apparatus.  Back in the factual world, we discover that wherever socialism exists, or has been tried, these possibilities have not been realised. Why?  Well, I've already mentioned Russia, Cuba, and Vietnam as instances where the empirical facts do not confirm your claim about patriotism. And I could go further and cite Albania, North Korea, and any permutation of communist states that used to exist behind the iron curtain.  But if I did, you would find a theoretical dubiety that any of these polities were 'really' socialist. When your theory is challenged by unwelcome facts, you change the terms of reference: a familiar dodge.   It's really quite useless to argue theoretical points when factual evidence is ignored that would determine whether at least some of them correspond to a political reality. It wouldn't matter whether we stuck to the point about patriotism or introduced any other social, political, or economic issue, your description of the socialist attitude towards it would be modified to prevent any concession to critical examination or philosophic doubt.   I do not wish to disturb your dreams any more by bothering you with demands for factual evidence that will support your claims on behalf of academic socialism. In my experience, textbook debates on the theory of socialism are quite sterile - full of sound and fury, but signifying nothing.
Alan Ryan: But this is an entirely theoretical debate, I presume.   Your 'real-life' examples may all be very well and relevant in the 'real-world', but this is a theoretical debate. There have been, to my knowledge, no entirely socialist countries. The ones you gave aren't what I consider entirely socialist.  -Wez
In a socialist nation, the government issues identity cards to all its citizens, to ensure "national security". Anyone suspected of wrongdoing can more easily be rounded up and imprisoned than in a free society. So a free society is one where the goverment does not have tabs on their citizens? How could then the goverment work when it does not know who they actually govern? The foundation of economics is that you have correct data, else it's the beginning of corruption not freedom.   And since when was there a dichotomy between freedom and socialism?   Further how does the usage of identification ease the rounding up of suspects? Wouldn't it be rather MORE risk to be rounded up if you couldn't identify yourself and thus automatically become suspect than be able to and take yourself out of the calculation?
Since the words had meaning.   Not necessarily. I don't think that they have a real problem with freedom in Sweden.   You seriously need to do some research into political and economic systems. Socialism is NOT a political system, it is an economic system. All of the alleged attributes you have listed regarding socialism are not attributs of socialism at all.   While I recognize that it is anti american, try educating yourself and THEN forming an opinion instead of blindly following whatever incorrect bias you may have had from the start and then twisting the world to fit it. You can start at wikipedia. There are plenty of resources on the web regarding socialism and fascism (which are mutually exclusive)  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialism  What you describe here is fascism, which you claim is essentially the same as socialism. Mussolini, who essentially was the father of fascism, formed the fascist party in Italy after being expelled from the socialist party. Mussolini on socialism:   Outside the State there can be neither individuals nor groups (political parties, associations, syndicates, classes). Therefore Fascism is opposed to Socialism, which confines the movement of history within the class struggle and ignores the unity of classes established in one economic and moral reality in the State; and analogously it is opposed to class syndicalism. . . .
Sweden, like most of the western world, runs on a mixed economy. To the degree that it is socialist, it is not free, just like in the rest of the world. Surprisingly Sweden generally ranks quite highly on the sorts of "economic freedom index"s that are published from time to time. Now say what you will about the arbitrariness of weightings in such indexes, what I take from them, at least, is that in some ways Sweden is much more free, and less socialist than the likes of the US or western europe.  I am not intimately familiar with Sweden, but my first reaction to it is that it differs more in the kind of socialism it embraces than the degree to which it embraces it.  Well, it essentailly embraces it 100%. Sweden has been officially socialist since 1932.   the kind of socialism it embraces? Classic socialism. The same socialist tenant that were in place in the soviet union, but without the totalitarian government.     I disagree. Socialism is not an economic system, it is the absence of an economic system.   In that case, you would be 100% incorrect. Socialism is, by definition, an economic system.   The absence of an economic system can only be maintained through a totalitarian state, and any "socialist" nation therefore has certain political attributes. It is not itself a political system; there are many particular ways by which free enterprise can be suppressed, and therefore many governments that may rightly be called socialist, we have seen the German model, the Italian model, the Soviet model, the Korean model, the Cuban model, the Chinese model, and we are seeing the American model's beginnings now. Some we call Communists, some we call Fascists, some National Socialists, some Theocracies, some Democracies but they are all socialist.  Again, by definition, socialism is not the absence of an economic system, so your chain of logic (which is largely senseless anyway) is flawed rigth from the start. We have also seen the Israeli system, the Swedish system, the canadian system, the list goes on.   What you are trying to do is pick the worst examples you can think of and say "THAT is socialism". This is similar to me pointing to Zimbabwe and IRan and saying THAT is democracy...or pointing at Nigeria or the Sudan and saying "THAT is capitalism".   It is not the "same as" socialism, it is a form of socialism.  again by definition, it is not.   Undoubtedly they disagreed about the form Italian socialism was to take. The socialist party presumably wanted a form of socialism built around the working class; private economic activity would be abolished and resources distributed to the poor. Mussolini presumably preferred private economic activity be abolished and resources funneled into the government apparatus itself, the military and bureaucracy.  By definition, the socialist economic system is built around the working class. An economic system built around the state cannot be a socialist system. Mussolini did NOT advocate the abolition of private economic activity. In fact, he sought to strengthen it through close co9llaboraiton with the government. Fascism is a form of directed capitalism. It is essentially ALL private enterprise directed by the state and completely exploitive of the working class. One of the first thing Mussolini did under his regime was break up all the labor unions and execute supporters of organized labor. This is COMPLETELY at odds with the socialist ideal where all means of production are owned and actively managed by organized labor.
I understand socialism to be a sort of half-way house, or transitional stage, between Capitalism and Communism.   The means of production and exchange are taken into social ownership (nationalised) and the state persists as an administrative machine that supervises a new order of legality and a new system of rights until such time as true common ownership emerges, and the state is abolished (or withers away).   This nationalisation of some key industries and services is more or less what happened in Britain under the Labour government elected in 1945. But we never expected further political development in the direction of the theoretical dictatorship of the proletariat, and none ever materialised.
I gather by private enterprise directed by the state, you mean that private enterprise has been abolished and replaced with state enterprise, ie socialism.  That the names and the language of business is used is of no relevance to the reality of fascism, which is the same as under all forms of socialism, private, free exchange is abolished. There may still be goods in stores, but the government determines their price. People may still be employed, but the government determines their wages and positions. Businessmen may still run businesses, but what they produce, how much they pay their workers, is determined by the government.  absolutly not. Under a fascist regime, the directed cpaitalism primarily takes the form of strict regulation and rampant cronyism. Private enterprise is not abolished under a Fascist system, it is strengthened. In many fascist countires, private corporations have even been given defacto police powers.   This is one of the fears peopel play in regarding special interest involvement in politics. The fascist state has also been called "the corporate state". While the corporativism described by mussolini is not quite in line with what we know as corporatism today, it is close enough to completely dispel this myth of a fascist/socialist state that you seem to be attempting to propogate.  This is not the socialist ideal, it is one of many. Other socialists idealise the means of production owned and actively managed by people of pure Germanic blood.  In summary, socialism comes in many different shapes and colours, and it is no more valid for a socialist of one variety to assert that other varieties are "not socialism" than it is for a Protestant to assert that a Catholic is "not Christian".  You REALLY need to run, don't walk, to your nearest institute of higher education and take some classes in political science.
I understand socialism to be a sort of half-way house, or transitional stage, between Capitalism and Communism.   The means of production and exchange are taken into social ownership (nationalised) and the state persists as an administrative machine that supervises a new order of legality and a new system of rights until such time as true common ownership emerges, and the state is abolished (or withers away).   This nationalisation of some key industries and services is more or less what happened in Britain under the Labour government elected in 1945. But we never expected further political development in the direction of the theoretical dictatorship of the proletariat, and none ever materialised.  I think that where a lot fo confusion comes from is in the difference between socialism, which is a narrowly defined economic system, and socialist ideals, which tends to be a subjective set of standards applied on an ad hoc basis.  Classic socialism has never actually been practiced on the planet earth. From a practical standpoint, Sweden is probably a lot closer to the classic socialist model than the USSR was. Of all current "socialist" nations, it is probably Cuba that holds the distinction of being the absolute closest to a true socialist system. Henry Kissinger said "We can never remove the sanctions from Cuba because they would emerge as an unquestionable example to the world that socialism can work".  In the end, socialism has the same failing that fascism and capitalism do. They overestimate the human spirit.
"directed capitalism" is nothing but a euphemism for socialism. There is no difference, when the government directs production, whether the businesses retain the title of businesses or they are renamed as government departments. A rose by any other name is still a rose.  In this case, they are not a rose by any other name. One is socialism, one is directed capitalism. By definition they are different, and they are mutually exclusive.   Business being owned primarily by the government is also not socialism. That is why I state above that Sweden and Cuba ar probably the closest thign the world has ever seen to socialism. In Cuba, 80% of food is produced by worker managed collectives. From a practical standpoint, a true socialist economy essentially prohibits government ownership of anything. As Alan points out above, socialism was supposed to be a transitional step between capitalism and the anarcy of pure communism. To argue that in a socialist economy the means of production must be owned or directed by the government, or that a totalitarian government is required is just foolish. Socialism was to be paving the way to ANARCHY. You do not pave the way to anarchy by installing an all controlling, totalitarian government.    Argument from authority is logically invalid. I have no doubt various political science classes would teach something similar to what you are saying, I have been in classes which did. That many people and institutions are wrong does not make them right, and it is no surprise that socialist institutions, like public higher education systems, would attempt to distance themselves from fascism.  You are missing my point here. What I am saying is that your total and absolute ignorance of the subject matter is frankly making you look like an idiot. The following words actually have definitions:  Capitalism Directed Capitalism Socialism Fascism Communism   You just seem to be inventing definitions as you go, and they are not consistent with the true definition of those words. For example, your contention that socialism is not an economic system, but instead is a lack of an economic system is just absolutly ignorant. Socialism is BY DEFINITION a type of economic system. Only one of the economic systems listed above actually has a political system attached, and that is communism, and in that case it is ANARCY.  Fascism is not an economic system. It is a political system with certain conditions regarding how business entities are dealt with. In argentina, they executed a fascist government with an economy that was decidedly free market capitalist.   Socialism has no political structure attached, though Marx did speak of a benign dictator at some point (though he is not entirely clear about exactly what stage in the process this benign dictator is expected to step in). The Soviet union was a LONG ways from the socialist ideal. Sweden is socialist. You can wriggle around on that all you want, but they are socialist and proud of it. They practice democratic socialism. Regardless of the political system in place, socialism is an ECONOMIC system.  Capitalism is also an ECONOMIC SYSTEM. Like socialism, it has been practiced under totalitarian political systems and hit has been practiced under democratic systems. It is essentially independant of the political system under which it is practiced.  Directed Capitalsim is essentially capitalism with strong government controls.   You essentially seem to want to define anything that is not unrestricted free market capitalism as "socialist". This is just stupid. There are a LOT of different systems out there that fit neither the definition of free market capitalism or socialism.
I've been following this discussion from a ringside seat.  One question about socialism that hasn't been raised yet, and which interests me, is why it appeals so strongly to intellectuals. To put it another way: Why do intellectuals hate capitalism?   By 'intellectuals' I mean the men and women who run the institutions - the universities and the media, the big corporations and the big charities, the judiciary and the government bureaucracy.   Generally speaking, such well educated and influential people are inclined to take a left or far left of centre view in political and/or economic theory.   Maybe it's a digression to raise this question in this thread, and I ought to start another in case anyone else wants to examine my allegations in a separate discussion.
I think part of it is due to the fact that uncontrolled capitalism is quite horrifying, and socialism and communism provided at least a theoretical alternative which madi capitalism soften up a bit. Wherever socialism was abandoned for capitalism, people found that socialism did have its charms. Part of it is also likely due to the "noble", "altruistic" undertone of the central idea. All equal, all together, care for the weaker and so on.  Essentially, both facsism/nazism and socialism/communism were horribly abused, but the ideological base idea that Symbiote keeps failing to recognize made the difference for me.
I disagree. Although they have different names, they are in essence the same.  And yet, by defintition, they are not.    On the contrary, that is the very essence of socialism. Either that or all business is abolished except the business of government. Whether there is only one business, the government, or there are many businesses, and all of them are controlled by the government, "directed capitalism", there is only a cosmetic difference  Again, this is contrary tot he definition of socialism.  Whether the managers of government industry are designated as "workers" in Cuba or "shop managers" in Germany, and whether the businesses are called "businesses" or "collectives" or "the department of agricultural prosperity" is of no essential import in distinguishing one socialist state from another.  So whether an enterprise is wholly owned by the workers operating it, or owned by the government it is all the same?   Whoever is able to prohibit "government ownership" in a socialist society, ie some kind of "workers collective" in effect is the government of that society. You may as well say that in Germany there was no government control because the Nazi Party displaced it.  This is rediculous. In a socialist system, the government takes a back seat.   In the apparent view of Marx and some socialists, but not in the view of others. Socialism neither began or ended with Marx, and there are many varieties of it with distinct qualities from the Marxist model (with its own various interpretation).  YES. Socialism did indeed begin and end with marx. There is only ONE system which can truly be defined as socialism, and that is the socialist theroy generated by Marx. Just like there has only ever been ONE truly fascist regime, and that was Mussolinis. BY DEFINTION fascism refers to the regime of Benito Mussolini and Socialism refers to the economic theory put forth by Marx. When you talk about other regimes beign fascist or socialist, what you are saying is that they bear similarity to those regimes or theories. The only two countries that have actually put a system in place which meets the real definition of "socialist" are Cuba and Sweden.  I put it to you that I understand the definitions of these words, and that you are confusing the definition of socialism with what you believe to be its implications.   Then, like everywhere else thus far in this thread, you are wrong. You very clearly do not understaind the terms being applied here.  When socialism fails to meet what you believe to be its "goals" (even though economic systems do not themselves have goals, and different people advocate socialism for different reasons), you declare that it is not socialism, but something else. When you declare something to be "a long way from the socialist ideal", that is only your ideal of socialism, other socialists have different ideals (which is why they fight each other so much).  No, I am working from an actual, verifiable, academically accepted definition of "socialism". You are inventing definitions as you go.   I would call most societies today mixed economies, having some socialist and some capitalist elements. There are a few societies which are almost entirely socialist in nature, and a few which are almost entirely capitalist.  I can agree with this, except in the case of Cuba ans Sweden, which are entirely socialist.   I agree, those who believe in a socialism and anarchy are deluding themselves. Socialism can only be implemented through total government, and total government does not lead to anarchy. Although, then again it sort of does, at least temporarily, as socialist governments tend to collapse.  all governments tend to collapse. Socialism cannot be implemented through total government control. If it was, it would not be socialism.
That's not the definition of a free society, but it is one of its attributes.Interesting that you have no problems defining socialism (=evil) in a breath but squirms when encouraged to explain your own pet political system of choice. No census or ability to identify the citizens makes corruption rampant and not to mention is economically indefensible. I guess you can label a Pirate ship a society if you want but I think many others would disagree...  Incidently Sweden is a socialism society and is every year at the top of the UN's list of countries in the world that allows the most freedom of choice to make something out of your life. Despite having identification cards. And another thing on the subject. Here's about the only place in the world where you just can't walk into a store, whip up a credit card and buy anything without identifying yourself or signing the moneyorder. I'm amazed who easy card fraud is abroad!  Yes, absolutely. Under a regime where identification papers must be presented on demand, anyone who for whatever reason does not have those papers on them becomes suspect, liable to be rounded up and imprisoned. A malign society couldn't care less if the dissidents as it sees them can identify themselves or not. They are still dissidents. Do you honestly think that anyone who fails to present identification in such a society when demanded to would somehow escape that scenario? You just try to create a tie between basic census to ease bureacracy in a state and hinder corruption and abuse in dicatorships. It's just a tool.
I've been following this discussion from a ringside seat.  One question about socialism that hasn't been raised yet, and which interests me, is why it appeals so strongly to intellectuals. To put it another way: Why do intellectuals hate capitalism?   By 'intellectuals' I mean the men and women who run the institutions - the universities and the media, the big corporations and the big charities, the judiciary and the government bureaucracy.   Generally speaking, such well educated and influential people are inclined to take a left or far left of centre view in political and/or economic theory.   Maybe it's a digression to raise this question in this thread, and I ought to start another in case anyone else wants to examine my allegations in a separate discussion.   I don't think that most intellectuals necessarily hate capitalism. Nor do any that I am aware of actually advocate socialism. Most of them have reognized the fact that the capitalist system has failed, and advocate some form of mixed economic system.   I don't think there is any argument at this point that the capitalist theory has been proven to be seriously flawed in many respects. The socialist theory is likewise flawed. It seems like what many are advocating is essentially picking the working portions of both theories and putting them into practice under a single new system, one which meets the definition of neither socialism or capitalism.  From a practical standpoint, the capitalist system is one of the oldest continually operated systems on the planet, and has inevitably failed everywhere it has ever been tried. It invariably leads to a two tiered economy, which is not generally something we strive to attain. It simply does not work.  Socilaism on the other hand is fairly new, and does nto seem to work, except under very specific circumstances. While it seems to work fine in Sweden, it is not likely that it would work well in the United States, or most other countries. The going theory seems to be that you could essentially lift certain components of socialism, implant them in a capitalist system, and have an economy that is not destined to fail.  I think there is some merit to this, EXCEPT that it will invariably fail under a democratic form of government because the population will eventually always abuse the socialist aspects of the system. The question essentially becomes how much socialism is enough, and how much is too much.  From a practical standpoint, wothwhile integration of socialist conspets into a capitalist economy or society is likely to continually fail, at least in this generation, because as symbiote has been good enough to show us, there are many who do not grasp even the most basic understanding of either economic system, preferring instead to simply label one as inherently evil and the other as inherently good.   In reality, they are both likely to be utter failures. Capitalism has been shown to be a failure hundreds of itmes over...we will have to keep an eye on Sweden to see whether socialism is a complete failure or only a partial failure. They both fail due to human nature and greed.
Unregulated capitalism is quite horrifying - to the owners of large corporations. They are forever at the mercy of the whims of consumers and the advances of rivals, all of whom are attempting to undercut their prices, improve upon their products and take their customers at every turn. Business is cuthroat, and no company will likely stay at the top for long.  Oh, yes. How true. Poor multibillionaires.  Having lived in a declared socialist state, I'll stay by my opinion: capitalism without socialist threat would result in tyrranies as bad as communism, but was forced to reform and relax. One point for socialist theory.  Socialism took root in those countries where the situation was at its worst. Horrific consequences followed, but I'm not sure that they would not have occured on their own withour socialism/communism. One point for capitalism.  Communism is practiced all over - in families. Families prosper under it, and the only negative effect it has is those cases, where it fails to develop the children's skills, needed to survive outside the system - in adulthood.
I don't think that most intellectuals necessarily hate capitalism. Nor do any that I am aware of actually advocate socialism. Most of them have reognized the fact that the capitalist system has failed, and advocate some form of mixed economic system.    It's true that intellectuals don't necessarily hate capitalism and favour socialism. But there are reasons that explain why many of them are inclined to oppose free markets and have a world view sympathetic to a 'planned society'.   Intellectuals are the gatekeepers for general ideas, information, and opinions that ultimately reach the general public. Intellectuals create a climate of opinion or a set of general preconceptions in society.  Most people absorb their opinions from others; few think for themselves and make independent judgments. This is why the prevailing or dominant opinions get adopted and repeated so glibly and are seldom questioned by 'ordinary people'  Whether or not they call themselves socialists, the higher we climb up the ladder of intelligence, the more likely we are to encounter people with socialist convictions. Among the reasons for this bias are the speculative character of socialism, its rational ethos, and its ethical appeal.  Generally speaking, the most able pro-market people become engineers, scientists, and businessmen/women. The best anti-market people gravitate towards scholarly, didactic, and intellectual vocations
No, but it should be under the purview of the church and not for profit charities. Government intervention in this has been nothing but a boondoggle.   So you think that I should just give up trying to make a better life for me and my family, huh? Keep working for next to nothing while the government continues to siphon more money out of my hard earned paycheck, eh?  You seemingly support most all government policy requiring abnormal taxation without taxpayer benefit, Iraq being a prime example. And you were recently very upset because New York State refused to pony up a couple of hundred thousand dollars of tax money for each $20k job a foreign corporation would provide in your geographical area. You can't have it both ways.
I did not define socialism as evil. Nor was I asked to explain a free society. I was asked a yes or no question, whether the government not keeping tabs on its citizens was the definition of a free society, a question which I answered for you more than adequately. If you have any followup questions, feel free to ask them.  That is good enough for me. Just me misunderstanding.
One of the biggest problems with socialism is the cradle-to-grave government provision. This quashes the entrepeneurial spirit and the drive to improve one's lot in life.Is there really an entrepreneurial spirit? Is there a drive to improve one's lot in life? Maybe there is a survival instinct. Sure some of us are born with a salesman gene, but that doesn't mean there is an entrepreneurial spirit that drives us all. These salesman people will claw their way to top of any economic/political system, so it best to try for a system that guarantees that everyone will have access to life-essential resources.
Did you know that in most states mothers can be denied a job or given less pay for the same work, just because they're mothers?  There is a silent crisis in America. Mothers and families are in trouble. The wage gap between mothers and non-mothers is now greater than between women and men: One study found non-mothers earn 10% less than their male counterparts; mothers earn 27% less; and single mothers earn between 44% and 34% less.  This wage hit has a direct impact on families--a full quarter of families with children under six live in poverty, at least 9 million children don't have any health care, and far too many parents can't afford to stay home with sick children. Working toward common sense family-friendly policies like those covered in The Motherhood Manifesto will help all families.  If you truly care about mothers and kids and families you might want to sign the Motherhood Manifesto at:  http://www.momsrising.org/petition/familyfriendly?a=2&r=1711&id=7477-6742734-QYceC7GH0_0oaJv7ZxQv0A&t=5 This is just more left-wing radical feminist rhetoric.
So the promotion of family life and supporting motherhood is now left wing radical feminism. Of course Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia...
This is just more left-wing radical feminist rhetoric.  Erroneous labels for any occasion and everything labeled?
It's not rhetoric, it is true that single mothers earn less.  I am just asking why this is innapropriate? If an employer knows that an employee is going to take more time off and cost more in health care, why shouldn't that employer pay that person less?  During my business years single mothers were generally far more reliable than the average employee without that particular burden. They couldn't afford to miss work and normally had support systems in place for emergencies. Nor were they paid less than anyone else with identical education and skill sets.
In other words, selling one's soul to the corporate mentality, the American way.   Europeans have a different way of looking at life. Families are important, having leisure time is important, participating in other human events is important.   So, which is it? Humanity? Human life? Community? Family?  Or the God Almighty Corporation?  If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.
What is wealth?  If it can be determined what wealth is, how much wealth is necessary?  Does giving up leisure time to work all the time always produce wealth?  Sadly, in the U.S. presently, we have families where each parent works two or three jobs and they still are unable to accumulate wealth--the WORKING POOR OF AMERICA, the legacy of George Walker Bush and the Republican Party.  In contrast, my Swedish relatives, compared to my American relatives, have acumulated incredibly beautiful, well-designed homes, they have been laborers but they have also been artists and artisans and created beauty as such, they have had leisure to ski, hike, engage in other outdoor things and they haven't worked themselves to death as Americans have been obliged to do because of the corporate mentality of America.  My American relatives have worked and worked and they are comfortable but, my God! the contrast in esthetics between the Swedes and Americans is astounding. The Swedes have surrounded themselves with beautiful and wonderful design; the Americans have surrounded themselves with cheap stuff from Wal-mart that looks icky and falls apart.  The quality of life between the two nations is universes apart.  The US has always had working poor. It's the nature of capitalism. As it moves closer to a two-tiered system, the middle-class will slide down to the lower tier, creating an even larger group of working poor. As much as I dislike Bush's policies, all he's done is accelerate the pace of our decline. That began in the 1970s and all politicians have made their self-serving contributions.
If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.  if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :)
Also, can anyone back up any of Simones claims? Not saying it is wrong, but Simone is not known for providing the true picture.
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :)  Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn.
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :) I'm glad somebody said it! emoticon_xhoho
Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn. First of all, that is your opinion. Secondly all you are saying is that the purpose of the wealth you accumulate is to have better leisure time, so ultimately you are even saying that leisure time is the goal, accumulating wealth is just the means. So, what Steeeeve said would be accurate. Accumulating wealth for the sake of accumulating wealth is worthless. Money is a means, not an end.  And who said accumulation of wealth and skiiing were the only two possible goals of life?
First of all, that is your opinion. Secondly all you are saying is that the purpose of the wealth you accumulate is to have better leisure time, so ultimately you are even saying that leisure time is the goal, accumulating wealth is just the means. So, what Steeeeve said would be accurate. Accumulating wealth for the sake of accumulating wealth is worthless. Money is a means, not an end.  And who said accumulation of wealth and skiiing were the only two possible goals of life?  Correct, my opinion. Those were merely examples of leisure time pursuits generally unavailable without some degree of wealth, no intent on limitation.
You are entitled to your opinion, but what/who determines the criteria for "worthless"? If a man devotes his life to the accumulation of wealth and is happy in his pursuit .... is his life worthless? If his pursuit results in expanded commerce, jobs, products, knowledge ..... is his life worthless? I have known men who worked every day to accumulate wealth, but their net worth was just the way they kept score .... the fun for them was the race, not the purse. They seemed to be happy with their "worthless" lives and their checks to me and other employees never bounced. Dono  I'd like to see how much wealth you can take with you to your grave.
While money may not be able to buy happiness, it can buy time, transportation, and equipment, as well as making most of life's more mundane problems vanish.   You bought time? I doubt this. You are going to live X years. No matter how much money you have you will not be able to extend that. People that live by money die the most unsatisfied people. I have never met a happy person that seeked wealth yet I know many that are wealthy.   Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn. Far better caring for the things that matter in life than worrying about working 80hrs a week so you can ski once a year.  You remind me of a story a professor once told me. He claimed his family was his life yet when it came time for his sons birthday he penciled in 30minutes during his lunch to have his kid come in to his office for a birthday "hello". Yeah, great value.   I'm sure that skiing will prove beneficial when you are dead :)
I'm glad somebody said it! emoticon_xhoho haha, I have had more fun not seeking money than anyone I know that seeks money.   I don't know who said it but it is a great quote:  "If you seek money you will always be chasing money, if you seek success money will always be chasing you"
  I'm sure that skiing will prove beneficial when you are dead :)  I was under the impression you understood that I'm not a Christian.
I was under the impression you understood that I'm not a Christian.  Does that mean it will be beneficial to you when you are dead?
I've seen a few studies on the links between wealth and happiness, they generally suggest that once you get past the "comfortable" point financially (i.e. you don't have difficulty affording housing, food etc.) the amount of money you have makes very little difference.
Does that mean it will be beneficial to you when you are dead?  I see no value of anything beyond death.
I'm not sure doing more stuff necessarily equates to happiness. I have very little money at the moment (full time student) but I'm pretty happy. When I'm stuck for paying the bills then I sometimes feel a bit down, but most of the things I enjoy don't cost me much. Sure there are things I would like to do that cost more money, but I wouldn't necessarily feel happier for having done those things rather than something else that was cheaper.
Sure I did. I retired 30 yrs earlier than most people. I now have the majority of my life to do whatever I wish. I have bought all the free time in the world.   Even the idea that you cannot extend your life due to wealth in incorrect. Your life expectancy increases with your income bracket. Look it up. Didn't you ever wonder how guys like Warren Buffet, Allan Greenspan, Dick Cheney, etc... manage to be out white water rafting, and hunting, and running huge companies well into their 70's and 80's (and sometimes even 90's)? They are getting better medical care than your HMO is willing to pop for.   I still disagree..you didn't "buy" any more years on your life. You may think you can live longer by paying for medical care but who is to say you would have died prior to that? Your time here will end at a point....no matter what you do, that will be it. I guess you could say you try to extend the time you are here.   This is a lie that poor people and the middle class tells themselves. The vast majority of wealthy people I have known who are unsatisfied are suffering from boredom. Right now I am bored and unsatsfied. I am thinking of taking up hovercraft racing. I have a design that I think will just dominate the field.   Have fun, you will still be unsatisfied.   You are missing the point. You work 80 hours per week until you have accumulated enough wealth, then you flip the corporate world the bird and wander off to do whatever the hell you want. By then you should have established enough wealth and expertise that you can simply put your holdings in autonomous investments and cash the checks every 6 months, or at least give them minimal attention.  The other thing that you are missing is that nmost people who work 80+ hours per week do so because they love the game.   Personally the only thing I miss about working is working. I LOVE the game. Nothing is more exciting. Your net worth is just a score card and insurance that your kids will have a chance to play.   I used to have the "neglecting the family" argument with my idiot brother in law. He is a teacher and never has any money. He goes home form work and does things like cut the grass, paint the house, chore type things, then sits on his butt and watches football because by the time he gets done working and done with all the honeydo XXXX, he is tired. His kids play in the play room alone.   Even when I would work long hours (often I had the kids at the office with me, but that is another argument), I would spend more time with my kids than he did. I would be at the office later, but then come home and watch dora or have tea parties or whatever becuause while I was at work, somebody else painted the house, mowed the lawn, did all the chores and honeydo's.   While there are certainly those who neglect their families, theya re the minority and either do not like their fmailies all that much, or are playign out of their league.  Face it. Life is better with money. haha, a sad way to live... Whatever man. The problems you see are only to be blamed on people like you.  I'm not sure doing more stuff necessarily equates to happiness. I have very little money at the moment (full time student) but I'm pretty happy. When I'm stuck for paying the bills then I sometimes feel a bit down, but most of the things I enjoy don't cost me much. Sure there are things I would like to do that cost more money, but I wouldn't necessarily feel happier for having done those things rather than something else that was cheaper. yeah, if money drives you than not having it will surely make you sad.   I don't understand why people value greed....which is what you are doing here. It should come as no surprise why things happen the way they do. "Oh my! Bush is helping his greedy oil buddies" ...blah, what do you care? You encourage it.
Here's my take - wealth isn't the primary goal, family, happiness, and health are the TRUE goals, but by making wealth the primary goal, you facilitate the TRUE goals in life. No you don't. By making it a goal you can potentially facilitate the true goals. If it is made the primary goal, these true goals will fall to the wayside as they are not the primary goals. You even seem to acknowledge this somewhat later in your post by recognizing it as a means, not an end. As for "you can't take it with you", no, you sure can't, but you can leave it to your children and family. Providing them with that head start will make sure they have the means to reach their TRUE goals.
In reality wealth is difficult enough to accumulate that unless you make it your primary goal, you end up in the middle class making do. IF, on the other hand, you make it your pri ary goal you really only have to make enogh to get to the point that it is self perpetuating. Then you just have to be either smart enough to invest it yourself (which by then you should be based on the knowledge you will have acquired in gaining your wealth) OR smart enoguh to choose a portfolio manager that can handle things for you. You think it's impossible to obtain this level of wealth without making it your #1 goal in life? I don't see a reason to believe that this is the case.  Secondly, you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?
I think you are underestimating the amount of time, dedication, and work that such a thing takes.  Can anybody do it? Of course! Well....ok...a certain level of intelligence is required, but not much. All you really need is the drive and the willingness to work hard. I do not mean 40 hrs/wk hard, I mean 80 hrs /wk and always on call hard. You also have to be able to face realities, even unpleasant ones, and you must without question be able to make difficult decisions (firing, etc...) even when it is unpleasant. If you are working 80 hrs/wk and you have a family, you can't possibly be giving them the time and attention they need and deserve. And they need and deserve your time more than they do your money.  Second, my point in asking "you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?" was to say that in a capitalist system, there are inherintly going to be people on the bottom. It is unavoidable. So to say that it is possible for everyone to do this is absurd.
BS. Even when I was working 90-100 hrs /wk I was devoting mroe time to my children than most people who were only working 40 hrs /wk So you must have been working through the night so you could see your kids during the day. You couldn't have been sleeping. Well there are several possible explanations for this, but I'll be nice and just mention two. 1) You're a medical anomoly that doesn't need sleep 2) Cocaine, meth, or mainlining caffeine I did not say that everybody could do it. I said that anybody could do it. BIG difference. There will always be plenty of people unwilling to put in the hours and work required to do it. Unwilling people has got nothing to do with it. If everyone in this country was willing and able, it would still not be possible just by nature of how capitalism works.
I don't understand the unfamiliarity with 80-hour executive workweeks. 14-hr days including the short Saturday were never considered abnormal, even without travel, due to the US difference in time zones. If you did business in NY and California, there's 11-hours right there. Toss in international time zones and clocks only meant what time it was in other places. Travel easily stretched them out to 100-hours and beyond. I understand that would be foreign to hourly workers, most staff, all government employees and education, but do people actually think they should be entitled to above normal acheivement measured by wealth for working 8-10 hours a day? 8-10 hour days are for after goals have been achieved and regular jobs. Those were the conditions that normally precluded a working single mother from competing at the executive level.   From many of the posts I'm reading and the state of the US and European economies, many have changed the balance of effort from stressing professional endeavors to personal time. Complete with demands for high standards of living on minimal effort. Chinese, Indian and other emerging economies are eating your lunches for obvious reasons.
In reality wealth is difficult enough to accumulate that unless you make it your primary goal, you end up in the middle class making do. IF, on the other hand, you make it your pri ary goal you really only have to make enogh to get to the point that it is self perpetuating. Then you just have to be either smart enough to invest it yourself (which by then you should be based on the knowledge you will have acquired in gaining your wealth) OR smart enoguh to choose a portfolio manager that can handle things for you. wealth is not a goal of mine and I am doing just fine. Being "middle class" is fine with me...I don't care. I live within my means and move right along...I guess some of us don't need a big boat to show off.
I don't understand the unfamiliarity with 80-hour executive workweeks. 14-hr days including the short Saturday were never considered abnormal, even without travel, due to the US difference in time zones. If you did business in NY and California, there's 11-hours right there. Toss in international time zones and clocks only meant what time it was in other places. Travel easily stretched them out to 100-hours and beyond. I understand that would be foreign to hourly workers, most staff, all government employees and education, but do people actually think they should be entitled to above normal acheivement measured by wealth for working 8-10 hours a day? 8-10 hour days are for after goals have been achieved and regular jobs. Those were the conditions that normally precluded a working single mother from competing at the executive level.   From many of the posts I'm reading and the state of the US and European economies, many have changed the balance of effort from stressing professional endeavors to personal time. Complete with demands for high standards of living on minimal effort. Chinese, Indian and other emerging economies are eating your lunches for obvious reasons. Yet even the people in China nad India have different standards for working. They aren't trying to achieve wealth as you define it...they try to achieve a life for their family. If I had to work 80+ hrs a week to support my family than so be it.   I find it odd that you support people working 80+hrs a week and then turn around and wonder why people are so messed up.  On the flip side, you don't want to end up like France where you "work" 6-7 hrs a day and can't be fired.
And if purple elephants fell out of the sky some people would be crushed and be unable to do it. Stop making excuses. Not everybody would do it because most people are simply too lazy. Working as hard as they needed to to in order to meet their full potential woudl mean less time to sit on their butts and watch football and whose the biggest fatass. The fact that there can be some mretty major rewards down the road for such dedication (like the ability to fly to any football game you want to see it) is too long range a concept for most people. You seem to be completely missing my point. I'm not making excuses for anyone. I am simply saying that it is inherent, in fact necessary, for some to not be able to accumulate wealth in a capitalist system.
Yet even the people in China nad India have different standards for working. They aren't trying to achieve wealth as you define it...they try to achieve a life for their family. If I had to work 80+ hrs a week to support my family than so be it.   I find it odd that you support people working 80+hrs a week and then turn around and wonder why people are so messed up.  On the flip side, you don't want to end up like France where you "work" 6-7 hrs a day and can't be fired.  Motivation and wealth can be defined in a variety of ways using different standards. If one is living at substance level, simple luxuries often appear as enormous wealth.   Some can, some can't. Many people attempt exceeding their capabilities without understanding their own skill sets and motivation.   We already have that in the US; now unionized with handsome pay and benefits, it was formerly called public service.
I understand. What I am saying is that those poeple are volunteers, and there is never any shortage of them. The reason that ANYBODY can do it is becuase the vast majority will not. It does nto take that much to get ahead of your fellow man, especially in the US. I have met a lot of peopel who have millions, or even hundreds of millions of dollars who are ocmplete and utter XXXXXX. Lacking brains, what they DO posess is the willingness to work towards a goal and just enough common sense to let thoe more knowedgable handle their affairs. I guess our primary difference in this area then is that you seem to think that the desire to get ahead of your fellow men is a desire everyone should have, and I do not.
LOL, well, while I'm living in my million dollar mansion kicking back by the pool drinking margaritas and then hopping in my Ferrari to take a spin around the block, you can tell me how worthless my life is. You sound like you are just bitterly jealous of people who are actually successful. I'll be sure to remind them to bury your car and mansion with you when you die.
I think that DrNo needs to update his life goals. It has been a long time since a million bucks would buy a mansion. At best a million $ will buy you a McMansion...and unremarkable home in a subdivision of unremarkable homes made out of cardboard and sawdust (though we call it "MDF" and "masonite" to make people feel better about their McMansions).   Sadly, burying him in his McMansion is not an option since cardboard siding is not burial rated and decays fairly rapidly due to ground contact. I am all for bulldozing and burying McMansions. Using them as a casket is just not an option. They are not built well enough.  I love McMansions...they give me something to laugh at every time I drive home. My favorite is when a new season of McMansions comes up. You see a couple thousand acres of land flattened with no tree left for miles....you then see the homes being built in about 2-3 months with the only difference being the garage is on the opposite side for every other house...every now and then you will see one with a shiny copper top doorway roof. After the homes are built, it is time to put in the fake pond and have the neighbors come out for a cookout as they show off their 2005 mid-life crisis mobile. The best part is you are never alone! Miss you neighbor? Look out the side window...he can see him about 4 feet away changing in his house.   So what is the downside to burying someone in a McMansion again?
Everybody dies, but not everybody truly lives my friend. What is wrong with wanting to have a good life while we are here on earth?  I have never found living to include trying to impress the neighbors with my ego.
Being poor isn't so bad, so long as you can afford the rent, food and transportation. I've been living on a student budget for the last 4 years, I've not often wanted much more money. Yes there are things I would buy if I had more money, and currently I don't give as much away as I should, but I can afford the basics and the odd luxury (like an internet connection). I don't think I'd be substantially happier for having a big house or a car, or any other of the trappings of wealth, and I certainly would be less happy for having to put in the long hours required to even enter the lottery that is trying to aquire mega wealth.
Only that it would not last long underground. Then again, they don't seem to last very long above ground, either, and since they are eyesores anyway, I say go for it.   Have you ever seen one burn? They go up like the cardboard packing crates that they are. My father used ot own the largest residential construction company in the state before selling it off due to housing market slowdowd. He still owns a VERY profitable business that does nothing but replace the cardboard siding on McMansions when they are 8-15 yrs old and the siding starts to fail and flake off. Not to mention the needless toxic fumes that go up when the melt (they don't burn).  Me either. It's funny you would bring up impressing the neighbors. I think that says more about your ego than mine. I could care less what other people think of me. Why do you associate wealth with ego? Because I don't want to live in a shack and scrape together loose change from the couch to buy a XXXX meal from a burger joint (which I have done in the past), that makes me egotistical? Because I strive for success and try to be the best at what I do, that makes me egotistical? Because I want to live comfortably in a nice home (preferably with NO neighbors to your apparent surprise), that makes me egotistical? There is nothing noble about being poor. Being poor sucks. And there is nothing egotistical about being wealthy. I'm not the one that was bragging about my pool, mcmansion, and fancy car   Still, DrNo, mansions start at about $120 million. You can build a nice house for less than 1 million. The key is to make sure you live out in the country where land is cheap ;). I lived in a planned community growing up...and while it was a "good" enviroment to grow up in, after you realize eveyrone there is full of themselves and annoying as hell you can't go back :)
Absolutly. DrNo specifically said "mansion" and you are not going to get a mansion for a million bucks. My house was well under a million dollars if you don't include land, outbuildings and my wifes rediculously expensive garden. I think it is nice, but at 8700 sq ft, nobody is going to be calling it a "mansion". It is just a house with a rediculously expensive garden.   I grew up in the burbs and I HATE the burbs. I LOATHE the burbs. My brothers and sisters all live in cookie cutter houses in the burbs. I don't even like to go there to visit. I would rather live in a tent than live in a McMansion.  When I was in college I framed houses during the summer. I used to go out on callbacks to fix problems in houses we had already built and sold. It always amazed me how many people had a $250,000 house with 2 $30,000 cars in the driveway, a big screen TV and leather furniture in the living room, and an air matress on the floor upstairs to sleep on and cabinets full of tuna because they blew all their money on the stuff that the neiborghs could see and then could not afford a bed or decent food. What a bunch of XXXXXX.  haha too true. My favorite house is one my grandfather built in Edenton, NC. Around it are a bunch of freaks that keep on trying to impress the other but my grandfathers house was this little house on pylons with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. The house was awesome eventhough it was small. Now, the thing was built like a rock...so when a hurricane passed by a few years ago, guess whos house was left standing (these homes are on the water by the way)? Lets right....all those big trying to impress the neighbor homes got washed away or damaged while my small humble house stayed with no damage ;)
My house is built of limestone blocks except for the front, which is brick. I had to bring in masons from out of state to construct it. It should last several hundred years as long as somebody replaces the slate roof every hundred years or so. The best part is that I never have to paint :)  Personally I have never understood the "keeping up with the joneses" mentality. Too many people try (and succeed) at living far beyond their means and it seems they are primarily just trying to one up the guy next door. I personally have never had any overriding desire to "show up" andybody by buying junk that I cannot afford and do not really need.   Don't get me wrong, I like my creature comforts and my toys. I buy them for me, not because I want the yuppie sum next door to see it and be jealous. Limestone huh? My former college uses limestone in all their buildings. Expensive, but you won't be picking up the pieces 50 years from now after a massive hurricane...not that this university would get one.
A friend asked my wife what kind of house I would want if I was inclined to build again. My wife answered, "The usual.... 2 bedrooms, 40-car garage".  Dono  Why so many bedrooms?
Limoestone is the indigenous rock around here. I considred granite, but would have had to have it shiped in at nearly 10x the cost. The limestone was not much more expensive than brick would have been. Hurricanes are not generally a problem in Kansas. I like the way the old limestone buildings look, and it is a sold bit of engineering!  You got a picture of how it looks? I have been interested in seeing how limestone would look on a house...maybe I can do a google image search.
Steeve, do people not normally make houses out of limestone in the US? If you want some pictures of limestone houses try googling for Stoke Sub Hamdon, most of the houses there are built out of the local red limestone, known as hamstone.
Where are you from that they don't have limestone houses?  I told you...I grew up in a suburb that wouldn't have them...went to a college that only had limestone buildings...I now live in an area that hasn't heard of anything but red brick and plastic siding.
Dang tree-hugging commie pinko hippie!!! ;)
there are other models of communism than the soviet one. Redistribution can be coupled with business built on the collective model, like the co-op or John Lewis in the UK, communist doesn't have to mean Stalinist.  Ouch. Please don't mention places like sweden where socialism has done quite well, or the fact that most of Europe runs under a mixed (socialist/capitalist system). It detracts from the "we defeated socialism" doctorine as well as the "socialism simply does not work" doctorine.   In the end, socialism and cpaitalism have both pretty much shown themselves to be failures. Neither has really delivered on their promise and no country has actually thrived under one or the other. The US did not grow to be the economic superpower it is today under strictly a capitalist system, it was after depression era social programs that the US really took off as an economic super power.   Since both systems have been shown to be complete and utter failures on their own, mixed systems have become fairly popular. There are, IMO, problems with mixed systems as well since I do not think it is possible to achieve and maintain an optimal balance between capitalism and socialism.  I think that eventually we will adopt a system which carries elements fo bothe but is completely different. It seems highly likely that in 100 or 200 years we will look back on both capitalism and communism as amusing but somewhat disturbing economic experiments. Both have fairly serious problems that their supporters are willfully blind to.
'Sides here in America we practicie socialism for corporations.
See your peoples problem lies here: you think just because right now the present and the past that the working class is incapable of leading. Can you not see that is ONLY because the government has fear on most American citizens that are working class. They are mind controlled to watch hours of TV and to do as they are told. Now lets say just for theories sake every American was awake to what was really going on in the world and actually knew what laws were being passed and what they do. Now you have a completely different group of people meaning you can't say the working class can't lead they have never had the chance to lead.....
I'm sorry but you will have to explain to me how socialist/capitalist France can be considered doing well with an ailing economy and 15% unemployment rates. The budding Chinese economy is breaking out of its communist ties and vaulting toward capitalism and the country is seeing unprecedented growth while France becomes more and more socialist and dies a little more each day. Now how is it that capitalism is a misreable failure?  This is pretty typical from the die hard capitalists, and part of the willful ignorance I refer to. France certainly has some problems. Most of them are social problems that are manifesting themselves partially in their economy. Ironically enough, they are the same problems that we have...a "world owes me" attitude that has driven their wage expectations through the roof.   the chinese economy is not capitalist. It never will be. It is at best a split system, and in the real world it is something entirely new that seems to incorporate aspects of capitalism, socialism, copmmunism, and fascist style corporatism.   This next section you mis quote me badly  As far as the comment on the US only being prosperous because of the socialist reforms made in the 30's is completely ludicrous. I don't know if you have heard of the roaring twenties but that was an incredibly prosperous time for the United States with none of Mr. Roosevelt's reforms. Now, let's think of the great socialist reforms that Roosevelt made.   Here is what I actually said:  In the end, socialism and cpaitalism have both pretty much shown themselves to be failures. Neither has really delivered on their promise and no country has actually thrived under one or the other. The US did not grow to be the economic superpower it is today under strictly a capitalist system, it was after depression era social programs that the US really took off as an economic super power.    I did not say anythign abotu whether the Us was prosperous. There is a WORLD of difference between being prosperous and being an economic superpower. We were not an economic superpower in the 20's. That did not come until aafter WWII.  How about we start with Social Security. What a great reform that turned out to be. Isn't that one of the biggest economic problems in this country today?   No, it isn't. Not even close. SS was a self funded program. The problem is not SS, the problem is the fact that the politicians have stolen all the money out of the SS trust fund. SS in and of itself has not ever really casued any problems. What it DID do was allow companies to downgrade payroll because people were not as concerned with being able to save enough money to retire. Post WWII it was a HUGE boon to US companies and Us industry because it took pension benifits out of the picture for all but the dumbest of employers.  If you take an historical-economic look back into the days of socialist reform, very little of the entire alphabet soup actually made a difference on the economy. It was the war that actually brought us out of the depression. Now, the SEC, FDIC, and Glass-Stegall Act were all reforms that were more or less safeguards from the severity of crashes but were not made to pull the economy out of the depression like the other reforms were. (CCC, NIRA, WPA, etc.) As history tells, legislation is not an economic panacea. It is usually a blight on economies. They stunt growth in order to rebalance money. They sacrifice efficiency with false promises of creating more equity.   And yet we have found that workers perform better and innovation, thus overallproductivity, increase if people have a safety net. Not only that, but crime falls if you do not have people starving to death in the street.    Let's consider what government does to help make the economy boom. Cutting taxes, not messing with the minimum wage, lowering interest rates (in other words, lowering the artificial rate floor and allowing an equilibrium point to be reached), tax breaks for incentive, etc. All these things are ways of taking government out of the economy and when they do, people prosper. This is completely against socialist thinking because it means government is not giving handouts. It is through growth that the economy is strong and socialism does not cultivate growth. How can you grow when startup costs for a business are way too high because of the minimum wage or taxes being too high. Who wants to expand overseas to a country with higher taxes? No one. That is nipping growth not helping.   Post WWII, with those terrible socialist programs in place that by your logic should have destroyed the US economy, the middle class in this country grew exponentially. More wealth was created in this country between 1945 and 1965 than from 1945 to our founding.   We have seen pure capitalism at work in this country and it led to a primarily 2 tiered society where the lowest quality goods were pushed at the highest possible prices (as opposed to the other way around which is what capitalist theory claims we would accomplish). People were generally either fabulously rich, or working for somebody who was fabulously rich and barely making enough to keep bread on the table. That is the reality of your capitalist utopia.  The other problem with capitalism also manifests itself in socialism...corruption. Nobody can argue that under our purely capitalist system corruption was not rampant. Those who had the money bought the policians, who helped ensure that they would always have the money, and those who didn't essentialylbecame second class citizens. This has not really changed that much today as our corporations spend billions to ensure that the laws passed in congress will benfiit them, even if it is to the detriment of the population at large.   Face it. Capitalism is flawed. In fact, capitalist theory is flawed from the outset. Capitalist theory essentially depends on infinite growth. Infinite growth is not possible. It is not even possible, if for no other reason for the fact that we live on a finite planet.
Fortunately, the Bolshevik Revolution failed. 1989, the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down, along with Soviet Ideology.  Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it.  Socialsim and Communism in the Soviet Union failed because the USSR spent its entire existence recovering from war. The country was bombed to hell by Germany twice, around the time of the world wars. The united states put unspeakable amounts of money into their war machine, which forced the Soviets to do the same. I, for one, would buy a gun If I knew my neighbor had six, and he wanted me dead.  The CIA and American military carried out immoral operations in 60+ countries since 1945. The soviet KGB, as far as I know, has only been in Germany, korea, China, and Afgahnistan.
Socialsim and Communism in the Soviet Union failed because the USSR spent its entire existence recovering from war. The country was bombed to hell by Germany twice, around the time of the world wars. The united states put unspeakable amounts of money into their war machine, which forced the Soviets to do the same. I, for one, would buy a gun If I knew my neighbor had six, and he wanted me dead.  The CIA and American military carried out immoral operations in 60+ countries since 1945. The soviet KGB, as far as I know, has only been in Germany, korea, China, and Afgahnistan.   Soviet Union hardly touched in WWI and in WWII managed to move most major factories beyond range of German Air force. So no, they weren't bombed to hell. Soviet Union kept a big army going after WWII causing formation of NATO. Not the other way around.  Better ask Eastern Europe South Africa etc re activities of KGB and Russian military.
Soviet Union hardly touched in WWI and in WWII managed to move most major factories beyond range of German Air force. So no, they weren't bombed to hell. Soviet Union kept a big army going after WWII causing formation of NATO. Not the other way around.  Better ask Eastern Europe South Africa etc re activities of KGB and Russian military.  How bad was the American homeland bombed in WWI and WWII?  Remember, the CIA was founded in 1947 by the truman administration, the KGB did not come into existence untill 1954, five years after nato. which one really came first?
How bad was the American homeland bombed in WWI and WWII?  Remember, the CIA was founded in 1947 by the truman administration, the KGB did not come into existence untill 1954, five years after nato. which one really came first?  Don't be silly, the KGB was only a name change. It had been going since the Bolshevik revolution c 1917 and had a history under the Czars long before that
 With no angry mob to storm the Bastille, communism simply withers on the vine. Roosevelt's reforms led to the increase in the middle class with an attendant decrease in interest in communism. It may be argued that TR, rather than RR defeated the Evil Empire.  Excellent points. I would call it a joint effort.
Don't be silly, the KGB was only a name change. It had been going since the Bolshevik revolution c 1917 and had a history under the Czars long before that  Proof? with proof, I can say CIA type activity was being carried out by teddy Roosevelt in Panama, and this is before the CIA or OSS name. The czars were overthrown, in a REVOLUTION, like the american revolution that rid us of british tyrants and gave us american ones. A chicken or or the egg question really
The government of Sweden is a constitutional monarchy with a representative democracy based on a parliamentary system. Its affairs are directed by a cabinet of ministers, which is led by a Prime Minister. The cabinet and the Prime Minister are responsible for their actions to the Riksdag. This does not suggest that Sweden is a socialist nation. It may have government programs that create security for it's 9 million people but it probably does not qualify as socialist as the creator of this thread suggest is possible. Workers do not make executive decisions.
Proof? with proof, I can say CIA type activity was being carried out by teddy Roosevelt in Panama, and this is before the CIA or OSS name. The czars were overthrown, in a REVOLUTION, like the american revolution that rid us of british tyrants and gave us american ones. A chicken or or the egg question really   Simple History.  CHEKA founded at time of Revolution c 1917/18 change to  OGPU changed to  NKGB changed to  NKVD changed to  KGB now changed to  FSB & SVR
You missed the bits about huge quantities of EU subsidy then, I take it? Basically Ireland is more of a textbook case of the effectiveness of Keynesian economic theories, with the added benefit that Ireland doesn't have to pay a lot of the money back.
It's called "priming the pump". Large quantities of money flowed into Ireland from Germany and the UK (among others) via the EU, much of it spent on infrastructure projects. Infrastructure projects have a massive multiplier effect on any money going into them. Also, a big part of Ireland's success has been due to government spending on education - a well educated work force is what attracted the likes of Intel to Ireland.  If African nations had the same circumstances Ireland had - vast quantities of free money, a tarrif-free market available to exporters with 300 million consumers a short boat ride away, then sure they'd be as successful. Don't forget that most economies are built on protectionism - that's how South Korea and most of the Asian tigers got to be powerful. I've yet to see a single example of a country managing to build home-grown industry from scratch in a free market context.
Today I woke up thinking about communism and capitalism. Over time, I've heard a lot of negative comments about capitalism--that its not 'fair' and that people are hurt by having to compete and many other things. I was thinking about how the people who espouse communism deny that the USSR was 'true communism'.   But I was thinking that there are places where 'true' communism has been practiced for thousands of years. I, of course, am referring to the tribes living in the jungle rainforests in Brazil, Africa, and S. Asia. Now, whether or not you think that one culture is 'better' or not, we can say that, in the thousands of years they've been at it, life hasn't changed much in those cultures. They have an extremely high infant mortality rate and are acceptable to minor changes in the environment (1 year drought can wipe out a whole village, etc). These villages share everything. One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Now, capitalism has only been for a few hundred years and our society has literally rocketed from agrarian to the moon. IMO This is indicative of the effort people will generate when they are able to accumulate private property.  I'd like to get some feedback from both sides on this issue, especially people who think that capitalism isn't a good system. Thanks!
I would recommending reading this description of Marxism:  http://www.fredoneverything.net/Marx.shtml    .
I would recommending reading this description of Marxism:  http://www.fredoneverything.net/Marx.shtml    .   LOVED it brother!
Cun, the USSR was not Communist.   For a nation to be communist, a few things need to be in place: 1) Rule by the workers, essentially a democracy 2) Classless Society 3) Communal Ownership  Now, if you look at the USSR, it was run by a few men, or one man at any one point in time. The workers had virtually no say in the direction of the nation or policy. That is antithetical to Communism. Second, classes did exist. Those higher up within the military as well as those in the party were significently better off and had more rights and powers then the average citizen. The scientists in the military and research cities had much more ownership rights and were rewarded based on a capitalistic method. The more research and applied concepts they produced the more stuff they got, like fridges and cars.   That's not a Marxist Communist nation.
CUNx,  One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Why are these necessarily the most important values for a society to have?  Sounds more than a bit ethnocentric to me.emoticon_smile
CUNx,  One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Why are these necessarily the most important values for a society to have?  Sounds more than a bit ethnocentric to me.emoticon_smile  Perhaps, but my wife watches a show called living with the Mek. Those people haven't changed in 1000 years and they still have a high infant mortality rate, the entire tribe faces death when there is the slightest trouble with the food supply, and they're susceptible to every disease and have no medicine. One bad year can wipe an entire tribe out.
Cun, the USSR was not Communist.   For a nation to be communist, a few things need to be in place: 1) Rule by the workers, essentially a democracy 2) Classless Society 3) Communal Ownership  Now, if you look at the USSR, it was run by a few men, or one man at any one point in time. The workers had virtually no say in the direction of the nation or policy. That is antithetical to Communism. Second, classes did exist. Those higher up within the military as well as those in the party were significently better off and had more rights and powers then the average citizen. The scientists in the military and research cities had much more ownership rights and were rewarded based on a capitalistic method. The more research and applied concepts they produced the more stuff they got, like fridges and cars.   That's not a Marxist Communist nation.  No, but the Mek are!
First, I'm sure that the Cuban's report whatever they feel is 'good' for Cuba. But I'm sure the difference between Cuba and the US is nothing compared to the US and the Mek or even Mexico and the Mek.
Debates about what the "better" system is are as old as the hills and frankly will (IMO) never be resolved for the simple fact that there are serious problems with both systems. For every example like the Mek, I could give you 10 examples of poor, starving trabes in Africa that are based on a capitalist system. Neither system seems to ensure prosperity or to even increase the odds of prosperity.  Part of the problem with capitalism is with our implementation of capitalism, which more closely resembles feudalism than any classic picture of capitalism. Maybe it is a fundamental weakness of capitalist systems that those who manage to acquire wealth will use that wealth to influence whatever governing power exists in order to codify unfair advantages for themselves. It has certainly happened in every capitalist society we have ever seen, so maybe it is inherent to the capitalist system.   In all practicality the "best" system for now is probably some mix of the two. IMO part of what has hampered our development as a species over the last several decades has been the idea that there are essentially 2 choices when it comes to the system we live under and we MUST pick one and defend it. The day may well come that we recognize that NEITHER system is the answer to all the worlds ills.   In the mean time, we seem to have an awful lot of people who would not know a free market if they tripped over it running around arguing that letting the free market sort out industries like the oil industry and health care industry, which are not free market industries either in practice or by their very nature.   That seems to pollute the issue quite a bit.
Debates about what the "better" system is are as old as the hills and frankly will (IMO) never be resolved for the simple fact that there are serious problems with both systems. For every example like the Mek, I could give you 10 examples of poor, starving trabes in Africa that are based on a capitalist system. Neither system seems to ensure prosperity or to even increase the odds of prosperity.  And more pointed, Somalia during the warlord eras was essentially anarchy. That is absolutely free capitalism. Yet Somalia's GDP actually decreased significently during those times of absolute free capitalism.   Maybe it is a fundamental weakness of capitalist systems that those who manage to acquire wealth will use that wealth to influence whatever governing power exists in order to codify unfair advantages for themselves. It has certainly happened in every capitalist society we have ever seen, so maybe it is inherent to the capitalist system.  That is assumed with Capitalism. The very framework for capitalism to operate properly is one that can be manipulated by those within it.   In the mean time, we seem to have an awful lot of people who would not know a free market if they tripped over it running around arguing that letting the free market sort out industries like the oil industry and health care industry, which are not free market industries either in practice or by their very nature.  Well that is partially due to their failure to understand what capitalism actually is. One user I was talking to said that a capitalistic market will take care of the uninsured. He fled the scene after I discussed that capitalist ventures only allocate resources towards things that will be profitable. Uninsured and poverty healthcare is a money losing proposition. Therefore no capitalist venture will engage in it.
Well, I'm basing this on figures from the CIA World Factbook. Are you saying the CIA trusts Cuban propaganda? emoticon_xclown   Their track record hasn't been sparkling, ever since Clinton dismantled them in the 90's.emoticon_xclown
Now, capitalism has only been for a few hundred years and our society has literally rocketed from agrarian to the moon. IMO This is indicative of the effort people will generate when they are able to accumulate private property.  I'd like to get some feedback from both sides on this issue, especially people who think that capitalism isn't a good system. Thanks!  The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.
The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.  Which shows that early development for many things is properly done in the public setting (which is seems to be true given the huge grants to universities) while commercial development and refinement is done best in the private sector.   This isn't a bad thing. In fact this may be the best allocation of resources. Capitalism generally does not allocate resources to ventures it believes may not work where public financing often does.
The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.   I think you have a point in some respects, but it is generally the profit incentive that really pushes and drives advances. Bell's telephone networks are still running and Edison's light bulb is lighting the way. The dishwasher to the automobile to the many patents of GE have all been private. Look at other countries (ie. the former USSR and China) who generally rely on stolen technology for their economies and military, since the real breakthroughs come from profit motivated systems.
I think you have a point in some respects, but it is generally the profit incentive that really pushes and drives advances. Bell's telephone networks are still running and Edison's light bulb is lighting the way. The dishwasher to the automobile to the many patents of GE have all been private. Look at other countries (ie. the former USSR and China) who generally rely on stolen technology for their economies and military, since the real breakthroughs come from profit motivated systems.  These are pretty bad examples since both the nations electrical grid and the phone system were constructed almost entirely using public monies.   There seems to be some disconnect here when it comes to the definition of capitalism. Capitalism does not necessarily preclude the possibility of government investment in some areas, particularly infrastructure investment. If not for government investment, we would not be much better off than some of those tribes were were discussing earlier that despite a capitalist structure are still running around in loin cloths chucking spears at their dinner.  Look at the automobile. Before Henry Ford even finished his first factory he had employed people who did nothing but travel around trying to convince state and local governments to install automobile friendly roads. Automobiles were not well suited for the wagon tracks that passed for roads in most of the country and Ford knew that if governments, starting with federal followed by state and local, could not be convinced to install the better roads that led consumers to purchase automobiles that his brain child was going to be stillborn.   This is what a lot of the "free market" advocates cannot seem to get their heads wrapped around. "The market" does a pretty decent job of spurring innovation when it comes to short term projects. When it comes to the longer view, the "free market" falls flat on its face because if there is not a profit there in the immediate and foreseeable future, nobody is going to do it. I have actually seen people argue for a market supplied solution to road building and maintenance. The argument falls flat on its face in the face of logical discussion and real world experience.  We are getting into a "free market" type debate of late when it comes to alternative energy research and if the free marketers have their way, we are going to end up in a crisis with large numbers of Americans starving in the streets (literally). It may already be too late.  The problem is that we are coming up on peak oil. At this point the only question is which year we passed it. The problem is that Alternative energy is still not really profitable for the most part and will not be for several more years. Thus far, the government has funded over 80% of AE research that has been done, so even the relatively minimal strides we have made there are thanks to government funding. Where the real problem comes is when oil production starts to decline. Studies have shown that in order to make it through that with only minimal disruptions (and even the "minimal disruptions" scenario sounds pretty bad when you consider our current lifestyles) we will have needed to start a CRASH PROGRAM similar to the Manhattan project 20 years before it occurs.   This is jsut not something that free markets do well  It is worth noting when discussing the relative merits of capitalism and socialism that both terms denote a means of production, no more, no less. Anything else that you amy attach to the terms is emotional baggage.
Dae,  I hear you and have said many times that I'm not a Laissez Faire type guy. My point was that the ability to accumulate capital (personal property) is the reason that the US is the country it is today. Sure there's a place for the govt. in ANY system, including this one. However, the reason our country has done so well, for so long and the reason we're so productive as workers is the fact that we have a right to participate in the system and accumulate wealth.   Yes, the govt. will be needed to provide certain services. Yes, it is necessary to have rules, taxes, and a govt. to provide security and facilitate trade and etc... I've never said any different. However, there's a difference between saying that and saying that everything good has come through the govt. That's not true and if it was the USSR (or Germany) would rule the world today. The private sector is what drives the govt. and the economy. Without the Private Sector, there wouldn't be any govt. or tax money or tax payers to fund all the wonderful things that the govt. does. But too much govt. and the private sector whithers and with it, the govt. as well.
Dae,  I hear you and have said many times that I'm not a Laissez Faire type guy. My point was that the ability to accumulate capital (personal property) is the reason that the US is the country it is today. Sure there's a place for the govt. in ANY system, including this one. However, the reason our country has done so well, for so long and the reason we're so productive as workers is the fact that we have a right to participate in the system and accumulate wealth.   Yes, the govt. will be needed to provide certain services. Yes, it is necessary to have rules, taxes, and a govt. to provide security and facilitate trade and etc... I've never said any different. However, there's a difference between saying that and saying that everything good has come through the govt. That's not true and if it was the USSR (or Germany) would rule the world today. The private sector is what drives the govt. and the economy. Without the Private Sector, there wouldn't be any govt. or tax money or tax payers to fund all the wonderful things that the govt. does. But too much govt. and the private sector whithers and with it, the govt. as well. I think you undervalue the combination of poor immigrants and vast untapped natural resources as it pertains to our success.
Your argument doesn't hold up. The economy of the USSR went from feudal agrarian to industrial in less than half a century. The proletariat at the time of the revolution numbered 4% of the population. The command economy catapulted the USSR to superpower status, which it only lost as a result of trying to maintain military superiority (40% of GDP on arms is going to do that). Many criticisms can be made of the USSR, lack of economic growth is not one of them. When capitalism was allowed in, look at the mess that resulted.   First of all, the people of the USSR were whipped into submission for that entire time. Not only didn't they have freedom, they didn't have meat, butter, or any of those 'little extras' we're so used to here. They were slaves to the state, basically. It's completely ludicrous to think that the 'average' citizen of the USSR lived in any comparable comfort to Westerners. Of course, those are the ones who lived and weren't murdered by Stalin or the KGB. GREAT PLACE, YEAH!!!!!!
First of all, the people of the USSR were whipped into submission for that entire time. Not only didn't they have freedom, they didn't have meat, butter, or any of those 'little extras' we're so used to here. They were slaves to the state, basically. It's completely ludicrous to think that the 'average' citizen of the USSR lived in any comparable comfort to Westerners. Of course, those are the ones who lived and weren't murdered by Stalin or the KGB. GREAT PLACE, YEAH!!!!!!  And you think that the tyranny and oppression under which the Soviets lived was the result of their economic system???
And you think that the tyranny and oppression under which the Soviets lived was the result of their economic system???   Actually, the only way a govt. could ever control a person enough to supplant their natural wish for freedom and opportunity is to brutally subjugate them. So, yes, actually, the brutality IS a result of their economic system. If the people (in the USSR) had had the ability to participate in the economic system then they wouldn't have had to have been suppressed like that. Look at China now (and Cuba, etc...) the reason that communist citizens must be totally controlled is because they aren't free and because that economic system can't produce enough of the products that people need (much less the products they want).
You continue to neglect the very recent pre-industrial starting points of all these countries. I should also point out that America's wealth was built on slavery too. The reason the USSR couldn't provide for its people was that it was spending 40% of GDP on armaments and empire building. Political freedom has little to do with economic systems, most ordinary citizens have little control over what is produced by the economy, and what goods are available to them. A democratically controlled command economy would actually have more scope for freedom than the current plutocratic system. Every time a country has attempted democratic socialism, the CIA have intervened backing death squads and the like to suppress it. Ever heard of the School of the Americas?   The STARTING POINT of EVERYTHING was 'pre-industrial'. The US started with a couple of boat loads of people. How's that for a slow start? Hell, the USSR and others had to fence people in to their 'utopian' wonderland. As for the US wealth being built on Slavery, that's just plain wrong. The agrairian South (Actually the South East really) was the only place in the US that used slaves. The general culture of the south was poor and rural. The US spent much more ridding our country of slaver (durring the Civil war) than that economic system ever produced.  "A democratically controlled command economy"? Yeah, right. Private Property is what gives people the incentive to be productive. Again, the proof is in the pudding. The US isn't the most populous country nor is it the biggest. It certainly isn't the oldest. But something about this young country has propelled not only us but much of the rest of the world into the modern era with a huge middle class and a robust economy that's produced more wealth, as well as technological and medical advances. What is it that makes the US so great? One of the biggest reasons is our SYSTEM. The system that allows people to control their own economic destiny.
The STARTING POINT of EVERYTHING was 'pre-industrial'. The US started with a couple of boat loads of people. How's that for a slow start? Hell, the USSR and others had to fence people in to their 'utopian' wonderland. As for the US wealth being built on Slavery, that's just plain wrong. The agrairian South (Actually the South East really) was the only place in the US that used slaves. The general culture of the south was poor and rural. The US spent much more ridding our country of slaver (durring the Civil war) than that economic system ever produced.  "A democratically controlled command economy"? Yeah, right. Private Property is what gives people the incentive to be productive. Again, the proof is in the pudding. The US isn't the most populous country nor is it the biggest. It certainly isn't the oldest. But something about this young country has propelled not only us but much of the rest of the world into the modern era with a huge middle class and a robust economy that's produced more wealth, as well as technological and medical advances. What is it that makes the US so great? One of the biggest reasons is our SYSTEM. The system that allows people to control their own economic destiny.  LOL. Not exactly.   The US was originally populated as part of the European imperial drive which was itself the result of the fact that Europe was starting to bump up against some pretty serious resource constraints so they were essentially forced to adopt a (very expensive) drive to increase their territory and, by proxy, their resource base.  The US was a HUGE land just chalk full of the kind of natural resources that Europe needed. Initially it was this massive resource base that allowed the US to prosper (but only with some decidedly un-capitalist measures to encourage people to emigrate here to exploit those resources). As natural resources in Europe and England dwindled, the US make an enormous amount of money exploiting and selling ours. by 1915 fully half of the worlds gold reserves (talking bullion and coins here...not gold in place) had been produced by the United States.   What actually allowed the US to emerge as a world leader and the richest nation in the world was WWII. Prior to WWII (and prior to the depression) Americans had a reasonably good standard of living, but nothing to write home about. Most Europeans had a comparable standard of living with many countries actually surpassing the US in that regard. When WWII came along, our government instituted massive spending programs to tool up for the war. They were careful to ensure that the money they spent for wartime production would not be wasted when the war was over. They ensured that the factories, etc.. that were built could serve a dual purpose...they could be quickly converted to civilian production in a post war world.  Post WWII we had the only intact industrial infrastructure on the planet. That gave us a pretty good edge when it came to trade. We sold the rest of the world consumer goods. WE sold them industrial goods. We financed all the sales and collected interest on them for the next 20 years. If there was ever a "golden age" for america, that was it. Incomes shot through the roof, standard of living shot through the roof, debt hit an all time low (people did not need to borrow...they were making too much money to need that...only about 20% of people even took out mortgages for their homes). Since all that growth was the result of the production of tangible value, inflation was not even a problem.   We made so much money in the post WWII manufacturing boom that it pretty much has allowed us to live on our national "savings" and rack up debt for the last 30 years, which from an industrial standpoint have been largely unproductive. That is also why we are now the worlds biggest debtor nation, our treasury secretary keeps having to get up in front of congress and warn that we are nearing insolvency, and our comptroller keeps warning us that we may well end up a third world nation within the next couple decades.   None of this is the result of capitalism. In fact the resource exploitation that pretty much funded the country for the first half of its existence was primarily the result of socialist like policies.   I will be the first to agree that capitalism is a pretty good system but you seem to have a real problem with the relationship between correlation and causation.
LOL. Not exactly.   The US was originally populated as part of the European imperial drive which was itself the result of the fact that Europe was starting to bump up against some pretty serious resource constraints so they were essentially forced to adopt a (very expensive) drive to increase their territory and, by proxy, their resource base.  The US was a HUGE land just chalk full of the kind of natural resources that Europe needed. Initially it was this massive resource base that allowed the US to prosper (but only with some decidedly un-capitalist measures to encourage people to emigrate here to exploit those resources). As natural resources in Europe and England dwindled, the US make an enormous amount of money exploiting and selling ours. by 1915 fully half of the worlds gold reserves (talking bullion and coins here...not gold in place) had been produced by the United States.   What actually allowed the US to emerge as a world leader and the richest nation in the world was WWII. Prior to WWII (and prior to the depression) Americans had a reasonably good standard of living, but nothing to write home about. Most Europeans had a comparable standard of living with many countries actually surpassing the US in that regard. When WWII came along, our government instituted massive spending programs to tool up for the war. They were careful to ensure that the money they spent for wartime production would not be wasted when the war was over. They ensured that the factories, etc.. that were built could serve a dual purpose...they could be quickly converted to civilian production in a post war world.  Post WWII we had the only intact industrial infrastructure on the planet. That gave us a pretty good edge when it came to trade. We sold the rest of the world consumer goods. WE sold them industrial goods. We financed all the sales and collected interest on them for the next 20 years. If there was ever a "golden age" for america, that was it. Incomes shot through the roof, standard of living shot through the roof, debt hit an all time low (people did not need to borrow...they were making too much money to need that...only about 20% of people even took out mortgages for their homes). Since all that growth was the result of the production of tangible value, inflation was not even a problem.   We made so much money in the post WWII manufacturing boom that it pretty much has allowed us to live on our national "savings" and rack up debt for the last 30 years, which from an industrial standpoint have been largely unproductive. That is also why we are now the worlds biggest debtor nation, our treasury secretary keeps having to get up in front of congress and warn that we are nearing insolvency, and our comptroller keeps warning us that we may well end up a third world nation within the next couple decades.   None of this is the result of capitalism. In fact the resource exploitation that pretty much funded the country for the first half of its existence was primarily the result of socialist like policies.   I will be the first to agree that capitalism is a pretty good system but you seem to have a real problem with the relationship between correlation and causation.   Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  As other posters have pointed out, climate has a lot to do with it, as does the fact that they had their industrial revolution later than we did and did not have the socialist, anti private property policies that the US had in place to encourage productive resource utilization. Additionally, while they do have large amounts of some resources, they were not lucky enough to end up with literally millions of tons of gold that they could just wash out of streams or that could be accessed with 19th century mining technology.   The USSR failed because we engaged them in an expensive proxy war for decades, after they took MASSIVE losses in WWII.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  Interestingly enough, it has relatively little to do with capitalism. The USSR industrialized and grew its GDP to relatively near the the US, except it did it in 30~40 years where the US took 200. Britain took even longer. That's a serious accomplishment. What is preventing Russia to grow outside of hydrocarbons it is serious lack of the necessary legal and regulatory framework for capitalism to function. Perestroika & Glasnost essentially screwed over Russia. Too much too soon. It's not Communism vs Capitalism that is preventing Russian growth. It is the lack of a proper legal and regulatory framework.
The climate certainly has an impact, as does the starting point, which you keep trying to wriggle out of. Russia only emancipated its serfs in the late 19th century, something which happened centuries earlier in western europe. It took the capitalist system 300 years to achieve what centralised planning managed in 50. It's also worth noting that during the quickest phases of development, both the US and western europe were heavily protectionist and supportive of their own industries, they developed best with the addition of central support, much as China is doing today and South Korea did previously.  The USSR wasn't EVER able to properly support its people. The only reason that system was able to last as long as it did was because the people were beaten into submission. The people of the USSR and other communist countries only allowed the system to persist because they either were 1. in control or 2. controlled. That communist could ever compete with capitalism is impossible and wouldn't have lasted half as long as it did without the iron fist of the govt.  @dae You want to talk about Massive losses, Stalin killed 20,000,000 people. Obviously they had population to spare.  @ O.C. I'm talking more about the USSR, not so much the problems of Russia today (which are many). The point is that A. communism never competed with capitalism economically since we were able to win the Guns AND Butter races and B. the main difference is that people in capitalist societies participate because they CAN and in Communist countries because the HAVE to. People are much more productive doing things that the choose to do rather than things they are forced to do....
The USSR wasn't EVER able to properly support its people. The only reason that system was able to last as long as it did was because the people were beaten into submission. The people of the USSR and other communist countries only allowed the system to persist because they either were 1. in control or 2. controlled. That communist could ever compete with capitalism is impossible and wouldn't have lasted half as long as it did without the iron fist of the govt.  And then somebody whispers "Sweden" and your entire argument swirls down the toilet. Sweden is a nation of granola crunching socialists and they have the highest standard of living in the world...higher even than the US.   I admit that I have not kept up on world events quite as well since I retired, but I have not seen any stories about Swedish death camps or about the tyrannical conditions under which the swedes live.   @dae You want to talk about Massive losses, Stalin killed 20,000,000 people. Obviously they had population to spare.   They did have population to spare....especially since so much of their industrial infrastructure and so many of their major cities had been completely WIPED OUT. That is why we won the "guns and butter" race. They had to start the race by building an entirely new industrial infrastructure and rebuilding several major cities. We started the race with a brand new industrial infrastructure and no war damage.   In that same vein...how many European nations, which started rebuilding at the same time as the Soviets, but with massive aid from the US, managed to rebuild into a superpower?? I can not think of any off the top of my head.
I don't think the all the people in the US participate out of choice, for many they are forced to work horrendous hours for sub-survivable wages in order to scrape by. The unemployed are forced into work long distances from home simply to satisfy the middle class lust for punishment of the poor, with no thought to helping them secure retraining and a long term future. Not to mention all those living with chronic illnesses because they can't afford insurance or medical fees.  Jo, even unemployeed people on welfare have flatscreen tvs and cable.
[QUOTE]And then somebody whispers "Sweden" and your entire argument swirls down the toilet. Sweden is a nation of granola crunching socialists and they have the highest standard of living in the world...higher even than the US.   Except the difference is that Sweden makes its money laundering everyone ELSE'S dirty money.   I admit that I have not kept up on world events quite as well since I retired, but I have not seen any stories about Swedish death camps or about the tyrannical conditions under which the swedes live.   No, and if the US was a tiny, mountainous, homogeneous country made of gold and banks full of well educated people who don't mind working for a living, we probably wouldn't have half the problems we have here today. But of course, then everyone would be speaking German, Italian, and Japoneese and the world would be just GREAT! yeehaa!    They did have population to spare....especially since so much of their industrial infrastructure and so many of their major cities had been completely WIPED OUT. That is why we won the "guns and butter" race. They had to start the race by building an entirely new industrial infrastructure and rebuilding several major cities. We started the race with a brand new industrial infrastructure and no war damage.   In that same vein...how many European nations, which started rebuilding at the same time as the Soviets, but with massive aid from the US, managed to rebuild into a superpower?? I can not think of any off the top of my head.   Actually, their industrial infrastructure was put on trains and moved East to avoid war damage AND the US gave them plenty of Aid during the war. But I guess the fact that the entire 100,000,000 (-20,000,000 killed) population were basically slave labor helped too! And they were able to keep them enslaved for about 50 more years, until they realized its better to be free (and have butter and TV's)
Prove it. Prove that every unemployed person has cable and a flatscreen TV. Heck, prove to me that more than half have them.  I happen to know many people who receive benefits of various kinds. The particular example I was thinking of is a couple who have (including 2 of hers from a previous relationship) 4 kids, a drug problem, AND a computer and a flat screen TV. They get jobs every now and then but, as I said, still manage to keep the cable on (most of the time). Also, as I've said before, I grew up very poor in MD. I knew many people (and still do) who got food stamps (now called the independence cardemoticon_frazzled ) and HBO, they didn't have flat screens then-lol. There many, many examples of this. Our poor should be the envy of the world (or are) and most of their problems are, one way or another, of their own making.   EDIT: learn the difference between Sweden and Switzerland.  LOL, my glasses broke and its getting rather embarrassing
LOL, my glasses broke and its getting rather embarrassing  I too would be embarrassed, if I was as ignorant as you.
I too would be embarrassed, if I was as ignorant as you.  Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  Cunxtime was liked and respected by all but a few on this site. Dont be too offended by some insults..We all give and recieve them from time to time,its part of the fun! Thank you for confiming what most of us suspected but the person that insulted Sep would not have known that he had passed away. Maybe you will stick around and become one of the regular combatants! Please give my/our regards to Seps widow who was kind enough to let us know how ill he was.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  You have my condolences over the passing of your brother.
Condolences too. What a happy coincidence that you should log on to this site a mere 6 hours after a passing troll registers here and attacks Sep's two years old post. I'm confident you'll be able to quickly pick up the skills in order to defend your dead brother's reputation, and indeed establish one of your own. Welcome.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  My condolences on your lost. Your brother had a keen mind. We enjoyed his wit as well.  We hope you stay a while.
   ... But I was thinking that there are places where 'true' communism has been practiced for thousands of years. I, of course, am referring to the tribes living in the jungle rainforests in Brazil, Africa, and S. Asia. ...   Yes, the term communism has many different meanings.   Ludwik Kowalski (see Wikipedia) .
Do you favor Legalizing the Medical use of Marijuana ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/medical_marijuana .HTM
Is 'decriminalisation' ever considered an option?
They just recently legalized marijuana in Canada and they don't seem to be having much problems now that it's legal  Um, that's not really accurate... See this page from the CBC.  My father tried to get a medical waiver for "medicinal use", but apparently 10 joints a day is considered more along the lines of "habitual use". ;)  He does have a valid medical need for it, but he likes to over-medicate.  The same is true for lots of people. Like my grandmother, who's been on doctor-prescribed daily sedatives for more than 50 years.
Just a few thoughts.  Jurisdictions that arrest people for driving drunk usually permit the construction and operation of bars that have parking lots.  Legalization of marijuana will be difficult to accomplish because of the present tremendous income to lawyers and police due to its being illegal.  The government could tax (highly) the sale of marijuana and pay off the national debt in a relatively short time.  Hehe! In Louisiana (where I am from) we have drive-though dacquiri shops where they give you the huge cup with a straw right in yer car, and drive-through liquor stores, of course.  Not true really. The governement spends a huge amount of money on anti-marijuana campaigns and advertisements. Also, they pay (quite well at that) a large staff to fight the war on drugs, people to do research, people to write articles, etc... Then they also pay to keep these "dangerous criminals" locked up in local, county, state and federal prisons, as well as the litigation to put them there. Yes, some lawyers are making money off of marijuana arrests, but consider that the DA and public defenders all work for the state or city, which means that we as taxpayers are footing the bill for this. It seems to be a common misconception that the police and legal system make a great deal of money off of drug arrests. How exactly do they make money off of them and where does thatt money come from? The only way to make drug arrests profitable is to sell the drugs back to the drug dealers, which to no surprise has been done more than a few times (not as a rule, but it has happened). By making drugs, especially marijuana legal, we would be eliminating all of this wasteful spending, and could focus our money towards more worthwhile costs.  Just because we think it's "wasteful spending" doesn't mean all those cops, DA's and prison wardens don't call it an honest livin'.
Bump.... I thought those who were on the other thread might like to read this one too.... emoticon_xangel
I think it should be legalized for medical use only (reducing the pain, nausea, and weight loss caused by AIDS). If it can ease the pain and suffering of someone, that's fine. I see no use for it other than that. What kind of society will we live in when people can freely smoke something that is 5 times more cancerous than cigarettes, causes lung damage, and pregnancy complications.   It impairs motor coordination, reaction time, and it's a mild hallucinogen; great, another thing to have to test motorists for. Drunk driving isn't even under control yet, why should there be something else to monitor. It can change the brain chemistry and makes the brain more open for such other drugs as cocaine and heroin: gateway drug. I just don't think it's a good idea.  Used information from "Psychology Seventh Edition" David G. Myers Since the question for for medical use.... Let's see I can think of numerous drugs that all do those things that are prescribed daily to millions of people. Morphine=addictive Oxycontin=addictive need I say more.... hmm gateway drugs
I've seen people do more stupid things drunk than high.   Pardon my French, but so ****ing what?
Pardon my French, but so ****ing what?  Its quite simple really.
Man has been smoking pot since man discovered it... keeping it illegal won't change that!   I myself discovered pot while still in school. My friends and I also discovered beer about the same time. Another thing we discovered was unless you could find an adult to buy you beer you couldn't get it. Of course getting pot was as easy as going to school, or the arcade, or the public pool, or the park ect.  In no way am I saying it was ok to do these things at that age, but think about... I can tell you from personal experience pot is easier for kids to get than beer!!!  The difference .. one is legal and controled the other is not.  Perhaps this is a good reason to make it legal.  Actually, the real reason is that one is easily concealed and the other is not so easily concealed.  If a case of beer could fit in your pocket then you'd be able to buy beer at school.  And I don't know about you, but it wasn't all THAT hard to get alcohol.
Well speed is homegrown and the profits stay within the US. Then there is the productivity benifits of having a jacked up population that never sleeps and can do manual tedious labor for days on end
Marijuana is illegal as medicine because the government makes no money out of it. As soon as Pfizer or Merck design a superweed, marijuana will be legal before you can say dope. Aren't there already drugs in existence that contain the chemicals that are (supposedly) beneficial in marijuana (i.e. THC)?
Let's legalize craziness! Craziness is already legal, just look at all the neo-cons that got elected into power. ;)
I have enjoyed reading viewpoints in this thread. I think all will admit that we are losing this war on drugs, which is primarily a war on supply. Regardless of the product, if a demand exists that guarantees huge profits then there will always be those that will feed that demand. I don't see a victory on the horizon, but I do think the war should be fought on both fronts and more done to reduce demand. Alcohol and smoking are trending downward as our youth no longer see it as cool. Hopefully with the right education and rehab efforts we can, over time, slow the flow of new and old customers. Legalization as a means to winning this war is a complex subject with a lot of unanswered questions and I hope to see more studies on this. Major question is can the war be won or is it just an ongoing holding action. Dono
I would argue that there would be a decrease in crime, for certain. And why is that?
@JPSartre  Ok, you're being overly technical here. Yes, legalization of all drugs would decrease drug crime in the same way that legalization of murder would decrease violent crime. This doesn't stop people from using though.  On another note, I do think the "War on Drugs" has been handled very poorly. We need to treat users very differently than we treat traffickers and the like.  Personally, I am for decriminilization of pot, but not legalization, and that's it.
So, your position is based on pragmatism and not principle? Of course it is. We don't live in a theocracy here. Who we jail always should be about pragmatism. The purpose of jailing people is to protect society; either through removing those people from society, or rehabilitating them.  I do not think we need mandatory sentencing which has tossed judicial discretion out the window. I think we need to be treating users, not jailing them.  As far as pot is concerned, I take that position because I think our money is far better spent on education and health care and the like, rather than keeping a twenty year old pothead behind bars.
So you have to be in a theocracy in order to have principles? emoticon_confused  My point was we shouldn't be jailing people based on the current whim principles of whoever is in office at the moment. We don't jail people for speaking negatively about the bible for example, simply because someone in power values it.  Mandatory sentencing is counter-productive if you have a limited jail capacity. Mandatory sentencing is counter=productive period. That's what I said.  Personally, I think that my money is better spent BY ME rather than Uncle Sam. :)  That's for a entirely different discussion about conservativism and liberalism.
why cant the goverment decide how to spend there money i dont get your point could you clariphy
Should marijuana be legalized?  Whats stopping the legalization of it?
It's gonna be a long summer. emoticon_rolleyes
Seems to be a lot of bad information about various drugs.  Alcohol:  1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive. Sometimes physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Moderate (usually self limiting, however when consumed in massive doses over a short period of time, can cause death due to liver failure, kidney failure, apnea (lack of breathing), or disturbance in electrolyte balance causing sudden cardiac arrest.)    Heroin: 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Both highly psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (simply put to much in the syringe, or unexpectedly get a more potent dose, you stop breathing, dead)  Cocaine (including crack): 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (snort or smoke too much, massive heart attack, dead)  Marijuana: 1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive, not physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Extremely Low (you would have to smoke an enormous amount of marijuana to kill you, not likely)  Tobacco: 1. High potential for abuse. 2. Both psychologically and physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Low (usually as the result of underlying cardiac disease aggravated by cardiac affects of nicotine)  Tylenol: 1. Low potential for abuse. 2. Neither psychologically or physically addictive 3. Potential for fatal overdose: High (taking simply 5-10 times normal dose can cause liver failure and clotting problems)  Do all drugs have side effects? Yes. Can most drugs be damaging when taken in excessive dosages? Yes. Can most drugs have serious effects on health after long term or excessive usage? Yes.   Know your drug. Know your dosage. Know the effects. Know the risks. Know the long term consequences. I'd like to add chocolate cake to the list.   Chocolate cake: 1. Moderate potential for abuse. 2. Psychologically addictive, not physically addictive. 3. Potential for fatal overdose: Extremely Low (you would have to eat an enormous amount of chocolate cake to kill you, not likely)
Everything can be psychologically addictive. Or, better, people can get addicted to anything. This forum could become someone's addiction.  The problem with drugs is not what the drug does to the drug user. It's what the drug drives the user to do to others that the problem. From employment loss to crime and I'm not talking about smuggling. I'm talking about minors prostituting themselves for their drug money. About shaking teenagers robbing people in parks. About teenagers stealing their grandfather's WWII medals and pawning them.  P.S. Teenagers are generally more easily ensnared, that's why I'm focusing on them. However, adults are no better at all.
Well, uh... I know I might sound like a freaking degenerated european leftist, or whatever EZ and likes label people like me, but, right now I'm living the very best period of my life, in all regards. I am working harder than I ever did, for myself and my family. I wake up early in the morning and I know why. I discover lots of things because I'm more curious than before, and less scared of what I don't know. I have more true friends than before and I feel more confident generally. As anybody, I'm far from being perfect, and I'm trying to focus on the problems that need to be solved. Nothing lasts forever, but I can say I'm happy because I feel lucky and I try to enjoy what I have now.  And I love listening to some good old Black Sabbath and Cypress Hill when I'm chillling :)
If you think the illegal drugs are costly....just look at this information about the legal ones.  ==========================================================  Let's hear it for Costco!! (This is just mind boggling!) Make sure you  read all the way past the list of the drugs. The woman that signed  below is a Budget Analyst out of federal  Washington, DC offices.    Did you ever wonder how much it costs a drug company for the active  ingredient in prescription medications? Some people think it must cost  a lot, since many drugs sell for more than $2.00 per tablet. We did a  search of offshore chemical synthesizers that supply the active  ingredients found in drugs approved by the FDA. As we have revealed in  past issues of Life Extension, a significant percentage of drugs sold  in the United  States contain active ingredients made in other countries. In our  independent investigation of how much profit drug companies really  make,  we obtained the actual price of active ingredients used in some of the  most popular drugs sold in America.    The data below speaks for itself.   Celebrex: 100 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $130.27  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.60  Percent markup: 21,712%    10 Claritin: 10 mg  Consumer Price (100 tablets): $215.17  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.71  Percent markup: 30,306%    Keflex: 250 mg  Consumer Price (100 tablets): $157.39  Cost of general active ingredients: $1.88  Percent markup: 8,372%    Lipitor: 20 mg  Consumer Price (100 tablets): $272.37  Cost of general active ingredients: $5.80  Percent markup: 4,696%    10 Norvasc: 10 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $188.29  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.14  Percent markup: 134,493%    20 Paxil: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $220.27  Cost of general active ingredients: $7.60  Percent markup: 2,898%    30 Prevacid: 30 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $44.77  Cost of general active ingredients: $1.01  Percent markup: 34,136%      Prilosec: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $360.97  Cost of general active ingredients $0.52  Percent markup: 69,417%    Prozac: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets) : $247.47  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.11  Percent markup: 224,973%    50 Tenormin: 50 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $104.47  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.13  Percent markup: 80,362%     10 Vasotec: 10 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $102.37  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.20  Percent markup: 51,185%    1 Xanax: 1 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets) : $136.79  Cost of general active ingredients: $0.024  Percent markup: 569,958%    20 Zestril: 20 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets) $89.89  Cost of general active ingredients $3.20  Percent markup: 2,809    600 Zithromax: 600 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $1,482.19  Cost of general active ingredients: $18.78  Percent markup: 7,892%    40 Zocor: 40 mg  Consumer price (100 tablets): $350.27  Cost of general active ingredients: $8.63  Percent markup: 4,059%     50 Zoloft: 50 mg  Consumer price: $206.87  Cost of general active ingredients: $1.75  Percent markup: 11,821%        Since the cost of prescription drugs is so outrageous, I thought  everyone should know about this. Please read the following and pass it  on.    It pays to shop around. This helps to solve the mystery as to why they  can afford to put a Walgreen's on every corner. On Monday night,  Steve Wilson, an investigative reporter for Channel 7 News in Detroit,  did a story on generic drug price gouging by pharmacies. He found in  his investigation, that some of these generic drugs were marked up as  much as 3,000% or more. Yes, that's not a typo.....three thousand  percent! So often, we blame the drug companies for the high cost of  drugs, and usually rightfully so. But in this case, the fault clearly  lies with the pharmacies themselves. For example, if you had to buy a  prescription drug, and bought the name brand, you might pay $100 for  100 pills.  The pharmacist might tell you that if you get the generic equivalent,  they would only cost $80, making you think you are "saving" $20. What  the pharmacist is not telling you is that those 100 generic pills may  have only cost him $10!    At the end of the report, one of the anchors asked Mr. Wilson whether  or not there were any pharmacies that did not adhere to this practice,  and he said that Costco consistently charged little over their cost  for the generic drugs.    I went to the Costco site, where you can look up any drug, and get its  online price. It says that the in-store prices are consistent with the  online prices. I was appalled. Just to give you one example from my own  experience, I had to use the drug, Compazine, which helps prevent  nausea in chemo patients.     I used the generic equivalent, which cost $54.99 for  60 pills at CVS. I checked the price at Costco, and I could have bought  100 pills for $19.89. For 145 of my pain pills, I paid $72.57. I could  have got 150 at Costco for $28.08.    I would like to mention, that although Costco is a "membership" type  store, you do NOT have to be a member to buy prescriptions there, as it  is a federally regulated substance. You just tell them at the door that  you wish to use the pharmacy, and they will let you in. (this is true)    I went there this past Thursday and asked them. I am asking each of  you to please help me by copying this letter, and passing it into your  own e-mail, and send it to everyone you know with an e-mail address.    Sharon L. Davis  Budget Analyst  U.S. Department of Commerce  Room 6839  Office Ph: 202-482-4458  Office Fax: 202-482-5480  E-mail Address: sdavis@doc.gov
How nice of her not to mention the billions of dollars it costs to develop the drugs... Or does she think that the pharmaceutical companies copy the recipies out of the the big dope cookbook?  It's about as stupid as saying that Windows XP is too expensive since cd's only cost a dollar a piece.
But isn't the point with generic drugs that someone else paid the development costs. The article appears to be about pharmacies marking up low cost generic drugs, rather than complaining about brand-name drugs that are priced high at wholesale level.
No offense to Jim, as I have a lot of respect for him, but this post sounded less like an informative article, but an advertisement for Costco. People have many misconceptions about the cost of drugs. Most people have little idea if where the real costs come from. Here is a general idea, at least from the US point of view.  1. Active ingredient (as shown in Jim's post) 2. Inactive ingredients (fillers, binders, and other materials needed to contain and deliver the active ingredient) 3. Cost of deveploment of the drug, which generally involves years of research, testing, and analysis even before FDA approval is given. 4. Marketing (TV, radio, magazine, etc...not to mention the drug reps, who wine and dine doctors and other health care workers to the tune of BILLIONS a year just to have the doctors use their product) 5. Cost of production (workers who actually make the drugs, who happen to be payed well because it is a dangerous job, and all other workers associated with the drug company, ie janitors, paramedics / EMTS, firefighters (many drug manufacturing plants have their own fire depts), office staff, etc). 6. Cost to ship the drug to your town and pharmacy. 7. Cost added by the pharmacy, including the charge for the pharmacist (who makes a lot of money).  These are only a few of the more obvious costs associated with the cost of the pills that one can get at the pharmacy.
I'd guess the stats are similar for many consumer products.  The basic ingredients of a $100 pair of nike trainers is a tiny % of the price you pay.  -Wez
Before I had prescription coverage through my job, I received a free brand name prescription drug straight from the manufacturer. A lot of people are eligible for this type of program, they just have to find out about it. By the way, the drug was called Sensipar and is used to treat elevated parathyroid horomone levels. This is a brand new drug, not a generic, and I was able to get it completely free of charge.
snakespit missed one of the big expences of everything medical, liability insurance. in medicine anything can get you sued. you hear about the multi-million dollar settlements from drug interactions, side effects, ect., where do you think the money for the setalments come from? then you have to remember the slow payment of the fed. system (the hospital where i work is starting to get madacaer payments for '03).
I would like to see the cost to manufacture in the list.  That would be the only way we could know how much the profit is.
Edegra really makes getting an erection easy during the sexual intercourse. Erectile dysfunction is the dreadful problem that men all over the world are facing. Edegra is a guaranteed solution for the erectile dysfunction. Couples who were failing to have the children because of the erectile dysfunction have tried Edegra and are now thankful it. The first baby that the couple had because of Edegra is completely healthy and normal. Edegra has made child bearing wish of the women possible by giving their partners a strong and long lasting erection. Up course sperm count plays a major role in pregnancy, but if you fail to get erection then how will man be able to put his sperms inside the women reproductive organ. Thus, erection is very necessary for the men to make women pregnant.  When a man suffers from the erectile dysfunction he is unable to get the erection or to hold the erection for the sufficient amount of time during the sexual intercourse. Nearly 70% of the men in the world are facing the problem of erectile dysfunction whether temporarily or permanently. One dose of Edegra 30 minutes before the sexual intercourse gives you the erection through which you can satisfy your partner by holding the erection pretty long during the intercourse. With the help of Edegra you will be able to get a hard and strong erection through which you can penetrate completely inside the vagina. You will be able to enjoy and give the sexual pleasure to your partner by taking Edegra before the sexual activity.  _________________________________________________________________
Surprised I didn't see this raging here already.  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,193616,00.html
I find it odd that you support marijuana being legalized....I thought you wanted a more productive US, and I don't think you meant an increase in Frito Lay sales. Ok...I'll bite. What does legalization of Marijuana have to do with our country becoming more or less productive?
Anyway, the law is still dumb because the goal is to "find the suppliers" since it is illegal to sell. Now you just have more sellers since it is legal...great job  It's only legal to have small amounts. Less time arresting people with small amounts means more time going after the dealers.
and more of them since you can have a small amount of drugs on you (which is all a user needs) More of who?
If Mexico legalizes drug use, the U.S. could trade it's dope heads for hard working Mexicans who could pay taxes and make the U.S. more capable of sending aid to Mexico. Seems like a fair trade to me. lol
That's probably because drugs kill less people than tobacco. Weed (a VERY common drug of course) hasn't killed ANYONE...  The problem with the tobacco companies is that they knew and lied about the negative affects of smoking.
I see both sides of the arguement and, personally, haven't decided yet about whether to support drug legalization.  On the pro-drug legalization side, I can see the arguements: 1) For those people who are able to use drugs responsibly, the legalization of strong drugs (cocaine, heroine, etc.) would be no different than people's use of alcohol.  2) Drug legalization would allow for the drug trade to be directed by legal companies under the control of the government, thus putting the drug lords out of business and reducing drug-related crime.  3) Legalization of drugs could also allow drug companies to develop and manufacture drugs that are not addictive.   The arguements against drug legalization might include: 1) Many people are not able to use drugs responsibly (despite their own dillusions that they are) and, either through ignorance or weakness, allow themselves to get addicted - thus potentially causing themselves and others harm in their desperation for drugs.  2) Legalizing drugs would constitute government sanction of drugs - i.e. that it is "ok" to use them. This might increase the amount of drug users. Since most drug use generally renders society less competent, this would be a negative.   Anyway, those are a few arguements for and against drug legalization. I haven't decided either way.
There's no such thing as responsible or moderate heroin use. Why do you say that? Do you claim that it is immediately addictive? I am seriously asking since I am not an expert in this. How would it do that? It would take time. However, the drug trade that is lucrative for illegal cartels would become lucrative for a drug company to pursue. I would assume that there would be insentives for drug companies to then develop drugs for recreational use that are not addictive - either via government pressure (limitations on addictive drugs) or through customer interest.   As in my earlier post, I can see both the pros and cons of legalizing drugs. I would be against the blanket legalization of all drugs since some are clearly quite addictive. However, I am undecided as to the more benign drugs such as marijuana. Part of it comes into the question of how much we should let laws protect people from themselves and their own irresponsibility.
Drug companies already make drugs that are addictive, and there's no pressure for them to stop, what would be any different if all drugs were legal? I assume that the addictive drugs which companies make now are tolerated by the government because their medical benifits outweigh the negatives of their addictive aspects and since there might not be suitable non-addictive alternatives for the particular ailments in question.   In the case of legalized drugs, I would assume that the government would have some incentive of limiting the development, use or distribution of addictive drugs for the sake of protection of society. Customers also would probably prefer to have drugs that can give them the same "high" without the risk of addiction. Some would only take drugs if they were not addictive - opening up a pool of new customers. Both these reasons might entice drug companies to develop non-addictive versions of drugs.
And what's stopping them from doing that now? A legal company would not develop non-addictive versions of currently illegal drugs since there would be no market for them, no profit, unless they sold those illegal but non-addictive drugs illegally (in which case the government would shut them down).  As for their making non-addictive versions of drugs for medical uses, since they have a market already of people who NEED the drug and have nowhere else to go, they might have less incentive to develop a non-addictive version of the drug. A competitor might come along with a new version of the drug that is non-addictive and equally effective - something attractive to customers. If that competitor steals away market share, then they might be inclined to do more research into a non-addictive alternative.   Competition does have its benefits too. Indeed, if drugs were legalized, competition between drug companies might drive drugs to become the thing that customers want - i.e. potent but not-addictive.
If they were non-addictive versions, they wouldn't be the same drug and therefore probably wouldn't be illegal. Think about it, if there was some drug that gave all the energy and euphoria of cocaine, without any negative effects, don't you think it would be out there and be the hottest thing on the market? Not necessarily. For example, from what I understand, marijuana is not addictive and it does give people a nice 'high" but it is still illegal.   I think that the main reason that the more benign drugs are kept illegal is that they are mind-altering. Many, if not most, people in the US and other countries seem to be against allowing any more mind-altering substances to be used apart from those that are so ingrained in our culture that it would be nearly impossible to stop - namely, alcohol, caffeine (coffee) and nicotine (cigarettes, cigars, etc.).
That's a myth. There are plenty of marijuana addicts. People think that because marijuana addicts aren't shooting grandmas and killing random people to get their next fix that they aren't addicts. Marijuana isn't benign. What else are you referring to with "benign drugs?" In my Google search, I have read opinions both ways - including discussions on Marijuana containing various drugs - some addictive and some not. So, the jury is still out on Marijuana.  Either way, even if Marijuana is addictive, there are still many reasons that people choose to outlaw drugs that have little or nothing to do with their addictive value.  Wikipedia has a nice list: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arguments_for_and_against_drug_prohibition  So, I disagree that, were drug companies to develop drugs that were potent and non-addictive, that such drugs would automatically become legal.
That's a myth. There are plenty of marijuana addicts. People think that because marijuana addicts aren't shooting grandmas and killing random people to get their next fix that they aren't addicts. Marijuana isn't benign. What else are you referring to with "benign drugs?"  Marijuana is not physically addictive. It can however be psychologically addictive.
Sure there is. This practice is known as "chipping," and it specifically includes heroin users who shoot up occassionally without becoming addicts. Further, another relatively unknown fact about heroin is that there is little evidence proving that it is a "dangerous" drug. That is, there are no specific pathologies (e.g., serious illnesses or physiological deterioration) that are known to result from heroin use. And get this, there is not any scientific evidence to deny that we do more "irreversible" damage by smoking cigarettes and drinking liquor than by using heroin.I would call anything that can readily kill you a "dangerous" drug...wouldn't you? Medical consequences of chronic heroin injection use include scarred and/or collapsed veins, bacterial infections of the blood vessels and heart valves, abscesses (boils) and other soft-tissue infections, and liver or kidney disease. Lung complications (including various types of pneumonia and tuberculosis) may result from the poor health condition of the abuser as well as from heroin's depressing effects on respiration. Many of the additives in street heroin may include substances that do not readily dissolve and result in clogging the blood vessels that lead to the lungs, liver, kidneys, or brain. This can cause infection or even death of small patches of cells in vital organs. Immune reactions to these or other contaminants can cause arthritis or other rheumatologic problems.  http://www.starliterecovery.com/heroin-medtreat.php  * For intravenous users of heroin, the use of non-sterile needles and syringes and other materials leads to the risk of contracting blood-borne pathogens such as HIV and/or hepatitis infections from this drug injection, as well as the risk of contracting bacterial or fungal endocarditis and possibly Venous sclerosis  * Poisoning from contaminants added to "cut" or dilute heroin  * Chronic constipation  * Tolerance leading to larger doses to achieve the same effect  * Heroin-induced leukoencephalopathy (Very Rare, Smokers Only)  A small percentage of heroin smokers may develop symptoms of leukoencephalopathy. This is believed to be caused by an uncommon adulterant that is only active when heated. Symptoms include slurred speech and difficulty walking. Contrary to popular rumor, aluminum foil probably has nothing to do with the development of leukoencephalopathy in heroin users. http://www.medic8.com/medicines/Heroin.html  ...One of the most detrimental long-term effects of heroin is addiction itself. Addiction is a chronic, relapsing disease, characterized by compulsive drug seeking and use, and by neurochemical and molecular changes in the brain... http://www.medceu.com/index/index.php?page=get_course&courseID=2051&nocheck   While I agree that heroin can be used without becoming addictive, I would hardly classify heroin as a safe drug. Even those who use a clean needle every time are not immune to detrimental effects of heroin. While these people may have no risk of passing or aquiring HIV / Hepatitis, they still run many other risks common to heroin use.
I don't like Romney at all...but...  What a bogus BS question to ask considering that Romney really can't do anything about it anyway. Romney can't arrest anyone, nor did he say he would.
The moment the sperm attaches itself to the egg, that is when it is living, from the very second of conception. One of the evidences is that at that moment it starts to grow.
skylinedesire,  someone be allowed to choose weather people have the right to choose weather or not to have a child.   Who should decide whether or not you are ready for a child -the government?  many of my friends growing up had the type of parents that didnt want them or didnt love them enough etc. . . and most of them are in the process of falling through the cracks and most likely will be the next person to rob you. I wouldnt ask ANYONE (even a pro lifer) to have to live a unloved life and be unhappy.   So, are you saying your friends don't deserve to live because they have no morals? I hope you don't blame the parents for the kids lack of judgement. They really have no excuse. There are, I am sure, many good families that have raised criminals. One of the things that mark maturity is not blaming your parents for your downfalls.  So are you saying that a person that is unloved in their youth would have been better off not having a shot at life?   If you are please consider:  My Mom and Dad had the abortion appointment set up. That's how unwanted I was. Do you think I don't have a right to life? That I was better served not being able to give life a go?  My sister was divorced (for lack of a better word) from her parents, are you saying because they treated her poor she was better off not being?  A lousy beginning in life does not mean that a person's whole life will be worthless or unhappy.  have a nice day, heidi
I am not offended in the least. I was trying to make a point or two.  Abortion is as evil and disgusting to me. When you look at pictures of aborted babies I wonder if you really think it less evil?   So when does life begin?   heidi
Very good post, Maximus.  heidi
 Etheically speaking, abortion is same as murder but even murder sometimes is innevitable for entire life on this planet. If people think it's a good way for survival and properity of us, it's the way we go. I think most of abortions are not justified, though.  This sounds like you think abortion is a good means fro population control. Like it's a good way to cull down the herd or something.  heidi
Definition of a computer: "A device that computes, especially a programmable electronic machine that performs high-speed mathematical or logical operations or that assembles, stores, correlates, or otherwise processes information."  A 'computer' that has no ability to think is therefore not a computer. The same applies to humans IMO. Computers are not capable of "thinking." Really they are more comparable to animals in that they have a set series of reactions depending on the stimuli or input. Please tell me where the word "think" is on that list anyway.  To this I have to debate that the mind is what makes a person a person. Do you accept this view? If you had your mind in another body, would that body suddenly become your body and your previous body just someone elses body? Would your friends view your new body as the new you and your old body as someone else?  If you accept this then you admit that DNA is not the defining trait of what makes a person a person. This is one step closer to accepting that a human is not a human if they are not a person. But before going deeper into this I need to know your response to the previous questions.  A person who has their brain in someone else's body will NOT be the same "person." The brain alone isn't what determines the whole of a person's behavior. Hormones play just as big a factor as the brain does.   This is an obvious point of confusion here. I'm not trying to say science supports my views. I wouldn't expect any scientist to make this sort of analysis because it would offend so many people. This is just my opinion that I'm stating. If it's not supported by science then what exactly IS supporting it?   I never debated that hamsters weren't alive. I even said a fetus is alive, but it just isn't human life.  I'm not even talking about brain damage here. I'm talking no brain at all or a completely different brain. No brain at all was my original focus so I'll revert back to that. How can they be human if they are brain dead? Is a dead human still a human until all its DNA dies off? What is the difference between a person who just died a moment ago and a brain dead person kept alive by machines who would die if off the machines? Why is one human and one not or if both are human, how long is a dead person still human? First of all, you can't really say that DNA is alive, while it is self-replicating, it is not an organism by itself, so the term "alive" is not applicable. And besides, there are definite lines between when a person is alive and dead. There are no in-betweens. Either its a human, or its dead.  I don't disagree with biology. You can twist my words to do so but I'm not even talking biology, you are. I'm talking mental processes while you focus on DNA. I'm talking about how humans view each other and your talking about scientific analysis. I'm talking about stuff that isn't physical so how can I be going against biology if it is the study of what is physical? I think you have been getting my disagreements with you confused with my actual debate. My debate simply is that DNA is not the defining trait of what makes us human life. Sure DNA helps make us human, but it is what is in our minds that makes us human life. I'm debating that the definition of what makes human life goes beyond our cells and I doubt that the common biologist would disagree with this. If DNA doesn't determine that something is a human being, what does? I guess if you are talking about someone's personality, (and I'm assuming you are) then I would say that the brain isn't the only factor in determining that. Like I and others have said, the body's chemical functions as well as memories and environment are the major determining factors in someone's a personality.   I guess you didn't see the movie Terminator. In that movie, the Terminator had human skin as well as blood and all the physical features of a human other than he was a computer with metal infrustructure. To the common eye, he would be human.  I think you answered most of my questions. You are still focusing purely on DNA defining what is human. This doesn't answer whether a Terminator with human DNA and a computer brain and metal skeleton can be human if it was never born. What if he had bones and just a computer brain, would he be human? What if he had a real brain and metal skeleton, would he be human? What if he had either of these implanted in him after his birth? Is there no limit to what is human as long as it has human DNA? Would a slight change in our DNA make us not human? Exactly, a slight change (even something like a 2% difference) would cause ENOURMOUS changes, and would infact, not be a human. It would be something else. And the terminator would not be human. It would be a computer that looked like a human, and computers don't think remember?  You can accept the beliefs of others, but sometimes with questions such as those of aboriton you sometimes will have to question your own beliefs to find what you think is right. Abortion is a very complex issue. Going to have to cover a lot of different areas of knowledge to find a good answer to it.   I would also like to comment on the issue of whether self awareness was a factor in determining whether it is a person or not: a person doesn't reach a very good grasp of their self existance or develop a real grounded ego until a few years later in its life from the pregnancy (around 5-6 years of age I think it was, I haven't read up on this stuff for a while ^^) anyway. Just another reason I don't think we should be able to judge based on their mental capabilities, or else we might have children being tossed aside at young ages afer pregnacy (if it doesn't already happen alot).
Well since you joined in a little late, 'thinking' is what I'm debating as a cause for life. The computer analogy went along with that debate. Think in computer terms isn't 100% accurate but I'm sure you can figure out what I was saying. The computer is not a computer if it cannot think/compute therefore I debate that a human is not human if it cannot think/computer. I don't see why you say that a person who is unconscious is not human. Ok then, what exactly IS it? Is it a mouse? an elephant? a ball of playdough?   Personally I'm not debating that behaviors play a role in what makes a person. I'm debating that their consciousness makes them a person. For instance, if your mind were to change bodies, would your consciousness change and replace the one that is currently there? My guess would be no although I could be wrong. So behavior will not change who that person is although it can change how they are viewed and may therefore change how they think. Still, they are the same person at the core with outer changes. What do you mean by putting your "mind" in another body? There isn't some soul or essence you can just stick into a nother person's body. Clarify if you would please.  Human opinion. What supports the idea of what is right and wrong? Science sure won't and what is right and wrong is pretty necessary for life on Earth. What if our mind is even wrong on what is right and wrong? Is the definition still correct or are we so flawed that some of our very basic ideas will lead to our failure? Oh? I thought we were debating on whether an unconscious person was a human being or not?   I can't say that DNA is alive. The person I'm debating is saying that. There are inbetweens as well. If a person is near dead but can still come back to life, I don't think we treat them as a dead person or label them as such. Also, would a sperm that just entered the egg be considered a dead human, a living human, something inbetween, or simply as a sperm that entered the egg and nothing more? If a person is NEAR DEAD, that would imply that they are not yet dead i.e. still alive. A sperm that has just entered an egg is a living organism, have you even studied biology in school yet? How can something that just formed be considered dead?  I'm not talking personality. I'm talking consciousness. A personality simply changes how we are viewed. With a different personality, we are viewed as a different person but are literally the same person as before in my opinion. You may be the same organism, but if your personality changes then you are not the same person. Patients that are given lobotomies are not the same person they were before they had the operation in my view. You are also not the same person you were yesterday, or even five minutes ago the way I understand it.  You just debated that DNA makes a human. If the terminator had human DNA and had also been born of two human parents and simply had his brain changed to a computer later in life, would he still be human? I think you will say yes to this. How about if his skeleton was changed to metal as well? Still yes or does marrow matter too much? What if he had no changes but was grown using synthetic DNA not of two different humans but shared all the same characteristics of a human and infact there was no proof that any scientist could find anywhere that said he wasn't human? I don't think it would be a human, It would be an amazing recreation of one, but I wouldn't call it real because it had a computer brain. I would call the last example you gave a person however.  Your definition of thinking must be different than my. Thinking is analysis of information. I believe that reacting requires thinking so bugs think. Computers have a program to run and I would say that they think. You are probably debating that consciousness is required to be labeled as thinking. Well assume that an EXACT copy of the human brain was put on a computer, would it be thinking then? What about a super advanced bioengineered brain not of human origin but organic nonetheless, would that be able to think given a replica of a human minds content? Reacting in no way recquires thinking. You do know that almost all animals' minds exist almost entirely at the unconscious level? Almost everything they do is based on impulse and recquires little to no thought. This is exactly how computers work. Its given a task and reacts on it based on how its programmed to perform it. It can't make spontaneous decisions on anything, its all based on its program. Humans however, are capable of real cognitive thought because we posess a frontal lobe. I don't know if I would consider the human brain put on a computer to be really thinking in the same sense that a real brain does, because it would still be running off of inorganic hardware.   As said before in this debate, I'm not just talking mental capacity. Lets say your brain is thinking at our baseline 100%. At 3 years old lets say it was 70%. At 1 year old lets say 30%. At birth lets say 10%. A week before birth lets say 2% and a week before that .01%. I'm just guessing at these figures but my opinion is they all are alive! Even two weeks before birth or whenever actual thought is possible, a person exists. I cannot prove it is conscious at this point but it has crossed the level I'm willing to debate or make guesses at by this time. Until that is possible for the fetus to do, I debate it isn't alive. Now do I know when in the birth cycle thinking begins? No, and if someone does please post it. Very early on, I don't think a fetus is human life because it cannot think. I don't think it is fair that you can determine that a fetus who is not yet conscious not alive. It will eventually become able to do so, so I think it has every right that any other person has. I do draw the line however, at a person who has become braindead and has no hope for becoming conscious again and being hooked up to a machine for however long it can keep its body alive. In the case of a fetus, it has not even been given a chance to develop and grow so you are killing a real person if you decide to abort it. Just my 2 cents.
I'll go look
"He shall be happy who dashes the infants head's against rocks"  Anyway...  What about people who don't want to exist?  There are quite a few of those, maybe they would have preferred to be aborted?
avoiceofreason,  'Irregardless of anyones religion or beliefs women have the right to choose what's best for their body. The government cannot force religious beliefs or morals on the people."  - The government does have the authority to stop murder. This is the main prospect of abortion. The government does have a right to restrict murder becasue it violates the rights of others.  Regardless of whether abortion should really be considered murder or not is in alot of controversy.  Whether I'm "pro-life" or "pro-choice" is still something I am considering but I like to debate for both sides.  Always Stay Open Minded
"I've always marvelled at your amazing way of changing the subject and avoiding the point of my posts so secretively.  I have a great number of friends who have 'working' relationships but are not going to have sex until marriage. I can also show you TV shows which show relationships and when sex is involved, the relationships are terrible. Jenny Jones and Jerry Springer are two, for instance. Search through most of the dating reality shows on TV for more examples."  - I feel ashamed to come onto this thread and make this meaningless post. But I'm laughing so hard I don't care....   emoticon_smile   Always Stay Open Minded
Habbit,  Once again I can't help but laugh but I will attempt to debate... unlike you logically. I agree with Gilligan a strong relationship (as u get older) is not going to consist without sex. Good sex is part of a good relationship. Condoms should be used if a baby is not trying to be conceived but they are not 100% effective as Gilligan says.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
crzygrly  "Making it illegal won't stop the continuation of abortions."  - It will certainly greatly decline the use of abortion. That could save who knows how many lives....  "Instead of making a bunch of laws that won't be followed we should be making the adoption process easier and quicker. We could use the money being spent by groups trying to make abortion illegal towards promoting adoption."  - Abortion being illegal in itself discourages abortion, and promotes adoption. Although I would agree that maybe some money should be used to promote adoption.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Katie,   ......  She was answering wjim's question about which posts he didn't cover...... ......   Lovethesouth,  "The fact is, we humans were created in the image of God, trees were not. You don't agree with that (obviously), but that's the deal, and you'll find out when you die, at the latest, hopefully before that."  - Forgive my ignorance but isn't this completely irrelevant in the case of abortion?  crzygrl,   "it would make less people have abortions but wouldn't stop them altogether."  - So instead of 100 fetuses (sp) killed you will only have 50 or 25.  Are those lives not worth it?  "but promoting adoption would also make less people have abortions. "  - What!? I don't see what in the world your talking about. Just because more opposition is made to abortion doesn't mean people are going to suddenly stop, think, and change their mind. If so there will be far more changing of the minds if it is made illegal....  "its hurting our economy far more to have all these anti-abortion groups than it would to make it easier for people to adopt.""  - How is that hurting our economy?!?!?!?!?!   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Habbit,   Yes you are being made a fool of by a 14 year old (Decided to respond to some of your less idiotic posts... but I'm having trouble finding them ;) ) Anways.... To the topic  ""And you would know considering you're 14 years old? Exactly how many 'relationships' have you gone through that have lasted more than a month?"  - It is very common that a strong relationship will usually consist of sex. Outlawing sex or expecting teens to not have sex before marriage is idiotic. That would solve alot of abortion problems but I assure you this is never going to happen. Its simply completely irrelevant.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Gilligan,  (Gives Habbit an excuse to bash atheists)  "wait, yes i can..."  - Nice one ;)    Always Stay Open Minded
Habbit,  "No, it won't. Like I said, the average guy may like to think so, but that's not how it works. There's more to a 'strong' relationship (still don't know what you mean) than 'good sex.' Anyone can say they have a 'strong' relationship because the sex is good."  - The solution to abortion is not to expect teens or other couples as Gilligan pointed out to stop having sex. It simply will not happen.  Teens are going to have sex before they get married. Of course some choose not to have sex before marriage and thats respectable.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Maximus,  I don't have a really set or concerete opinion on abortion because its such a controversial subject. Its a tough one. ;)   "1. What, in your opinion, is the solution to abortion? (If you think one is needed)"  - If I was against abortion, (except in the cases of rape, incest, and when the baby poses a threat to the mother), I'm not sure. Making it illegal is an option, and this would certainly discourage abortions but of course you still have people who try to do it illegaly which is not safe.  "2. Why is it respectable not to have sex before marriage?"  - I said that meaning that I'm not going to make fun of someone who does (as some would). A study showed that its very common among highschool boys to pressure others into having sex (with girlfriends), that is a partial reason to them doing so anyways.   "3. What kind of relationship do you think is the most stable and healthy for children to be raised?"  - Two loving parents who can devote time to the child and his well being. Of course finances must be in order as well. (Just a start)   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Most Christian Conservatives haven't read the Bible.
"Most Christian Conservatives haven't read the Bible."  So true, if they did they wouldn't even be conservative. Jesus was a Socialist!
Governments tend to me like the priests in the temples :p
Most Christian Conservatives haven't read the Bible.  Actually, they have. But only Leviticus and Numbers.
this may have some glaringly obvious answer... but if one of the commandments is "thou shall not kill" why is the death penalty support by most Christians/conservatives.... well maybe not Christians, but conservatives... which tend to be Christians.   i'm pretty sure there isn't some fine print that says "unless the bastard already killed someone else"
What sin did you commit when you were 2 cells?  People are not sinners because they commit sins. People commit sins BECAUSE they are sinners.   In other words, that is the nature we are born with. Just like being born human as opposed to lion. We are born with a sin nature instead of born with a righteous nature.
They would say that you weren't a real Christian as well. That all it takes is to believe, or accept Christ into their lives in order to be "saved". And since they are the majority that would make you and your kind heretics. Anybody got a match and a stake? :)  Judging by the discussion Mont and I had about Wicca and Pagans, I bet he would light the match for you.   Didn't you know, for the sin of Eve.   Let me see if I have this right. Christians are not only responsible for their sins, but the sins of someone who supposedly lived thousands of years ago? Their god is punishing them for something someone else did long before they were even thought about? And the notion that you are born a sinner? Does it seem to anyone other than me that perhaps these people are selling themselves short? Perhaps if christians thought of themselves as good people that sometimes make mistakes, not bad people that sometimes do good, the religion may be a little more appealing to some. I find this type of philosophy to be neanderthal in conception.
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what "abortionist's" say is a load of XXXX!! I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion! I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation! Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion. I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life!   I think that even those who are pro choice are also pro life. I doubt you will find one who is pro death.
Wrong on all accounts. All we're in favor is for the right to choice. You keep assuming that women will always use this choice to have abortions only.  Wrong. We only support the right to choose not what is chosen.   George McKenna wrote this in an article titled "On Abortion: A Lincolnian Position,"  "In all these [presidential speeches and Lincoln Douglas debates] he [Lincoln] continually reminded his audience that the theme of choice without reference to the object of choice was morally empty." (emphasis mine)  Lincoln was speaking to Douglas' reference to the "freedom of choice" of slavery. The article, a comparison of slavery and abortion, can be read here:  http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/95sep/abortion/abortion.htm
I smell a thread that's dying quick...
"Which came firs, the chicken ot the egg? You are not understanding what is being said. I have a feeling that that is intentional."    obviously the egg.
When will you people learn? You won't convince people through apologetics, especially on a moral issue--one of basic logic, maybe, but not one that involves religious and moral presuppositions. It's silly to talk about it. The same arguments surface over and over and over and over... Stop bitching about it and shut up.
[QUOTE=Parcum]ummmmmm omg actually you like cheese. emoticon_xagree emoticon_love WOHH QUOTE]
I haven't read all of the replies. Wanted to stop in and say to Prolife.......you have some pretty strong feelings for a 15 year old. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I just hope that you curb some of that anger as you grow and mature. God would not want you to carry such anger around your entire life, would He?
another truth is that the God you mention has repeatedly warned you against judging others.   I find myself frequently pausing to witness the hypocrisy exhibited by people who proudly call themselves "Christian" but who clearly have no inhibitions about excluding others rather than including, and judging rather than accepting.
I was just reading through this thread, and I wanted to point out an extremely incorrect statement. The thing is it's impossible. A mother cannot have two different blood types; the mother cannot have a reproductive organ that grows and comes out. This is a very ignorant statement in my view. Any person, whether male or female, can be born with two different bloodtypes or two different DNA types. This is called being a "chimera" which comes from the famous mythological Chimera beast which was said to have the head of a lion, body of a goat, and tail of a dragon. Here is a very good example: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2003/11/13/nivf113.xml&sSheet=/news/2003/11/13/ixhome.html
The Telegraph is as reliable a source as Fox News and the National Enquirer. I'm not saying that it 'didn't' happen, but the source is not the best for evidence.  By the way, in your eyes, what's the difference between incorrect, and extremely incorrect?   HAHAHAHA!!! How is FOX News not reliable? Tell me of an instance where they have lied or were unreliable?
Has it been suggested that masturbation is also the destruction of life? Of course the Catholic Church doesn't like it. They want their followers to "go forth and multiply" and multiply and multiply and multiply. No birth control either. And swear to raise all the kids Catholic. Obviously, they simply want to increase the number of Catholics. In my view, the Catholic Church is not the place to look for advice. They have an agenda - and not necessarily salvation.
As a man I would think it impossible to "gratify" oneself with no "object" in mind, even if that were a fictitious inspiration.
As a man I would think it impossible to "gratify" oneself with no "object" in mind, even if that were a fictitious inspiration.  Wet dreams aside, you're quite right. But why would you not want an object in mind? Next someone is going to tell me to eat my oatmeal in the morning with no taste. Neither sensations are a sin, trust me on this one.
Should the plural of fetus be feti?
So when your God killed all of the helpless, little first borns in Egypt he too was another baby-killing liberal? You are very amusing and naive.  Hey Pseudo, try discussing things without adding a strawman everytime. The topic at hand was abortion, not his God.   And get some composure too--you are losing it arguing with a 15-year old.
PASS exists insofar as PTSD exists and it isn't recognised by any independent medical body. Very few women suffer long term psychological problems after aborting and as you rightly point out, these are mainly women who change their beliefs, were coerced or had an already existing medical condition.   Or sadly to say they are women who are wanting to vicimize themselve which is a whole other scocial issue although closely tied to abortion. I don't mean women "get themseves raped" or any bull like that. I mean women are taught from a very young age to feel far more guilty about sex and thier bodies and many other things in life in this society. This is a left over affect of the puritan faith that hepled found this country. Funny thing is, the other devoloped countries of the time thought that the puritans were nuts. Thats why they had to leave thier country in the first place. But this rather masochistic intrupritation of christianity stll has it's residual effect on us today.   If we instead taught our daughters that they are strong and fully capable for taking responiblity for thier own actions and that that is okay then we would first I think see a lot less unwantered pregnancies but also we would not see women with guilt based psychological promlems nearly as much.
also, i find it incredibly amusing that no waiting list for an abortion can be longer than nine months. but thats just me.  Oh yeah, that's just side-splitting hilarious . . . emoticon_rolleyes
Depression does occur after an abortion, but the best indicator of psychological health afterward is what her psychological health was before the abortion.  Hmm . . . I think they used to say similar things about post partum stress as well.
There is a big differance in the real post partum depression and any post abortal deppression. The hormones that contribute to post partum depression are not there after and abortion. So I do not brlive that that would be a contributing factor. A womens psych condition before her pregnancy does have the most meaning as to how she will feel after no mater how the prenancy ends
Survival. My chances of living are greater if I have others around to help and protect me. You scratch my back I scratch yours. The barbarians are gone, civilization is still here. It works. It is called enlightened self-interest. I enjoy reading your posts. You are truly a class a debator. I agree with you here, I won't shoot you in your back if you don't shoot me in mine. But I believe there is a bit more to it, as I'm sure they were tying to get at, although I do not think it's for some great plan. Maybe our ability to think in the abstract, empathy...still selfish, I know...
Congress makes laws....no one else doesActually you will find that countries other than the USA are still allowed to make their own laws. The USA may be powerful, but it doesn't lord it over all the world yet (it merely thinks it does). Please remember that this is a forum on the internet and therefore there are many nationalities here. Comments like yours above just reinforce the stereotype of AMericans being egotistical and self-centred and oblivious of the rest of the world.  Rant over. Thank you.
emoticon_wow HOLY MOLEY FRIJOLES!! I don't think I've ever seen a thread go on for this long. 32 friggin pages! WOW!
I can't find law that states this to be true. Since it is a legal right can you post a law or something that shows this...even a court case would be ok. I have been looking for an hour now and I am getting kinda frustrated. emoticon_xangel  It's implied in the Thirteenth Amendment. That abolished the ownership of people as property.
In china they have dramatic overpopulation, same goes for India. They have such a problem that it is unfathomable for the typical american to comprehend. US- pop. 280,562,489 pop. density 79.6 per sq. mile China - pop. 1,286,975,468- pop density- 347 per sq. mile India- pop. 1,049,700,118 pop density- 827! per sq. mile.  This bit interested me. By my calculations, Britain (my country) has a population density of 670 per sq. mile. Now given that England is more densely populated than other parts of Britain I suspect population density here is probably up there with India.  Most interesting indeed.  So do you think Britain should have a legal one child limit?
Why would an ultrasound cause stress or be like torture?  Well sometimes it is when you see an ultrasound and you see your baby's face and see the heart beating and then you see the doctors point out where your baby is missing crucial parts of its heart and brain and all its other organs and hands and feet and spine and its intestines are outside of its body and in the umilical cord instead of being where they are supposed to, and then they turn around and tell you that your baby is dying right as you are looking at it and I don't even think stressful justifies that because you wish to God there was something you can do but it's there dying inside of you and there isn't a XXXXXXn thing you can do about it, and THEN to be told by 4 different doctors that the best thing you can do is terminate the pregnancy now before things get worse because there is no chance of survival for the baby, and prolonging it any further is going to cause the baby to eventually be in extreme pain, and that the mass that they saw on the umbilical cord could rupture at any time and kill you along with the baby, but you need to make a quick choice and decide what you are going to do, preferably within the next week, even though you finally got pregnant after trying for a year, yeah I think I would put that right up there with torture. I'm sorry for going off, and if that was too graphic for some people... but I have read enough posts on this subject in the last 3 days and I am so upset because I don't think half of you have a clue. You get in that situation sometime and go through all that and then let me know how you feel about it.
Carmen, I am sorry for your painful experience. I have not been in your situation. But I have experienced similar pain. My wife has experienced two miscarriages. The first one was at home and I actually held the 10 week old in my own hands. It had eyes, hands, legs. It was torturous at the same time it was amazing. To see it up close gave the experience some finality, some peace.  I'm sorry that you and your wife went through that.. it's hard.. I wasn't very far along when I had mine last year, but it still hurts... I've never been in this situation either until now... I never imagined that I would be, and I guess that what the doctors say is probably the best thing to do, but it doesn't feel like it is. I'm sorry to have jumped all over you before... I'm just stressed..  But you are right when you said that about the children your wife works with, my neice was born 4 months premature and the doctors said that she would never live a normal life, and would be severely mentally and physically disabled, and she isn't.. she's a very healthy and normal 3 year old.. so you never know.  Do you have any children now?
My grandmother was given a few months with her cancer prognosis a couple years ago, but she's still alive and well, in fact she was her regular self at last weekend's birthday brunch- telling people they're eating too much or that she really didn't like their gift :) . Doctors do make mistakes and sometimes people do a lot better than expected. Of course, that's no reason not to take needed medication or not get treatment. One should always get at least a second opinion for a serious prognosis.  Oh, I don't think you need to apologize. You're going through a very real situation, so of course it's going to be hurtful when people make quick judgements about this like it's abstract. It's none of my business, but I worry about you going on these boards right now, with all these people saying whatever to make some political point while you're going through a real tragedy...    Thank you for being concerned.. and you're right, I think I'm done on here for awhile.. I said what I needed to say, and I don't think there is much left for me to say... hopefully this opens people's minds just a little bit, but if not... well... I tried! But you have been really helpful in this, and thanks for sticking up for me! :) Good luck to your grandma.. that is wonderful! People are stronger sometimes than the doctors give them credit for.. my neice is 16 and has had a brain tumor for over 2 years, but the doctors didn't think she would make it another 6 months, so she has beat those odds... she's not doing very well these days, but up until a few months ago no one could even tell she was sick, so she has fought hard and went way beyond the expectations of the doctors...  I wish the best to you and your family!
So let's get rid of them. While we're at it, let's eliminate all of the worthless drug users on the planet. You'd better not drink any coffee tomorrow morning, you evil drug user! emoticon_rolleyes
If you count George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, et al, amongst our nation's founders, I am sorry, but these were not "rednecks". These were urbane, well-educated, articulate men.  Yes, and isn't it interesting that these urbane, well-educated and articulate men had no problem with "gun-toting" and did a bit of 'gun-toting' themselves at times? Not to get off-topic, but the rural people of the U.S. today often have more in common with the urbane founding fathers than others.
What an interesting argument.   I don't think he posts here anymore, so it's hardly fair to attack him ;)
I should pay more attention to post dates.  However, he could have just adopted another screen name. Whoops, that means there had to be a birth. emoticon_xangel  What do you think, did he abort? :p
See, the good thing is, I'll never put myself in a situation to be falsely accused of murder. I don't really have to worry about it. And I do believe the good of the many overides the good of the few. There are always going to be mistakes, there is nothing anyone can do about it. No matter what the law is, no matter what the punishment is, there will always be the possibility of innocence incarcerated. Should be stop arresting people? Set everyone in the prisons free becuase they MIGHT be innocent? Let's throw out the laws while we are at it, becuase without those, there wouldn't be any arrests, there wouldn't be any innocent people falsely imprisoned. I would rather have the death penalty than life in prison.  LOL, you got to be joking... nobody puts themselves in a position to be falsely accused of murder or anything like that. you are *always* in a position to be falsely accused of murder. you might resemble a murderer, be in a place a murderer was, drive the same kind of car a murderer drove, etc. and worse, if someone is deliberately framing you or planting evidence around you, part of their plan would be to make sure you dont know they're doing it.  funny dude...
If you're a hunter alone, hunting a dangerous animal that can turn and kill you if it knows you are there and you hear a russle, wouldn't it be infinitly safer to shoot first? I have followed along, reading one thing then another and can say, with all confidence, that this is the only harebrain thing I've read.  Are you serious? Surely you jest. emoticon_xdonno
I'm just curious about so-called republican and democrat views on separate issues, and if they coincide with the stereotypical conservative and libral choices.  Vote on whether you're pro-life and for or against gun control, pretty much any form.  Same with pro-choice.
Well I'm English so I hope you don't mind me replying.  Anyway I am pro-life and for gun control (In that you need a licence to own one).  I don't mind anyone replying. More philosophical question than political.
Gotta get some pro-life people in here :P
Right there with ya! Spread the word!!  Why are you folks pro-gun and against gun control? Philosophically I mean, not "it's in the constitution".
I'm VERY Pro-Life. And I'm for people being able to own guns, but I don't want machine guns out on the street, and I think you need a permit. But you should have the right to own a gun.  Why should we have the right to own a gun? Why shouldn't the gov't be able to decide whether or not you can?
To me, owning a gun is no less a right than owning a refrigerator. To equate gun ownership to abortion is absurd  Eh? I'm not equating them, I'm seeing if there is any correlation between them. That would be absurd :P
and it seemed to me that you kinda were. Your point appeared to be that if the government can "control a woman's body" then why can't they tell us what to do with guns  In a way I was, as far as the poll goes. Abortion and gun control use very similar arguments about personal responsibility and gov't intrusion into private lives, but the different sides, conservative and liberal, switch who use them. I wanted to see if what I observed would show up here.  With what you say, you can flip it. Why can the gov't legislate morals in one area but can't in another. It's just the subject that changes.  Both parties pick and choose their battles, it seems to me, and they sometimes contradict themselves. This is partly why I never subscribe to one or the other :P
"it's in the constitution" is a good argument IMO, but that is not what you wanted. Ok i feel that gun control is just a nother way for a few people to tell outhers what to do. like probition, or outlawing pot, and hundrids of outher issues. Guns are not dangrous, they need some one to make them dengrous, just like knives, hammers and outher objects.  why are you for gun control.  "it's in the constitution" is a good argument for making it legal, but says nothing about personal opinions on the matter. It's akin to saying "I think it should be legal because it's legal".  Thank you for your opinion :) The poll grows muahahaha
why do you even have guns?
As part of the poll you mean? It was because while in the gun control forum I saw a lot of the same arguments for abortion that are used against gun control and since pro-life and pro-gun are usually entwined (Republican leaning issues) I wanted to see if what I observed was correct.
As part of the poll you mean? It was because while in the gun control forum I saw a lot of the same arguments for abortion that are used against gun control and since pro-life and pro-gun are usually entwined (Republican leaning issues) I wanted to see if what I observed was correct.  It's safe to say that most conservatives don't see a contradiction here because unlike abortion, gun ownership doesn't involve taking a life. Perhaps that will be seen as overly simplistic since some will argue that guns increase the likelyhood of death but that is my analysis.
It's safe to say that most conservatives don't see a contradiction here because unlike abortion, gun ownership doesn't involve taking a life. Perhaps that will be seen as overly simplistic since some will argue that guns increase the likelyhood of death but that is my analysis.  I certainly agree that conservatives don't see a contradiction :P Liberals don't see a contradiction between arguing for more gov't involvment in gun control and less gov't in abortion issues, either, so it cuts both ways.   Like I said though, the arguments are similar. Taking the gun ownership argument to it's philosophical points, conservatives usually say that the gov't has no business being intrusive on our lives. That is the liberal position in regards to abortion, that pregnancy is one of the most personal of issues and that the gov't should have no involvment in it. It goes the other way too. The point of the poll is to see if the pro/anti gun control crowd lines up with the pro-life and pro-choice crowd. So far the pro-choice crowd is split, but there have been very few votes. Pro-life seem more against gun control, as would be expected.
The difference between controlling abortion and controlling guns is that: Just because I onw a gun, does not mean I am killing a person. I don't think you can argue the same about abortion.  Actually, you can. The Supreme Court decision Roe vs Wade made it clear that the fetus is not considered a person under the constitution.  However, that isn't the point. Obviously gun ownership and abortion are two separate issues, but taking both to their broad philosophical ends and the arguments look similar. This poll can measure if the outlook changes on the issues, or if the outlook is consistent throughout the issues.
I believe that a woman has a right to choose. She can choose whether or not she has sex. Once a woman becomes pregnant (when the little sperm goes into the egg) another life starts growing inside her womb. this life is not hers, and nine months later, it will be completely sepparate from her. People ask questions of when life begins, well, as soon as the egg cell starts splitting and duplicating and growing, that when. Is a race only a race after you cross the finish line? No, the race begins as soon as the gun goes off. The only exception for abortion is if the woman is raped. This takes away her right to choose, therefore since it was not her actions that ended up getting her pregnant, it should be her choice to abort it. People argue that if a person is not ready to take care of their child that it should be aborted, well what about adoption. There are thousands of people who are on waiting lists to adopt children because they cannot have children themselves. The child will be cared for. So, I say that abortion is completely wrong if the pregnant woman willingly had sex in the first place.
Is there an echo in here?  What?....What?....What?....What?
For instance, getting married raises the possibility of your partner wanting to have sex with you. LOL. Not around my house it didn't.
Can you imagine what the U.S. population would be without abortion? Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot? It's a consideration, but I doubt we should be promoting this under the "population control" banner.  All these figures are really telling us is that society needs further education when it comes to contraception. I don't see how anyone could advocate an invasive surgical procedure as anything else but a last resort method.
But the worlds way of dealing with overpopulation is mass starvation, society appears to have a better way where educated and better off couples tend to have less children. However contraception is one of the factors that causes this trend.
Actually, there's a birth every 8 seconds, and a death every 11 seconds, which means the population of the earth grows less than 1% each year...so, even with those aborted babies, the world would NOT be overpopulated.  Please read carefully. He was talking about the US population, not the world.   The initial post was NOT detailing population control but bringing up the issue of resource allocation and parenting.
Oh yes, JitoBear, remember that case of the woman who performed a penectomy on her hated husband with a sharp knife, what was her name? Bobbitt.  Bobbitting! Full speed ahead!  That would only lead to a glut of new pornstars appearing :p
I'm new to the forum... This is my first post.  No one has the right to end an innocent life.  to which Siggy Poo answered, "What in the world gives you that idea?"  Now, this intrigues me. Siggy, why would you even respond to this statement as you did. You made no point. If you don't agree with a statement somebody makes, the ball is in your court to give a reason for disagreement. Refuting a statment with a question is not a very convincing argumentative strategy. Come on folks, this is a debate, not a childish "I know you are but what am I" shouting match.
Welcome!   I would have suggested a less aggressive first post, but to each their own ;) Well, I've been reading these things for a while, I just decided that I'd like to participate. Hence, I just dove in and went all out.  Wow, first post and already you have given me a nickname :D Well Siggy (lol), the tension was getting so thick that you could slice it with a knife. I thought I'd try to soften the mood up.  I was inviting him to expand upon his idea in such a way as to make it relevant to the topic. As it was stated, I didn't know where exactly he was connecting what he said to the larger topic. It is akin to saying "And?" Understood. Yet, I think it would be better to simply ask him to clarify his point. That way any confusion would be eliminated.
First of all, they are not always considered dead. Remember Terri Schiavo?  And besides that, braindead people have woken up before and have returned to life as a normal person. To say that braindead people are not real persons is completely illogical, regardless of how many people think that.  1. Terri Shiavo was not braindead. She was in a persistent vegetative state. 2. Brain dead folks never wake up. They have no brain function and can only survive with cardiopumonary support. By definiton, the brain damage is irreversible.
Please provide data showing that an unborn child is unaware. Showing that it is not wise is easy enough. I can probably show that about half the people that post on this board.   I am saying that it is ridiculous to define a human life based on those criteria and your insistence on it is illogical.  EF  When we were talking about brainwaves, ([URL="http://www.4forums.com/political/222621-post32.html) the article I referenced made mention of awareness, or at least wakefulness(being conscious), as follows: Some investigators contend that EEG patterns denoting wakefulness indicate when consciousness is first possible. Wakefulness is a state of arousal mediated by the brainstem and thalamus in communication with the cortex. In preterm neonates, the earliest EEG pattern representing wakefulness appears around 30 weeks' PCA. However, wakefulness alone is insufficient to establish consciousness, as unconscious patients in a persistent vegetative state may also have wakeful EEGs.   This is not definitive, by any means, but pretty suggestive. These are indirect measurements; again, the only type that would ever be possible as no human to date has ever been able to recall the experiences of the womb. However, unconsciousness usually means lack of awareness or any thinking, i.e., it is not the same as sleeping, in which thoughts are occurring.  Also, I am not at all saying that this has any meaning beyond that. I am not saying this has any weight regarding the morality of abortion. Just trying to provide the data asked for.
That is the longest post I have ever seen.  I wonder how long it took. emoticon_wow
I am not that religeous but I believe in God..........I think it would be terrible to be and atheist or and agnostic and believe that this life is all there is...... I would also say that there is a God and if he is looking down on this world he can not be happy with what he sees.........  IF you were an athiest, and you thought this was the one and only life, WHY would you feel terrible? It is apparent that you seem to lack the ability of even  trying to understand what it is like to be in someone else's shoes. Your feelings and thoughts are universal?  I agree about God (or whatever the Supreme Being is) looking down at us with sorrow, especially when he witnesses the misguided and illinformed thoughts coming from his creation's minds. Well, at least some of his creations.
Judging by some of your posts my friend I think you and I don't agree about what God might be unhappy about........  Oh and I would love to see figures on how many so called atheists make a conversion on their death bed.........I would think the figure would be pretty high.........  Yes Sir, that is as good as the old one liner, "There are no Atheists in Foxholes."  However, it still doesn't make sense out of your "I would hate to be . . ." comment. Again, is this part of the internet code where when someone makes a statement that is entirely senseless, they just avoid it when confronted? I hope I do get the hang of this, I am so use to actually admitting when I am an idiot, or wrong about something.  Speaking of "figures" that may be interesting, I would like to know how many drug abusers drank chocolate milk as children, I believe it just may be a gateway drug. How was that? Did I change the subject well enough to rate myself up there with you on the creative avoidance ledge?
Rights are merely social constructs. There is nothing natural, alienable or divine about them. They are violated each and every day on this planet and the only thing that can try to impose these social constructs on a larger population is a vigerous government.
You have the right to life if you are a human being. Wherever you live, whatever government governs you, this right exists whether governments reject its existence or not. I argued that the Declaration of Independence merely recognized the existence of this right, not that it established it.  How does this "right" exist?
No true Christian can ever believe that killing unborn children is compatable with a personal relationship with Jesus.  Aye, and no true scotsman wears a kilt.
Sir what did you mean by that snide remark? First I am offended by your blantent refrences to me being a "racist". Second, how can you make a sarcastic remark about a faith you don't even know about? I would refrain from such slander if I were you.
I am offended by your blantent refrences to me being a "racist"  Good to hear.  Second, how can you make a sarcastic remark about a faith you don't even know about?  I guess it would be pretty difficult, let me know when you find out.  I would refrain from such slander if I were you.  Well you're not me. Would you refrain from such slander if you were you?  Sir what did you mean by that snide remark?  If you don't know what I meant by it, why are you commenting on it?
1. Im glad you know. Im glad everyone else knows as well. It just shows that when one trys to assert himself on an issue for the common good there will always be someone who will resort to cut throught politics and as a result will in the same pointless bickering that has ensued our government. Sir I beseech you to rethink you comments so that together we may work toward the common good not only in this nation. But in this world. If you still need proof I am sincere in my comments I refer you to one of the other threads in the civil rights forum. I made some solid comments on Blair's speech on saving Africa from the hellishness the envelops their homeland. I pray that his vision will become a reality.
Good morning jitobear, what cruelty have I shown to anyone? I " force" no one to adhear to any faith. However, it is important for everyone to understand that there is only one path to salvation and eternal life and that is exclusively through Jesus. There is NO other path to Heaven. That case is closed. That "case" is never closed: it's not even a "case".
Woa! Why is a two year old post being revived?
Maybe, but then, maybe you'd lose some faithful, too...
Report: Kennedy barred from communion by bishop  Nov. 22, 2009  PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Tobin has banned Rep. Patrick Kennedy from receiving Communion, the central sacrament of the church, in Rhode Island because of the congressman's support for abortion rights, Kennedy said in a newspaper interview published Sunday.  The decision by the outspoken prelate, reported on The Providence Journal's Web site, significantly escalates a bitter dispute between Tobin, an ultra orthodox bishop, and Kennedy, a son of the nation's most famous Roman Catholic family.  "The bishop instructed me not to take Communion and said that he has instructed the diocesan priests not to give me Communion," Kennedy told the paper in an interview conducted Friday.  Kennedy said the bishop had explained the penalty by telling him "that I am not a good practicing Catholic because of the positions that I've taken as a public official," particularly on abortion.  Report: Kennedy barred from communion by bishop - Yahoo! News   Yes! Now do that with the rest of the Biblically-challenged, spiritually-inept Kennedy family, and all the rest of the pro-abortion Catholic democrats. So the bishops finally did it. They've been threatening to do that for years.  Well, I guess it's time to yank their tax-exempt status from them. We could definitely use the money to pay for health care and rebuilding our nation's Bush-destroyed infrastructure.
A leading company in infotech solutions providing the services  in Data entry jobwork, google ad sense, web designing and hosting. we are providing captcha entry work and add posting work from home. web site and blog also with google adsense approvel.(sarkar00ssd107)
I don't understand people who claim to be Christian and don't even know their own bible.   Why willingly follow an book when you don't know half of what's in it? Especially when a great portion of that stuff is just plain unpleasant and oppressive?  Nothing baffles me more than female Christians. You willingly follow a religion that says you're beneath men and should be treated as property. -_-   Nice going really that makes as much sense as a black KKK member.   That said I don't have problems with people having their own personal religion but when you try to piggy back on another religion and then either don't understand said religion or throw out the unpleasant bits (or only throw out said unpleasant bits that apply to you) I can't help but facepalm.
A leading company in infotech solutions providing the services in Data entry jobwork, google ad sense, web designing and hosting. we are providing captcha entry work and add posting work from home. web site and blog also with google adsense approvel.(sarkar00ssd107)
I was watching the Bill Maher show today and they had Jane Fonda on. She mentioned that she has recently become a Christian and that HER god is one that supports a womens right to choice. Now there are so many problems with this that I don't even know where to start. Not only that, I am saying this as almost a "newbie" Christian as in I don't know everything there is to know about the Bible. However, I do know that the Christian God that is defined in the Bible is against abortion. Many argue that the Bible is not what the Christian God is because it has been translated into a meaningless document. How is this true when we have so many of the original scrolls? Moreever, how can one claim what God thinks if they don't have anything to base it on? For example if you say the Bible is worthless, you are a Christian, and God believes abortion is ok...then how did you come to this conclusion? The Christian God talks about how one is created before they were put in the womb. God also talks about not killing. So if you wish to be Christian and for abortion you need to rethink one of those stances. God doesn't conform to anyone. Can you be a christian if you support: slavery birth control capital punishment war torture
How did something capable of creating such a complex and intricate thing come into being?  What happened before the big bang?
You have two sets of vision and hearing areas... only the outer most ones are used.  Is this true? I studied psych with several neurobiology modules and this never came up, the general thrust, as I understood it, was that people use their entire brains.   My understanding was also that the brain is rather plastic (malleable), and intelligence or other mental abilities give a pretty good evolutionary advantage, so redundant brain areas shrink or disappear rapidly.  If you could provide a reference I would find it fascinating.
He didn't have to " Strive" for Perfection because According to the Christian Faith He IS perfect. A Perfect Being would be incapable of Creating imperfection. If "God" is perfect then everything he says, or does is Perfect.. So considering the imperfections of Humans I guess it's safe to assume God don't exist.    Again, the Christian belief is that God is all knowing and all Powerful. If He is All Knowing, and knows what will happen from the day you are conceived, then every murder, suicide, and Abortion can be blamed on God. If he knows a Child will be aborted before it's born then what would be the purpose of allowing that child to be conceived?.. Just more Logical proof that God is a figment of man-kinds imagination.  God seems to have created a universe where it is impossible to be 'all knowing' and therefore ' all powerful' . That argument is about as valid as ' who made God' as if time had to be a factor in a being that created it.
Well God didn't actually create anything.. He would have to exist to do so. It was actually the other way around.. Man Created God.. it makes far more sense if you ask me....  Then your argument can only stop there. You cannot really argue about a being that you believe is imaginary.. I am not saying that you have no right to..just that your argument cannot have any conviction. By making a statement about God and when challenged abandoning that very statement and claiming he was an imaginary being confirms this. And yes, it does make far more sense..to you.
This post brings several thoughts to mind: 1) If she had the child, her mother "said" she'd care for it. This was the same mother who threw the girl out. 2) Why did the state advocate for her to allow the abortion yet NOT go after the FATHER ( the girl gave his age; it was statuatory rape). How do you support one law and not the other? 3) I don't know how a 13 year old could cope with the emormity of the situation w/out a strong, close family (that she didn't have). I think this would be a reason she "chose" to get rid of the "problem". [ I have seen former students of mine, from really tight, close families, have kids and get on with school, etc. Not that I support it, but I have seen it]  With so many couples (older, mature, married) who "want" kids, I wish some would step up and adopt thes kids who are being aborted. Sadly, they want in-vitro, surrogates, etc..............
Do you believe that, if we have the technology, we should resurrect the dead to walk the Earth as zombies?
Welcome. Hopefully you`re also interested in other topics than just abortion and religion. We have not had so many newcommers in the other forums lately :)  Edit: Hehe... night of the living dead...
[QUOTE=09dragonfly06]Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions.[/QUOTE Welcome to you from the conservative South.
Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions. I suggest running while you still can emoticon_xclown   Nevertheless, welcome. :)  Do you believe that, if we have the technology, we should resurrect the dead to walk the Earth as zombies? Sigh....what a bad question.
Do you believe that, if we have the technology, we should resurrect the dead to walk the Earth as zombies?  I guess I could easily answer it though...no
Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions.  Hmm. Does that mean that you are against the death penalty?
Could you let her answer for herself
If one believes that abortion is wrong but dealth penalty is ok is hypocritical then someone that believes that abortion is right and dealth penalty is wrong would also be hypocritical. You could use a math forumla to show this (it would like multiplying everything by -1) however that would seriously confuse everyone.
A newborn child does not totally depend upon his or her mother. It's always handy for the newborn if the mother survived and is available with her resources for the child, but anyone who knows how to take care of a newborn infant could provide care and nurturance for the child.  Just a little bit of what it's like in the real world for all the Kool-Aid drinkers.  In most cases newborn children are totally dependent upon their mother. In all cases they are totally dependent.   There are horrible cases where the mother neglects the child for various reasons and no one knows about it until it is too late (these cases are far more frequent than people realize). Many times these cases go undetected. These newborns were totally dependent on their mother and there were no other resources for them.  Though resources may be available, they are not necessarily utilized, and a newborn can't say, "hey mom, how 'bout letting anyone who knows how to take care of a newborn infant provide me with care and nurture."
In most cases newborn children are totally dependent upon their mother. In all cases they are totally dependent.   There are horrible cases where the mother neglects the child for various reasons and no one knows about it until it is too late (these cases are far more frequent than people realize). Many times these cases go undetected. These newborns were totally dependent on their mother and there were no other resources for them.  Though resources may be available, they are not necessarily utilized, and a newborn can't say, "hey mom, how 'bout letting anyone who knows how to take care of a newborn infant provide me with care and nurture."  A newborn is totally dependent - but it does not have to be dependent on its mother. That is not true for a fetus.
  PS For an Aussie, your English is quite good and I agree with some of your positions.  Holy cow! So you are an Aussie now? In various other forums you have claimed to be Chilean, German, and God knows what else....whatever suited you at that moment. emoticon_rolleyes
Apart from crisis intervention, what healthcare does an Emergency Room offer a poor child with a chronic life-threatening condition such as .... asthma?
They treat the crisis, not the chronic condition.
And how would you know?   I have obviously garnered greater knowledge of the subject than you.
..  I am taking leave of this forum for a while, a long while I think.  Got it. A long while is 12 days.  CIAO
ArticleArticle
Which, keeping an unhygenic clinic or mishandling biological waste?  Eating a fetus
I am glad you know about the Holocaust though......There are a lot of people in your age group who believe it never happened........  I dont know and wouldnt say that people believe it never happened, but more that they just dont know about it, or just dont care.
I dont know and wouldnt say that people believe it never happened, but more that they just dont know about it, or just dont care.  Not exactly
Thank you for pointing out my spelling.......Like Will Rogers I am just and old country boy and spelling was never one of my better skills.......  I am glad you know about the Holocaust though......There are a lot of people in your age group who believe it never happened........Golly, gosh, oh gee, VOR, so you're just one of those old rednecked, spittin' tobaccer all over the carpet, manure on your boots in the house and pissin' wherever it pleases you, and not too concerned about that bothersome old thing called eddication er whatever the heck it is.
I figure it's better to err on the side of caution and attribute personhood to possible persons, foeti, as well as to paradigmatic examples of personhood.
No philosophy is not a science. Philosophy is a mixture of the branch of maths known as logic and subjective human thought. Science has to use philosophy at times, but does so with caution as it is often an imprecise discipline.Philosophy is not a science. But science is a type of philosophy: one based on the assumption of empiricism, cause and effect and so on. In a sense, science is far less precise than philosophy, as it makes a host of assumptions. However, many philosophers do present things in a somewhat subjective way.
I disagree. The scientific method replaced the old empiricism ways of pre-modern scientific knowledge advancement with a precise mathematical based method removed from philosophy. The scientific method takes empirical data and subjects them to statistical analysis. It is the result of the statistical analysis that progresses knowledge through science, not the empirical data.Empiricism always analysed the data. Obviously modern science is more sophisticated than 18th century 'natural philosophy', but it is still a continuation of the same process  Quite the opposite. Science seeks to minimise the assumptions, the variables, the subjectivity of pure empiricism by the use of the precision of statistic analysis. Done properly, science is as precise as it can get.Empiricism is itself one of the assumptions made by science. It is very 'precise' but only within the immense assumptions. This is also true of, say, the metaphysics of the scholastics which is now largely discarded.  Only "many"?Well obviously pretty much any written work is somewhat subjective. But thinkers such as Hume and Kant and more recently Russel and Wittgenstein deal with things in a very precise (if, like science, often wrong) way.
Empiricism and 'natural philosophy' suffered from subjective "gut reaction" conclusion, rather than objective analysis via maths. Sure it is a continuation, in the same way that heart transplant surgery is a continuation of bleeding patients to balance their humours.Well, science is also vulnerable to gut reactions. You can't simply analyse data and have a scientific theorem. There's always a level of hypothesis dictating how the data is analysed and what data you choose etc. And a better comparison is that Newton's calculus is a continuation of the algebra that had gone before  Is it? It is more the case that science assumes the phisical universe exists and is measurable in a repeatable way. Beyond that, the need for empirical data becomes a limitation of science, not an assumption.Those are two huge assumptions, and both rely on the assumption that our senses can inform us accurately about the world. This is what empiricism is. Science also presupposes that logic is correct and that cause and effect exists, neither of which is covered by empiricism.
Why would "the rich" need to have an abortion? They can afford nannies, so your argument is weak prima facie. Because the rich can't be bothered to waste their time being pregnant unless they actually want to have the kid.  So having kids and personal responsibility will lead to the destruction of the family unit? Quite the contrary. Back in the 50's and 60's, when teenage girls became pregnant, they got married and became YOUR parents and grandparents because abortions were illegal. Fathers "did the right thing" because they didn't have an easy way out and the liberal culture of illegitimacy hadn't caught hold yet. Having an abortion is taking personal responsibility for your actions.
It's not narrow-minded, it's incredibly far-sighted.   Think of all the manufacturing jobs lost overseas because American workers value themselves too highly to do such repetitive labour.   But if they're desperate because they've just knocked up a woman and need to take responsibility for it, they'll grab that tedious underpaid job that their college tuition was spent to avoid.   But more likely they'll just **** off and leave the woman to raise the child on her own.*  Yay responsibility!  *I've known single mothers to be able to live off of student loans and charity quite well actually.
Health of the mother is clearly a "self-serving" reason, and since when did we adopt some manner of altruist ideology where morality is determined by self sacrifice and working to one's own benefit evil.
When one's own best interests involves killing an innocent.  So it's ok to kill an innocent if you do it for reasons you deem to be altruistic, or unselfish?
Yes, it depends what system of rights you use. If we are using some manner of socialist system of rights, where everyone has the right to live at the expense of everyone else, clearly the child has the right to live at the expense of the mother. If we use some classical liberal conception of rights, where each individual is held to have self-ownership and is not beholden to provide for others, clearly the child does not have the right to live at the expense of the mother.
One has to exist to have free will  Correct, but one does not have to have a "right to life" to have free will.  One can live without a "right to life", but it means they must either provide for themselves or have others voluntarily provide for them.  If you have no right to live then what good would any other right be?  If you take care of yourself instead of having others be forced to take care of you, a "right to life" in no way assists you in living.  The advocates of a "right to life" do not apply it consistently, or appear to understand what it means outside the context of pregnancy.  Africans have a right to life as much as fetuses do, and you are violating that right every time one of them dies of starvation.
Existance is more fundamental then free will.  Correct.  Right to exist/life is more fundamental then a right to free will or a right to autonomy.  This does not follow.  If one's right to life is not secured then all other rights are jeopardized.  If a right to life exists it exists as the only right, since the implications of it are so broad that no other rights are possible. For example, a right to personal autonomy, private property or freedom of association are impossible, when all ones actions must support the lives of everyone else.  "To each according to their need, from each according to their ability"  vs   "Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness"  The latter does not depend on the former, they are incompatible.
Huh? If you don't have a right to live, you're dead. I don't know many dead people with free will, do you?  Osama Bin Laden, assuming he had a "right to life" to begin with, has presumably forfeited it, and yet still lives. Rights are moral entities, they are not magic powers that slay you should you not possess them, or protect you from harm. Most people do not have the US military, or any military force, after them, so I would give them an even better chance of living without a right to life than Bin Laden has.  It certainly does. It prevents others from taking your life without grave consequences to them.  The right not-to-be-killed is not to be confused with the right to life. The right of self-ownership / personal autonomy is also inclusive of the right not to be killed. The right to life extends beyond this and demands that not only each person not be killed, but if they are to die, should be kept alive by others', against those other peoples' will.    How are we violating Africans' right to life by not taking any action against them? Or are you claiming that but not acting, we are actively depriving them of their rights? That's a real stretch. I'm not aware of any right that demands others to take an active part in securing it for an individual. The same can't be said of abortion. It takes an action on the doctor's part in order to violate the fetuses right to life.  So you believe a mother is not required to actively provide nutrients to the fetus she is carrying in her womb, and if she ceases doing so, perhaps by refusing to eat, until her fetus dies, she is not at fault?  It takes action, the cancelling of one's World Vision subscription to cease providing resources to starving Africans. Is someone who does so, if their previous recipient of resources subsequently dies, guilty of murder?  So what do you mean exactly by a "right to life", merely a right not-to-be-killed, or a right to be provided with resources so long as they are required to maintain your life, or a right to have no one take any action which would shorten your life?
 Since some people will break a given law is a reason for throwing it out all together? The fact that people are going engage in a behavior anyway is irrelevant when it comes to the legality of the behavior in question. Decide the whether the behavior itself is acceptable or not, then follow through.  Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government - its sole useful purpose is the joy of retribution on those we despise. We can almost view it as a kind of surrogate God, who weighs sins, and grants boons or condemns, without regard to the consequences of its actions.
Perhaps you could read the post I was responding to, which I will quote again for your benefit: The fact that people are going engage in a behavior anyway is irrelevant when it comes to the legality of the behavior in question  Tell me Sartre, if people have abortions regardless of whether they are illegal or not, how does a law against abortions prevent the killing of feti. Hint: It doesn't.  Would you support a law against abortion if it did not save a single fetus? Would you support a law against abortion if it resulted in more feti being killed?
 Explain how this is possible.   I can't foresee any scenario in which that would occur, so the question is too absurd to answer.  It's a hypothetical question, whether or not it's actually "possible" is irrelevant, use your imaginations. Its aim is to stress test your moral program. Maybe a group of militant feminists repeatedly gets impregnated and aborts in protest to the new laws, it isn't important to the question.  Presumably, JPSartre, you would support a law against abortion that resulted in more feti being killed - you aren't some kind of wishy-washy moral relativist, are you?  At the risk of repeating myself Symbiote: Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government JPSartre: No practical purpose?! I'dcall preventing the killing of fetuses practical. Symbiote: Would you support a law against abortion if it did not save a single fetus?  JPSartre: Yes. Since I'm not a moral relativist. Symbiote: Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government.  And so I find my original claim, which you objected to, was correct, that you two support laws which serve no practical purpose, the law must simply reflect your moral ideals.
Isn't cruelty a motivational state, like taking joy in making someone else suffer?
There isn't much of a case to be made that a newborn child is self-aware, so say my developmental psychology studies anyway. An infant doesn't even possess a language, even an internal language, capable of articulating ideas like "conscious" or "living" or "individual", it doesn't understand that it has a body that it controls. I don't know if you've ever lived with a baby, but it goes through a period of self discovery where it learns to use its muscles, it learns in fact it has muscles.
I have noticed arguments for allowing abortion tend to fall broadly into two camps:  Some claim that the foetus is in some way in itself different morally to a fully grown human  Others use arguments such as the 'violinist argument' to say that person A cannot be compelled to allow another person B to use A's body to sustain B's life.  Where do those believing abortion should be allowed on this forum stand?
Just wondering because I believe that the woman should be forced to support the violinist and not the foetus...
Also, do you yourself believe in the 'violinist argument' and if not, what problems do you have with it?I don't support it, largely because my idea of ethics is not rights-based and, essentially, I would prefer to be forced to be plugged into someone else for nine months than be killed because someone was able to cut me off in the same situation.
Yeah, that's why I'm OK with the abortion and not the violinist. I consider the violinist and the mother to both be ethically comparable to me. Not the fetus.
Well, as I see who needs who as essentially chance, any ethics based on universalisation or considering people's interests equally would seem to recommned remaining plugged in.  If someone said to you: 'you can have a world-famous violinist plugged to you for nine months or you can die', which would you choose?
If someone said to you: 'you can have a world-famous violinist plugged to you for nine months or YOU can die', which would you choose?  ...............................
The analogy is not applicable. It should read:  You, as a world famous violinist can have some random person plugged to you for nine months. You may die, and will experience physical pain and discomfort as a result of this. If you choose not to have this person plugged to you, they will die. Which do you choose?  The original analogy might as well read:  I am a fish? Pumpkin.What I actually meant was that you can have the damn violinist plugged to you:you may die, and will experience physical pain and discomfort as a result of this. If you choose not to have this person plugged in, YOU die.  It's not an analogy to the woman's situation, it's based on the principles of universalising ethics: is the discomfort of being plugged in (pregnancy) worse than death?
It puts you in the position of both the woman and the violinist. My argument is that you should make moral decisions essentially blind to the difference between yourself and the other person. I am neither a violinist or a woman, but I think that if you abstract away from the situation, then the effects of pregnancy are considerably better than death   My point is that if the fetus is accepted as equal, then I reject the pro-choice argument based on rights.
This is based on utilitarian principles which I rejectActually, the idea of being essentially blind to the difference between Self and Other exists in deontological ethics, religious ethics... for this reason I am ignoring (b) and (c) which belong in a utilitariansim debate. a) Value is subjective. A feti's death or an mother's forced pregnancy are not inherently "good" or "bad", they are a matter of personal judgement. A legal system based on your ideas of good or bad is merely the imposition of your value system onto others who do not share it.Well, of value is subjective, you can't say me imposing my value system is wrong  d) You seem to think of the law as a sort of divine intervention that transforms human action into accordance with moral code. Legislation is a threat, nothing more. You are not saying "Women should not have abortions", you are saying "Women should not have abortions, and those that do should be imprisoned"....I'm talking about the ethics of abortion, and whether the personhood of the fetus is the ultimate issue. Not about practical legislation e) Finally a charge of hypocrisy, you are posting on this board instead of saving lives, by your own principles you should be legally punished for this action. A system which by its own principles should have advocacy of it punished seems to me to have inherent problems.The concept I could be out there saving lives is a tad oversimplistic. And even if I could, the idea that there would be no point when arguing such principles would: 1) cause good by spreading ethics 2) be harmless as nothing better can be done In any case, at a practical level there is a difference, just as there is a difference between watching someone drown because you don't want to get wet and failing to volunteer to drive lifeboats  In contrast, a rights based system built on the principle of self-ownership does not carry these problems - it is firstly value-free, and so compatible with the subjectivity of value, it does not attempt impossible interpersonal calculations of utility, it does not require any knowledge of the future, it can be consistently advocated, and it does not require a totalitarian state apparatus to enforce.If it is morally binding, its not value free. It requires mental gymnastics which lead to clearly non-optimum solutions (such as having to starve someone to death rather than directly kill them, use a more damaging treatment that stops the woman supprorting the fetus rather than killing it etc.) The rest of your points seem to assume my  1) utilitarianism  2) belief that an ethical belief can immediately be implemented as law
I agree. God will take care of the baby after it is born, so momentary discomfort is the only issue.   I think making moral decisions blind to the difference between ourselfs and others, not looking to our own interest first is good, but I'm worried it leads to communism, which is bad.  God bless.OK, this is either disturbingly simplistic and pro-life or a slightly less simplistic attack based on misunderstanding of both my argument and position. Please clarify.
Sorry, what I mean is whether your pro-choice, pro-life or whatever position is based on the belief in the fetus as a person.  I know pro-choicers who, at least theoretically, accept it as a person and pro-lifers who don't.
some claim it is a full 'person' whose rights must be equally balanced with others'. I was wondering if any pro-choice people could accept such a definition and still support abortion (as in the violinist argument)
I believe your system is a variety of utilitarianism, but however technically you might argue that point, it is certainly a variety of consequentialism to which those arguments equally apply.Why is the principle of seeing others as equal to yourself conseqentalism? It exists in Jesus' Golden Rule and Kant's categorical imperative as well as utilitarianism.  And it doesn't require total knowledge: we should make moral decisions just like we make decisions about ourselves: I don't KNOW that my choices for myself are best, any more than those for others.   Yes I can, because I do not believe judgments of right or wrong are value judgements. So the imposition of your value system is wrong, regardless of how I, or anyone else, values that imposition.Well what's a value judgement then?  If you do not believe this ethical system can be "implemented by law", in what sense do you "reject the pro-choice argument"?I think that it's morally unconvincing.  It seems to me you want a consequentialist argument "death" is worse than "forced pregnancy", without recognising the inherent problems with consequentialism.I never assumed consequentalism.
PM the admin and have him do it.
Nevertheless whether such an allowance by law would result in social acceptance of abandonment is certainly a tenuous position. Certainly in eskimo societies, when there was not enough food to go around, babies were indeed abandoned. But most groups, not under such extreme harsh conditions, even when there is no legal threat, I expect would not provide social acceptance for abandonment. Maybe I just give people more credit tha n you do.  This practice was common throughout Europe until the late middle ages. And it probably continued in Eastern Europe for a fw centuries. It was not only due to food shortages, but also used as a method to improve the male to woman ratio and to avoid conflicts regarding inheritance. The roman-catholic church forbade the practice and managed to make it illegal in most (if not all) european countries. Nevertheless the practice continued for quite some time. I think you give people to much credit if you think that they are uncapable of hidous acts based on material self-interests. But wether legislation matters or not, I do not know.
That is a blanket statement that does not apply to all &#8220;believers&#8221;. I am a believer in God &#8211; the God of Moses and Abraham &#8211; and I don&#8217;t think God exists in the realm of time or knowledge. What do you mean by God doesn't exist in the realm of knowledge?  I don't think God talks. Hmmm. You believe in an all perfect being who has no ability to speak. Even more notably, you believe in the God of Abraham and Moses, the one who said "Let there be light" and there was light.  You may believe that so-called &#8220;forming process&#8221; began &#8220;before conception&#8221;, but that is a personal belief. I happen to believe that the &#8220;forming process&#8221; does not exist in a time continuum. Could you expound this a little?  That is your religious view, and that is fine, but that is not the only religious view. There are religious views that say that man cannot know the &#8220;mind&#8221; of God. God brings things into material manifestation and removes them from material manifestation&#8230; at what time and through what vehicle and for what reason are beyond our ability to know. And this represents your religious view.
This is the view which drives the pro life movement: That the creator created human beings in His image and imparted value, meaning, purpose, and dignity. I will argue that it is the view which presents the highest view of human life, and thus the highest view of women. This view allows that there is inherent dignity within each human life and therefore everyone should be treated with dignity and respect. And, even if they aren't, their life has value. This value was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.You also have to acknowledge that the Creator in his infinite wisdom placed the ovum and the biology necessary for gestation with the female of the species. To claim that someone else has the right to dictate to the one whom the Creator chose to give dominion over this procreative process is to demean not only the female but the wisdom of the Creator as well. If he thought that it should be handled differently he might have had us hatched from eggs like chickens. This dominion was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.
The predominate view which is at the heart of the pro choice movement is secular humanism. Everything has happened by chance and therefore mankind is a random wart on the face of a random meaningless chance universe. Therefore all human life is just the sum of its parts and is no better than dirt. It has no inherent meaning. Therefore, women have no value - they are no better than dirt.Women have not only value but also meaning and divine responsibility. God joined the human person with the biological system required for gestation and parturition which is needed for the flourishing of the species as he directed in Genesis. The female is what God created when he joined these two essences. Wresting that from the female by imposing compulsory gestation and forced parturition is demeaning to that creation of God.
Therefore, the view which predominately drives the pro life movement places a view of women that is exceedingly and abundantly trancendent above the view which predominately drives the pro choice movement. The pro life view of women is of a different quality and order.Therefore the view which predominately drives the pro-choice movement places a view of women that is exceedingly and abundantly transcendent above the view which predominately drives the ant-choice movement. The pro-choice view of women is of a different quality and order because it trusts a Creator who gave women dominion over the ovum and trust the female of the species as the Creator did.
Sorry Howard, but the responsibility that was given to the woman to care for and nurture her child does not include a liscense to kill it - as much as you wish it does. This has been proven to you.  Why dont you revive the old thread if you want to talk about this again.    This thread is about the pro life camp having a view of women that is exceedingly higher than that of the pro choice.If you think that people are going to let you get away with this holier-than-thou pseudo-religious, self-righteous tone, you are mistaken. You deny God's creation, deny free will and run to mommy government to give you your way. God made woman. God gave women a free will and no campaign by anyone that wants to change that divine creation and gift should be allowed to stand unchallenged.
chloe  You wish that a divinely imparted responsibility to nurture and care for the child included a liscense to kill it. But... it doesnt. quit trying to manipulate.I am simply making it clear that you do not know the mind of God. You do not know his infinite wisdom in placing the ovum and biology necessary for gestation and parturition with the female. God gifted things to the female unique to her and gifted her with a free will as well. As Jesus said, "What God has joined together, let no man put asunder." That is exactly what you are proposing and then arrogantly claiming some superior position.  Like i said, open the other thread back up if you want to go back to that topic.  My responses is to your thread. You may not like what I am saying, but it is perfectly valid - or do you think everyone is just supposed to shut up and kneel where you tell them to?  This thread is about the pro life camp having an exceedingly higher view of women than the pro choice.This thread is full of false claims and faulty reasoning and religious misrepresentation.
chloe:  just cause you dont buy it doesnt mean it is not true.  Just because you say it doesn't mean it is true either.  I think that the fact that it is not really walked out in america proves that the majority of americans are not pro life (including a majority of those who actually claim to be pro life). This doesnt negate the truth though.The truth is that America is one of the most religious countries in the world and a majority of Americans know that God gave the female a free will just like the male. And we Americans don't like it when someone thinks they know better than we do when it comes to our bodies, our God, our doctors and our families.
this is at the heart at a predominate number of those who are pro choice. This is how they can be pro choice - because they do not believe that all human life is sacrad and has inherrent dignity.  I know that you recognize that the fetus is a human being, but at the same time you say that it this human life can be done away with for any reason and for no reason at all. This is not a very high view of human life.No, they believe that God gave us all a free will and that includes woman. They believe that no one can know the mind of God and why he gave the female of our species dominion over the continuation of the species. They believe that no one has the right to wrest that gift from the female.
chloe:go ahead open up the other thread - or are you afraid people may see what you are actually saying and what you are really all about. sorry that i have misrepresented the god of howard beale: that is - himself.  Ridicule and sarcasm - that is the response when you can't refute what someone who disagrees with you and points out the fallacy of your position says.  like i said, the responsibility given to the female to nurture and care for her child does not include a divine right to kill that child.Really? You know the mind of God?  also, like i said, this thread is about the pro life view of women being much higher than the view which drives the pro choice view of women.This is a thread about you misrepresenting the position of people who believe that God gave women a free will and you have no right to wrest that from them. You cannot expect to misrepresent people and them have them just sit silently.
I have already refuted you. open up the other thread.  I know the mind of the one true God in as much as He has made himself known through scripture.   However, I make no claim to know the mind of you.You refuted nothing. You avoided as you are now. Although here you admit that you really believe that you know the mind of God. That is stunning.   Your position is clear. You know God's mind and you are an instrument of the Lord and I guess all of those who disagee with you are disagreeing with God --we all are just Satan's minions I guess. Do you really believe that?
All human life has inherent dignity and value. sorry if you dont like that.And you know better than all of us, because, as you said, you know the mind of God.
only that which he has revealed in his word.And what do your scriptures say about abortion? Will you share that with us?
i cant believe it you people.  i am trying to tell you that you have inherrent value and dignity and you will have none of it.No, you are telling us that you know the manner shape and form that our dignity should be in because you know the mind of God and we should all just accept that.
this is the howard beale spin zone.  glad you are here so that everyone can know what i am actually sayingThe sarcasm again? Whenever you are asked to evaluate your position, to see how it might do more harm than good, you hide behind little sarcastic remarks.
Chloe:A belief in the God of the Bible is incompatible with a pro choice belief.I have asked you for your Biblical reference that supports your statement and you did not respond. I believe that you did not respond because there is no Biblical reference that supports your statement.
Cone:  Way to deny the antecedent. I think this post is meant to entice Chloe to respond to your irrelevant question. And, given Chloe's response throughout this thread, I think that you are stupid for trying to do so.Personal attack isn't going to work Cone.  Chloe has advanced a statement that the pro-life position toward women is higher then the pro-choice view of women. The topic is: is this the case or is this not the case? The topic is not why this might be the case or why it might not be the case.And she has referenced her religious beliefs as the foundation of her position.  Chloe has not declined to address your objections, she has invited you to open up your previous thread because your objections do not apply to the fundamental argument at hand, that is, that a pro-life position views women with more dignity and respect then the pro-choice position. If you don't want to focus on that, then you obviously don't have to. But until you do, Chloe has no obligation to address your off-topic claims.My questions are right on topic. Chloe refers to her religious beliefs and "scripture" on numerous occasions on this thread. Here are some of them:  #46: A belief in the God of the Bible is incompatible with a pro choice belief.  #44: -the God of the universe gives something he created true meaning, value, and dignity  In response to my post #33 "And you know better than all of us, because, as you said, you know the mind of God" Chloe responded. #34: only that which he has revealed in his word.  #29: I know the mind of the one true God in as much as He has made himself known through scripture.  #27: Do you believe that God created man in his own image - or do you believe that man is a chance?  I have every right to ask Chloe to substantiate the claims. The fact that Chloe (nor you) can is a reflection on your position and reasoning. Whining about my pointing it out is not a defense.
Cone:  It does not matter why she believes what she believes.  I don't think even you believe that. In the first post of this thread, Chloe states:  This is the view which drives the pro life movement: That the creator created human beings in His image and imparted value, meaning, purpose, and dignity.She gives the reason for her point of view and then doesn't want that reason discussed? I don't think you really mean that.  What matters is the view she has toward people, specifically women in this thread, stemming from that belief.You can't cloak yourself in the cloak of religious expression (complete with Biblical references - "in His image") and then states a position with the caveat that your reasoning is not open to discussion, only your conclusion. That is a bit disingenuous.   Chloe claims that her view values women more than other peoples view but when confronted with the fact that the consequences of her view actually degrades women by relegating them to the role of enslaved incubators, she avoids the issue. If one takes a position, one bears the consequences of that position.  Chloe has responded to your questions. She has repeatedly said "Why dont you revive the old thread if you want to talk about this again."This claiming to have responded when no response has been made is an interesting tactic. I don't recall any scriptural passage being posted on abortion that supports her view. This "I don't like you questioning my position, so go away" stuff isn't going to work.  Chloe has invited you to revive your old thread if you wish to discuss those issues again. You have not done so. Borrowing from your reasoning... we can only conclude that you don't want anyone to answer your questions.I attempt to answer every question asked of me as directly as I can. I would like others to do the same, however I can't control what questions someone chooses to answer, but I can and will continue to voice my point of view, objections to and agreement with other points of view posted on whatever thread I choose. I do my best to do so in a respectful manner.
Man cannot know anything absolutely. Absolute knowing is the province of God.  Man can believe  that something is absolutely true, but man cannot know it. If he could there would be no need for faith, because everything would be obvious.
The right of a state to choose if it wants to allow abortion or not is in the Constitution. Ever hear of the term "State's Rights"? The 10th Amendment states: "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."                What? You thought this was a pro-abortion post? :)
Freedom! Liberty! Individual autonomy! Pursuit of happiness!  American values.  They may soon disappear.  Enjoy them while you may.  Fetal genocide, enjoy it while you can. emoticon_xkill  I guess some of us just don't share your spin. emoticon_rolleyes
That's cute - that you think it will be stopped by the activities of a bunch short-sighted suits on the east coast.  I don't expect all states to ban abortion. I just want the authority to do so placed back in the hands of the states to decide for themselves. That's where the Constitution says it should reside, not in the SCOTUS. I'm looking at patching the gaping hole in the Constitution created by judicial activists in Roe v Wade and Griswold.
I was actually talking about whether or not laws would stop it. I don't believe they will. I know the law will not matter to me one nit if I felt I had to have an abortion.  But you forget, I'm a strict Constitutionalist. Such an eggregious attack on the Constitution needs to be righted, IMO, regardless of whether or not one is in favor of abortions. It is a blight on the Court and the Constitution. :xbanghead
Talk about insulting one's intelligence. Don't you hate it when politicians wrap their kooky little laws into these highly sugar-coated titles that has more to do with making them seem appealing on the outside but hides the true intention of the context? It is purely propaganda and the law makers just don't want to call it what it really is; coercion childbirth. Hunt, be a man and just call a spade a spade for once.   I agree. He should have called it the "Don't suck the fetus' brains out bill". THAT would be more accurate, don't you think? emoticon_rolleyes   DNA testing can NOW establish a zygote different DNA then the woman? Good god...this guy must be living under a rock and yet someone elected him?  Now you know why he's a politician and NOT a scientist. :)
Where do you hear such things.  My Canadian friends love their health care system, get the same level of care I do, and do not have to wait any longer for an appointment or at urgent care than me. And unlike here - everyone has access it.  You keep believing that and if you ever make it do Detroit, I'll drive you around the local hospital's parking lots so you can count Canadian plates.  As for emergency care, name me one American that has been turned away and I'll show you a future millionaire. emoticon_rolleyes
I've heard of State's Rights. I agree this is a State's Rights issue.  Like this one:  http://blogs.salon.com/0002762/stories/2003/07/27/canCongressGetACluemedical.html  "In an attempt to claim that there is no medical need for marijuana, he then proceeded to include in the record the package insert from Marinol, a high-priced cannabinoid based drug that was speedily approved by the government (with the encouragement of the pharmaceutical industry) for use in easing many of the same symptoms that marijuana helps. He just conveniently failed to mention that Marinol is generally less effective, has worse side effects, greater dosage control issues, and is more expensive than marijuana."  Legalization of marijuana is also a State's Rights issue, is it not? No, it's a personal freedom, IMO.  If you're for States Rights, you should be against the DEA, or at least against its denial of medical marijuana (or any marijuana for that matter). The feds can regulate interstate commerce, but they can't regulate a plant grown in one state (in one house) and smoked in that same state (or same house). That's the State's job.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/06/06/AR2005060600564.html http://www.theocracywatch.org/states_rights2.htm The second link is a list of "conservatives" embracing state's rights when it suits them to speak about it, but escewing them when they are inconvenient to their agenda.  See above answer. I'd dissolve the DEA in a NY minute.  Yes! We need more Republicans in favor of impeaching Bush over warrantless searches. I recently learned that Clinton too authorized warrantless searches, but with court approval. Wow! The courts actually approved circumvention of the constitution, which states in unambiguous terms that there shall be no warrantless searches by anyone. Clinton should have been impeached and convicted based on that alone, but he wasn't. Which means, that likely Bush won't either. Sigh. Very gray area IMO. The president has lots of discretionary power during a "war". The question is "is this a war?"  Drive around a hospital in Kansas City, MO and I'll show you a lot of Kansas plates.   :) Last time I checked a map, KS was still part of the USA. Now, admittedly, they're a little peculiar, but American none-the-less. :)   Anyway, just to throw it in. I believe in States Rights as they are enumerated in the Constitution. Rarely are these rights recognized, or when they are, they are for the convenience of the powerful.  Now, THAT"s confusing. emoticon_confused Especially since State's Rights aren't enumerated in the Constitution. :xbanghead   Also, I believe that Roe is bad law. I believe in a right to privacy and that the Constitution spells out that right, but I really don't see what the right to privacy has to do with an abortion.  But how does the Equal Protection Clause come into all of this?  Show me where the Constitution spells out the right to privacy. I must have an editted copy. emoticon_wow
Are you calling my friends liars because they don't agree with preconceptions?  Perception is some people's reality. I prefer to deal with facts. Ask a Canadian why his/her country made private payer healthcare illegal. They'll tell you it was because people with money could get better care and quicker then the rest of the population as a whole and that's a bad thing for a socialist program. You have to dumb down care so that it's all equal. http://brain-terminal.com/posts/2005/06/14/canadian-court-cracks-private-healthcare-ban http://califmedicineman.blogspot.com/2005/06/canadian-supreme-court-weighs-in-on.html  Fortunately, the Canadian Supreme Court ruled that Quebec's ban on private care was illegal. emoticon_xgood  http://www.cbc.ca/story/canada/national/2005/06/09/newscoc-health050609.html  You see plenty of New York and Michigan plates in Windsor and Toronto, too. There is lots of back and forth on the border - live in one country, work in another, married couples one from US the other from Canada.   Cute. And I see Florida license plates in MI in the winter and I know they aren't there for the sunshine. emoticon_rolleyes   People need more than emergency care and any such care they do receive will mean a lifetime of medical bills. And remember - I was being denied medical care when I was pregnant until a social worker helped me trick the system. People in the US have had their entire lives engulfed by huge medical bills - jobs and homes lost, followed by insurance that won't cover you anymore becuase you are too sick. Even if the lines were longer (which I know they aren't - at least in the big cities) - I would consider it well worth it as long as I knew I would always have health care and would not have to lose my home later in life should a serious medical condition should arise.  The lines ARE longer. Even those who love the Canadian system admit that much. :xbanghead
Um, hate to point out the obvious, but when I mentioned my Canadian friends I am talking about Canadians I have talked to. My best friend is from Toronto - I have several other friends there, and in Alberta, Manitoba and Brittish Columbia. I spend several weeks a year there and talk to Canadians at least once a week  Once a week huh? Wow. I LIVE about 15 minutes from the border and have daily contact with many Canadians both professionally and personally. Some do like many aspects of the program, but ask them how long it takes to get an MRI or CAT scan and you'll see where the system sucks. You can get a hangnail fixed in a heartbeat, but you'll wait til you're half dead for something sophisticated.  Well that is just silly. I was not aware Quebec did that.  I guess that you're just uninformed. You shouldn't develop your opinion of Canadian healthcare success based on a few friends' opinions. Read a little and you'll find all sorts of warts. (And I didn't even mention the exodus of good doctors from Canada to the US as a result of socialized medicine)  I am not sure what your point is.  My point wasn't that the cars are from elsewhere, it's that the people in the cars were there for a reason.  I don't know that I believe that (based on what Canadians I know who love the system have said), but even if it is true my earlier response stands. At least everyone can get it and not end up on the street if they get sick enough to run out of money for medical bills. Heck, I am on a big ole HMO and have waited 2-3 hours in to get seen before, even up to 6 one night. I f I wanted an appointment with my doctor it would be at least a month out. And I am in AMERICA.  If all you want/need is a family practioner, then Canada's the place for you. But, if you have a serious illness or need highly specialized diagnostic tests, you could die in the que in Canada. emoticon_wow
It is kind of funny how abortion has to do with a woman's body. And yet, if it was left up to the state: Congress: women hold 81, or 15.1%, of the 535 seats in the 109th US Congress - 14, or 14.0%, of the 100 seats in the Senate and 67, or 15.4%, of the 435 seats in the House of Representatives. In addition, three women serve as Delegates to the House from Guam, the Virgin Islands and Washington, DC.  Only 15.1%...  So that means that 276 men (51 Senate/ 225 congress) will be needed just to pass a law that has to do with a women's body...and if its something that could be bad for a woman and/or unfairly good for a man then they can get no where near the amount of senators/representatives needed to supress it....    [66.6666-15.1 = 51.56666--(535/100)(51.56666)=276]   (http://www.cawp.rutgers.edu/Facts/Officeholders/cawpfs.html)  I love it when people manipulate statistics in order to attempt to prove a causal relationship that doesn't exist.  Considering the fact that more women vote than men, one could argue that their views are over-represented.  Women Voters Key in 2004 Presidential Election Eligible women may be more likely to vote than men  By Darlisa Y. Crawford Washington File Staff Writer  An eligible woman voter is more likely to cast a ballot in the next presidential election than her male counterpart if a pattern identified in the 2000 election continues. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 61 percent of eligible women voters cast a ballot in the 2000 presidential election. That level of participation is higher than the 58 percent of eligible males who voted.  http://usinfo.state.gov/dhr/Archive/2004/Apr/14-284075.html 
What a lovely statistic...first off, JP said "STATES" referring to the 50 states we have here in the US. Secondly, Roe vs wade was decided by 9 men (or 6 if you wanna do who actually voted for it). Nice strawman though.  Beware of statistical spinners. emoticon_xgood
jitobear:  For the sake of the thread, JP's remarks about Canadian health care are fairly accurate. They do cross over to get major health care if they want it done fast. In some cases we have services not available in certain parts of Canada. I live on the Canadian border and see the same thing.  Waxy knows quite a bit about Canadian healthcare, but JP might have riled him up.  What?! Me?! Rile up Waxy?! emoticon_wow He's a pussycat. I've been firing him up for years now. And we agree on many issues to boot. emoticon_xhoho
The fact that an anti abortion judge was nominated and is expected to overturn roe is a prime example of an agenda that the conservatives said they didn't have. The "agenda" was to appoint a judge that believes in the Constitution's definition of the Judiciary's function, not to appoint a judge who thinks the SCOTUS is a superlegislative body. If Roe v Wade is overturned, it will be because it is Anti-Constitutional in nature, not because the new Justices had an agenda.  To interfere with a womans decision about an aspect of her body is an example of not minding ones own business. Conservatives want to control peoples sex and moral lives. You can not deny this. I could point to many examples and quotes of conservative republicans that want to pass laws that will effect the lives of people who do not share their moral beliefs and force people to live by their moral standards, which I consider to be evil and corupt.  You speak in such black and white terms. If there aren't any shades of gray then do you favor pedophelia, drug usage, selling human organs, prostitution, etc.? All of these represent controls over peoples' sex and moral lives.
Have you read the study? Thought not.  But since you are so confident in your ability to insult people I will challenge you to a debate in the debate tournament forum. We can make the topic "Did the study show a link between abortion and mental health" I will say that it did. You can take the negative.   You can pay for the study if you wish but I will not provide it for you as that would be illegal.  It is time you put your money where your mouth is Linus...I am sick of your attitude.   Can I be a judge? emoticon_xgood
You and Bassman want to judge :) thats fine with me... I think I would get Joe from they gay forums as the third just to try and get a liberal'er' judge in there.  Steeeeve, a fair judge doesn't judge based on his own beliefs. That's what got us Roe v Wade in the first place. :)
That's almost a joke; an avowed Christian evangelist and life-long practicing Catholic judging a public debate on abortion when the real issue is discrimination against womens rights. Why not debate reverting slavery as a states right?  Georged, I'm amazed that you were able to post to this thread before Daewoo did. I figured that you two must have been Siamese twins there for a while, with him having the superior typing skills. :)
Ah, I was wondering what motivated your vote in the Clive14 vs. The Skeptic debate ;)  No need to wonder, read my analysis. http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=154088&postcount=14  Also, two of the three judges agreed that that the personal attacks detracted from the overall content of the debate. That was also a factor that I noted in my overall observations.  One more point, you assumed that I voted for The Skeptic because I'm also a Creationist and was, therefore, biased towareds him. Well, you'd be wrong. I'm NOT a Creationist, so your insinuation of bias is, therefore, also false.  Next time you want to take a shot at me, load your gun first. You look silly shooting air. emoticon_xkill
That is because a good sum of what you post flies in defiance to your beliefs.  Wow, is this middle school? Sorry, I am secure enough in my position to not be wavered by such an adolescent comment.  You are now changing the subject, a distraction tactic, weren't we talking about this study and out of nowhere you attempt to coercion me into replying on another forum by questioning my gallantry on responding on another equally public forum? The fact that you have changed the subject shows you can no longer hold your claims and you seek to change the tone for a possible advantage. Why is it that those with the inferior position try to bring the superior party to the bargaining table? So far you are the one who has given up debating your stance...not I. I have stood firm and await your reply.   I'm confused. Does that mean that you will debate Steeeve or that you're still "chickening out". emoticon_confused :)      You should try to be a "sports official" here. So far I have only seen you make some of the craziest and most sensationalist claims on this forum. I would never hand the title of "objectivity" and "judgment" to someone who is so extremist and deep rooted in their position.[/QUOTE]
..... I'll respond to it when I feel like it...perhaps I might not just to irritate you. I dislike pushy people and that try to be assertive.  I see your cheerleaders Bassman and JP are here to support you in your lose....too bad not for your rhetoric. Hey, what are friends for? LOL!  So, instead of debating in a public forum with three judges, you prefer to debate thin air and declare yourself the winner? You're a legend.....:xbanghead
I was not commenting on anything to do with the "insults" bit.    Well, you be wrong as didn't take you as a Creationist. Thats not the bias I saw ;)  Now, you're groping for excuses. How sad. emoticon_cry
No it surely isn't. In fact, you can probably stop marrying people in a state if you wanted to. Not a federal issue.  Federalism is something that probably needs to be taught in schools these days.  Touche. emoticon_xgood
There is no medical procedure called partial birth abortion.  There is a procedure called intact dialation and exrraction.  Politicians make up names designed to turn public opinion in their favor. :xcensored  And pro-abortion advocates like to use clinical, sanitary terms for sucking the brain out of a partially-born infant. Partial birth abortion is a factual representation of the procedure used. The infant is partially delivered before being killed. If the infant comes out a few inches further, it would be infanticide and a punishable offense for the doctor performing the abortion.
And enslave women.  If that's enlightenment. . . . .  Preventing the murder of the most vulnerable IS enlightened. emoticon_xgood
I never knew that preventing someone from killing someone else was enslaving them...kind of a bad definition don't you think?  Feminist rhetoric can only get one SO far. emoticon_wow
Men would have no problem if they only impregnate women who are willing and able to have a child. Ask first.  Unless they're raped, I believe they do. emoticon_confused
It would also be interesting to poll pro-life advocates to determine how many adopted children are living in their households. Orphans from the African Continent alone would probably eliminate US need for reproduction for several years. Anyone want to bet that of all the pro-life posters on this forum less than 1% have adopted orphaned children?  I have three children of my own and my wife has had zero abortions. Are you attempting to say that anyone who is anti-abortion can only be so if they adopt orphans? Maybe you should rethink that tactic. I'd bet that most pro-life advocates already have kids. There's no Litmus Test that says you have to adopt orphans to be Pro-life just as there is no Litmus Test that says you have to have had an abortion to be pro-abortion.  Do I have to adopt a drunk to be against drunken driving? emoticon_confused
RTL backed three bills that were recently passed in the Georgia Senate:  One requires an ultrasound prior to abortion.  Another protects pharmacists if they refuse to fill prescriptions for drugs that end pregnancies.  The third allows prosecutors to charge people with causing the death of a fetus, REGARDLESS OF THE STAGE OF PREGNANCY.  *******************  I think the first will make legal abortions more expensive and will add to the number of backroom botchjobs, the second will have little affect on anything, the third will renew the argument relating to when life begins.  I dismiss the second and third as irrelevant. The pharmacy thing is ridiculous IMO but I can respect someone's personal views getting in the way. I don't understand if the third means that by abortion you can be charged with causing the death of a fetus, or if by kicking someone in the stomach you get charged with the death of a fetus. I thought that was already in place? But the first...I don't understand if there is any logical thinking behind it. Anyone help? emoticon_confused
I spent some time in Augusta. I'm not the least bit suprised.  What the **** is RTL?   Rifle totin' lunatics?
I thought it was just good practice to do an ultra sound before an abortion, so you could identify how far a long the fetus is and whether or not the fetus was in the fallopian tubes....
Jim Trucking: you say that the cost of ultra-sounds will lead to an increase in "backroom botchjobs", that may be true but is it really for the best? Backroom botchjobs not only harm the unborn child but also the mother. How is it logical to harm both child and mother? Seems irresponsible to me. I believe that was his point Aivlis.
No.   First of all that is what she is - regardless of how short the relationship or whatver the reason it ends. Secondly - there are even mothers, good ones, with wonderful children, who may choose to abort later in life.  Wow. At least I could wrap my mind around the concept of someone who didn't want a baby, and therefore aborted it, because they don't want to be a mother. But someone who calls herself a mother and doesn't want the baby . . . holy cow.   I agree with JP here--he never said she "wasn't" a mother, he said it was hypocritical, and it is--because the aborting woman doesn't want to be a mother. And regarding your second example, a mother who has a had an abortion (or would) and doesn't regret it sure wouldn't be raising MY children. I flat out wouldn't trust such a person with my kids.
The 1983 Congressional page sex scandal was a political scandal in the United States involving members of the United States House of Representatives.  On July 14, 1983 the House Ethics Committee concluded that Rep. Dan Crane (R-Ill.) and Rep. Gerry Studds (D-Mass.) had engaged in sexual relationships with minors, specifically 17-year-old congressional pages. In Crane's case, it was a 1980 relationship with a female page and in Studds's case, it was a 1973 relationship with a male page. Both representatives immediately pleaded guilty to the charges and the committee decided to simply reprimand the two.  However, Rep. Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) demanded their expulsion. On July 20, 1983 the House voted for censure, the first time that censure had been imposed for sexual misconduct. Crane, who subsequently apologized for his transgression, lost his bid for reelection in 1984.  Studds, however, stood by the facts of the case and refused to apologize for his behavior, and even turned his back and ignored the censure being read to him. He called a press conference with the former page, in which both stated that the young man, who was 17, consented. Studds had taken the adolescent to Morocco to engage in sexual activity, and therefore did not break any U.S. laws in what he called a "private relationship."[1] He continued to be reelected until his retirement in 1996  Ironically, the age of consent in Massachusetts is 16. The age of consent in Illinois is 17.  Obviously, there is the issue of sexual harassment and superior / subordinate relationships and legality, but from just the age of consent issue (assuming Morocco), it was legal.
A more accurate reflection of the Foley situation, IMO . . .  http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01
A more accurate reflection of the Foley situation, IMO . . . http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01  "more accurate reflection"??? ROFLMAO!  It ALLEGES democrats might have known something with no evidence shown... (making vague references to anonymous "enterprising blogs" without giving ANY evidence isn't "evidence")  ... and then the artfully tries to shine the spotlight on Democrats and ANYTHING ELSE BUT Foley and this current situation...   I guess by those standards, I find the following to be a rather "accurate reflection" of Foley...  Republican Congressman Mark Foley abruptly resigned from Congress after "sexually explicit" emails surfaced showing him flirting with a 16-year old boy.  Republican executive Randall Casseday of the conservative Washington Times newspaper was arrested for soliciting sex from a 13-year old girl on the internet.  Republican chairman of the Oregon Christian Coalition Lou Beres confessed to molesting a 13-year old girl.  Republican County Constable Larry Dale Floyd was arrested on suspicion of soliciting sex with an 8-year old girl. Floyd has repeatedly won elections for Denton County, Texas, constable.  Republican judge Mark Pazuhanich pleaded no contest to fondling a 10-year old girl and was sentenced to 10 years probation.  Republican Party leader Bobby Stumbo was arrested for having sex with a 5-year old boy.  Republican petition drive manager Tom Randall pleaded guilty to molesting two girls under the age of 14, one of them the daughter of an associate in the petition business.  Republican County Chairman Armando Tebano was arrested for sexually molesting a 14-year-old girl.  Republican teacher and former city councilman John Collins pleaded guilty to sexually molesting 13 and 14 year old girls.  Republican campaign worker Mark Seidensticker is a convicted child molester.  Republican Mayor Philip Giordano is serving a 37-year sentence in federal prison for sexually abusing 8- and 10-year old girls.  Republican Mayor Tom Adams was arrested for distributing child pornography over the internet.  Republican Mayor John Gosek was arrested on charges of soliciting sex from two 15-year old girls.  Republican County Commissioner David Swartz pleaded guilty to molesting two girls under the age of 11 and was sentenced to 8 years in prison.  Republican legislator Edison Misla Aldarondo was sentenced to 10 years in prison for raping his daughter between the ages of 9 and 17.  Republican Committeeman John R. Curtain was charged with molesting a teenage boy and unlawful sexual contact with a minor.  Republican anti-abortion activist Howard Scott Heldreth is a convicted child rapist in Florida.  Republican zoning supervisor, Boy Scout leader and Lutheran church president Dennis L. Rader pleaded guilty to performing a sexual act on an 11-year old girl he murdered.  Republican anti-abortion activist Nicholas Morency pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography on his computer and offering a bounty to anybody who murders an abortion doctor.  Republican campaign consultant Tom Shortridge was sentenced to three years probation for taking nude photographs of a 15-year old girl.  Republican racist pedophile and United States Senator Strom Thurmond had sex with a 15-year old black girl which produced a child.  Republican pastor Mike Hintz, whom George W. Bush commended during the 2004 presidential campaign, surrendered to police after admitting to a sexual affair with a female juvenile.  http://www.armchairsubversive.com/  Yup. Sounds like an "accurate reflection" of Foley to me... :)
Foley has revealed that he is gay. I say, "So what?" So is Barney Frank. At least he's honest about it.  Believe me, Barney Frank is nothing for the gay movement to be proud of, either. He's had his own problems with the law for fixing parking tickets.
Simone, are you going to sit there with a straight face and tell me that the Republican Party has more perverts than the Democratic Party? That's a stretch, even for YOU. emoticon_wow  If you want to start comparing lists, I'm game. I started the beginning of that one web-site's list.  What do you have on yours?  Or is just throwing out the allegation all you've got?  You claimed that amassing such a list for Democrats "wouldn't take long"... You willing to dedicate some time to put some proof behind your claims? Or is most of your time going to be spent in empty claims, with no substantiation...
I could have added Clinton to the laundry list, too, but I was sticking to Congress. :)  Apaarently a lot of Demoncrats knew about Foley too; some (such as myself) find it highly suspcious that this scandal took place right before an election. From what I've read some people in the gay movement have known about Foley for a long time. Kind of makes it ring hollow when Dems are now acting like they only want to protect these young congressional pages.
Apaarently a lot of Demoncrats knew about Foley too Is there anything substantiating this claim beyond claims of "internet bloggers" with none quoted?   From what I've read some people in the gay movement have known about Foley for a long time. Kind of makes it ring hollow when Dems are now acting like they only want to protect these young congressional pages. And would you mind substantiating this claim as well?
Aren't you sorry that you asked? :)  1) All we're proving is that there are people breaking the laws in both parties...  2) Have you been to the web-site I linked? There are a lot more than just 10 listed there...
Is there anything substantiating this claim beyond claims of "internet bloggers" with none quoted?  And would you mind substantiating this claim as well?  http://www.americanthinker.com/articles.php?article_id=5907  http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01  "As long ago as 1996, online commentators and articles in the alternative media had mentioned rumors that Foley is gay" - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Foley
http://www.americanthinker.com/articles.php?article_id=5907 http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01  Ahhh... The tactics of some how blindly toss out links, quoting nothing within the link... I've come to realize that it's a sign that there is no smoking gun (and typically no smoke and no gun)...  The first link has, at best, this comment... But Foley's opponent somehow got wind of the story which had appeared before only on a very new, utterly obscure blogsite and demanded an investigation. ABC then picked up the story and when it did , further anonymous sources with far more salacious and troublesome evidence appeared on the scene. What an amazing-and unlikely to me-turn of events. So the author finds it "unlikely", and that's the best we got... Here's a news flash. Perhaps the owner of this "utterly obscure blogsite" was a fan of the Democratic candidate, and e-mailed him a copy of his findings along with posting it on his web-site... A possibility... And such possibilities usually come from Jyoshu, but I guess ONLY IF it's an anti-gay perspective making gays look worse or anti-gays look better... If this were a REAL news article, one could hope that somebody would actually ASK THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE's group how they came by the information. But to do that would be to give the democrats a say in this editorial's attempt to put a bad light on democrats. Couldn't have that... emoticon_xdonno    As for the second article... It's in the BUSINESS section with author "Ibd". Investor's Business Daily? Inflammatory bowel disease? I'm leaning towards the latter... It gives NOTHING of worth on the actual issue of Foley and your accusations. It asks questions of "What did democrats know?", which it doesn't even pretend to try to answer. (It does give plenty of innuendo though...) It then proceeds to toss out names of Democrats who HAD NOTHING TO DO with this issue. Nothing at all.  So THIS is your proof of your allegations? Two articles that HAVE NO EVIDENCE to back up your claim?   As I said, I'm coming to realize that when people just blindly toss out links, they are trying to hide something by just providing innuendo that they have substance. I take it by your tactic of just tossing these links out that you're not even going to respond further to pretend they prove anything? Or are you capable of showing how you think these articles in any way support your claims?   "As long ago as 1996, online commentators and articles in the alternative media had mentioned rumors that Foley is gay" - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Foley The issue was on Foley's PEDOPHILIA. Not whether or not he was gay... This is completely irrelevant...
I wondered why I saw nothing about the Foley/Page brewha ..... silly me, I didn't look in the Abortion topic.
The website initially pushing the Foley story was CREW (Citizens for Responsibillity and Ethics in Washington, IIRC). It received over $100k in support from the Open Society Institute, which is fronted by, you guessed it, GEORGE SOROS. Now, anybody that doesn't believe that the Foley scandal was orchestrated by Democratic operatives to maximize the negative impact on Republicans must be living on a mushroom farm. :)   http://www.citizensforethics.org/index.php http://www.soros.org/about  Even if this were true, it DOES NOT MEAN anything. Did Soros make Foley hit on the under-age boys? No.  Is this proof that they knew of Foley's inclinations? Hell no.  The whole "Foley scandal was orchestrated by Democrats" XXXX sounds about as mindless and "conspiracy theory" as saying that George Bush orchestrated 9/11.
The website initially pushing the Foley story was CREW (Citizens for Responsibillity and Ethics in Washington, IIRC). It received over $100k in support from the Open Society Institute, which is fronted by, you guessed it, GEORGE SOROS. Now, anybody that doesn't believe that the Foley scandal was orchestrated by Democratic operatives to maximize the negative impact on Republicans must be living on a mushroom farm. :)   http://www.citizensforethics.org/index.php http://www.soros.org/about If the Foley scandal can be blamed on Democrats, then the Clinton/Lewinski scandal can be blamed on Republicans. You can't have it both ways. Republicans shouldn't dish it out if they can't take it.
How about holding the individuals involved accountable and not pinning it on political parties?  Individual personal accountability without political leveraging onto others in the same party who did not commit the offense? What a bizarre idea... emoticon_xhoho
How about holding the individuals involved accountable and not pinning it on political parties? When Republicans paint themselves as the party of morality and exploit any immoral act on a Democrats side to justify their claim, then it is more than reasonable to think that Democrats would similarly have a political say about the immoral acts of prominant Republicans.  I agree that the best system would be to only hold that person accountable which commits the immoral act and to not politicize such acts. However, if you hold those views, then you need to hold your own party accountable as well to such political exploitation. Otherwise, your views would be hypocritical.  On edit: I posted a bit too quickly without checking that it was you, jitobear, not jyoshu or jpsartre12 who was responding. Since, I think, you are a Democrat, the last paragraph was irrelevant to you. However, it stays valid for those Republicans who criticize the Democrats' reaction to the Foley scandal.
Depends on what your key issues are, I think. They tend to be more aligned with conservatives on money issues and liberals on social issues - so if you are fiscally conservative but pro-choice and pro-gay rights....it may be the best party for you. This brings up a question for me. What is considered "fiscally conservative" nowadays? If it means being tight on the purse-strings then it appears that neither party is particularly good at balancing the budget - one spends on un-necessary military adventures (with a trend toward borrow and spend), the other is more open to social spending (with a tax and spend trend), and both engage in pork barrel spending.
Just throwing this out there.   Assume that there is a way to abort/remove/extract the fetus from a woman without killing it  As a pro lifer would that be acceptable? As a pro choicer would you feel that still respects the woman's body?  I'm aware that this technology does not exist and there would still be the problem of storage and ownership, but I don't think it is crazy to believe one day down the road we'd be able to do this.   The technology is actually very close. Here's an article about artificial womb's from the San Francisco Chronicle   ECTOGENESIS  Development of Articial Wombs  Technology's threat to abortion rights Sacha Zimmerman  Sunday, August 24, 2003   Cornell University's Dr. Hung-Ching Liu has taken steps toward developing an artificial womb by removing cells from the lining of a woman's womb and then, using hormones, growing layers of these cells on a model of a uterus. The model eventually dissolves, leaving a new, artificial womb that continues to thrive.   In Japan, Dr. Yoshinori Kuwabara, a professor of obstetrics at Juntendo University, has created an artificial womb. He has successfully delivered goats from this artificial womb after just three weeks of gestation. Kuwabara says that, with enough funding, his ectogenetic chamber could be ready to use on a human fetus within five years.   Roe vs. Wade is predicated on two basic ideas: a woman's right to privacy (including the right not to be pregnant) and the viability of the fetus -- defined as the ability to survive outside the mother's womb, currently placed at 24 weeks of gestation.   Complete ectogenesis could dismantle both of these premises. First, it could make Roe's viability issue moot because with ectogenesis a fetus could be technically viable outside the mother's womb from the moment of conception.   That would surely impact the other idea underpinning Roe: a woman's right to privacy. With ectogenesis, an unwanted fetus, rather than being aborted, could be removed from a woman and placed in an ectogenetic chamber to be adopted later. The woman's right to privacy would arguably not be invaded because removing the fetus to implant in an artificial womb need not be any more invasive than the abortion she was originally seeking.   As bioethicists Peter Singer and Deane Wells write of ectogenesis in their book "Making Babies: The New Science and Ethics of Conception" (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1985), "Freedom to choose what is to happen to one's body is one thing; freedom to insist on the death of a being that is capable of living outside of one's body is another."   The pro-choice movement is ignoring the prospect of ectogenesis at its own peril. If and when ectogenesis becomes a reality, it will redefine the abortion debate.   Just consider the issue of viability: 41 states ban abortion after viability. If ectogenesis is achieved, will abortion become illegal in each of those states? Many pro-lifers will certainly be prepared to argue yes. Isn't it about time pro-choicers start thinking of what they will say in response?   Sacha Zimmerman writes for the New Republic, where a version of this article first appeared.    Here's the full article:  http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2003/08/24/IN273768.DTL  or google "artificial womb's", you'll find plenty of news articles on the subject.
Just throwing this out there.   Assume that there is a way to abort/remove/extract the fetus from a woman without killing it  As a pro lifer would that be acceptable? As a pro choicer would you feel that still respects the woman's body?   Why do what you mentioned?  Annie
This is the biggest fallacy done of these forums. Being male has nothing to do with it because I know many females with the same views as me and the original poster. So right there your arguement is irrelevant. Even more so though, we all understand the situation because we were all once a fetus. I guess, by your own admission, that if you are white you can't say slavery is wrong with any authority. Furthermore, if you were supposed to be aborted and were not yet you are a male you have no say in the issue.   LOGICAL FALLACY   I agree with Steeeeve. To say that just because someone is male is sexist. I disagree that because some women make this argument, that it is invalid. This is attacking the person because of there sex, and not dealing with the argument. If males cannot have a say on this subject, then the Roe v Wade decision should be overturned. If I remember correctly, most if not all of the Justices where men.
Why? What has caused you to believe such things? wow, I never thought a qoute would be so stupid as to compare it to a house. Fine then what if I compare your head to a house that is housing ur brain. But it would be perfectly legal to rip it out and steamroll it on the street for allto see. (by ur rules of course this would be a perfectly acceptable thing to do)
We probably run in many similar ways as mammals, but we are still seperate. I personally think that putting humans in the mammals section of the animal kingdom is an idea born from evolution, so no. Humans aren't mammals.    well by definition, humans are mamals. It doesn't matter how they evolved or even if they did. The classifications, reproducing via sex and having hair (I don't think these are the only qualifications but they are the most obvious), are true for humans, so humans are mamals.
I agree with the first argument
In response to Scifmania, Symbiote states:  "So you're a sociopathic killer who keeps his murderous impulses in check only through fear of god? Are all christians similarly inclined?"   I am new to these forums but it seems to me that Scifmania's response went right over Symbiote's head. Scifmania's point is that if there is no God, there is no reason for anything. Let's eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow, or in a few years, we die. One should spend one's life pursuing pleasure or whatever one wants, with no concern or regard for others except to the extent they can further one's own pleasure/happiness. We die, we turn to dust, and that is all there is.   Those who believe in a God, whether the Christian, Hebrew, Islamic or some other religion's God, generally reject that view as it reduces us to mere animals, actually less than animals, for animals do not hurt others for enjoyment, or kill out of jealousy, etc.  Some of the foremost evolutionists alive today have written that if evolution is right, then there is no God, indeed can be no room for a God, that we are ourselves God, and responsible to no one but ourselves.  Hitler believed that, as did Stalin. Have you ever read Hitler's book, Mein Kampf? In there he talks extensively about Darwin and the theory of evolution and survival of the fittest. What Darwin's theory did, for people like Hitler and Stalin and others who have come after them, was to eliminate God from the universe and when God was eliminated and they became, in effect, their own Gods, they then went out and practiced what the theory of evolution preaches, survival of the fittest. Hitler excecuted/exterminated Jews, homosexuals. the old and infirm, the mentally retarded, gypsies, in short, anyone who did not fit his definition of "the fittest". He believed that all Caucasians, except Aryans, were sub-human and worthy of death. He felt the same about people with yellow, brown, red, and black skin--all were sub-human to him and so it was okay in his mind, and the millions who followed him, to try to exterminate them.  In the world that we would have today, had those two monsters, either of them, succeeded in imposing their "evolutionary survival of the fittest" world upon humanity, the kindness, the nurturing, the caring, that we have for each other, the way we take care of the elderly and the sick, the way we try to save animals and plants from extinction, all of that would be gone and we would live in a brutal world where whoever is in charge sets all the rules and if you do not like those rules, accept them or be eliminated.   Stalin killed 40 million of his own people. Hitler had 6 million of the "not fittest" by his definition gased and cremated, men, women and little children. World War II led to the deaths of some 60 million people. Since then, there have been others that have slaughtered people--Mao Tse Tung, Pol Pot of Cambodia, etc.   It is religion that gives people hope that there is something better than the suffering and evil, along with good, that we experience on this planet. That was Scifmania's point.
And yours aren't faith? And why can't a faith also be a fact?  faith: 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) : complete trust  Do you really need that question answered?   I'll ask you though, do you support the freezing of fertilized embryos? In all my experiences, I have only run across TWO people who have ever tried to really debate that issue from the "No" side of your question...  Everybody else that has a position regarding "life begins at conception" stance often avoids it like the plague...
Faith can be fact. You have a faith in science yet you call those facts. emoticon_rolleyes  You keep trying to equate your "faith" with science, which is based on reproducible proof, evidence, and fact. It's really kind of funny.   Even so, is a fact yet to be discovered not a fact? Yeah. Just like Atlantis is still a continent even though its never been discovered. By your logic, the "fact" that god exists and the "fact" that god doesn't exist have both "yet to be discovered"...    See above example. Undiscovered or "no proof" doesn't mean something doesn't exist and isn't a fact :)  It isn't a fact until its proven. Otherwise, we can claim that the exact opposite is also a fact, can't we?   Even so, what science do you think is "fact" in this situation....oh wait, you don't have any. Snide and boring. Trying to take me grossly out of context, achieving nothing. We were talking about your claim that "faith" can be "fact". You might have better luck trying to claim that faith can be TRUE.  Facts need substantiation. Labelling an unknown as "fact" is virtually an oxymoron.
can you prove that proof exists? No, its faith. Good try. Pathetic reply. Yes. I can "prove that proof exists". What issue do you think you're talking about with regards to a pretense that I can't?   No, but one of those is a fact...eventhough no one knows it. The reality already is here even if we don't know it. You've just neutered the idea of "fact" by that statement. Turned it into something it is not. It would be more accurate to say one of those is TRUTH, even though no one knows it. You keep trying to confuse the concept of "truth" with "facts".   No. fact is a truth and truth already exists even if you don't know it. 2+2=4 even if you are 1yr old and don't know what addition is. Fact is a truth that can be proven. It isn't JUST a "truth". I think that's the whole pivotal problem with your efforts. You're trying to pretend that the words "fact" and "truth" are automatically interchangeable. They aren't. While facts are truth, the other way doesn't hold true. A truth doesn't become "fact" until it is proven.   So you can't find the "science facts" that were referred to? Simone said there were "facts" not faith...what "facts"? You don't know do you? Be more explicit in what you're asking. I'm talking about what I read in your statements. I don't know what you are attacking in Simone's statements, nor am I defending them. I am saying YOUR statements were wrong.
How can you prove that proof exists without using the proof that you are trying to prove exists? See how "begging the question" that is. It's not "begging the question". If I wanted to prove I have a car, I would point to the car to prove that. If I wanted to prove that I had a job, I could take you to my place of work to prove that.  You're getting to damn existential for this conversation to make any sense. You're complaining about proving that proof exists "without using the proof"?  That's akin to demanding that I prove the existence of a chair without pointing to that chair. I think you've lost all track of reality with that response of yours above.  Why should I not point to the "proof" I say exists in order to prove it exists??? I don't get that...   It can mean a "known truth" but it can also mean " something that actually exists; reality; truth". But if you can't SHOW that it actually exists, how can it be a "fact"? It's like trying to prove the existence of a unicorn without pointing to a unicorn. To prove it exists, you need to prove it exists.   For one this doesn't matter, and two...see above. For one, it DOES matter. Or should I just say that none of your arguments matter, and that you should see the above. Great way to ignore the meat of my argument...   WHAT!? This whole thing started because of Simone. Don't try arguing when you don't even know why you doing so...geeze. This certainly explains a lot though. YOUR "whole thing" may have started with Simone. My "thing" started when I read one of your statements.  I know why I am arguing. I am arguing against your statements. Don't try to pretend that I need to defend Simone's arguments. I don't. If you can show a context where my comments don't refute your statements, that would be relevant. But blindly demanding I defend Simone's statements is nonsensical. I don't need to.  When Matthew replies to a variety of the articles he does, do YOU have to defend the person he is talking to in order to criticize his remarks? No? Get it?
You obviously don't deal with philosophy books too often. The idea that everything has some bit of faith is not a foreign one....it requires an understand that you really can't prove anything for sure. Thelmoose had the best response to it, and I'm not even going to try to do better.  I will add this though... Such a level of "analysis" overlooks the reality of the situation, whereby you ignore the fact that you have no objective evidence for your position, and you ignore the objective evidence for the other position. It's a tactic I see more and more with conservatives to eschew the knowledge (with objective evidence) that exists to try to pretend that it has equal footing with beliefs which lack objective evidence or have doubtful evidence.   the meat of the matter is actually that Simone is using a faith. If you're talking about "science", then you're just plain wrong. I realize you won't admit that, and I also see that nobody else is in the same boat as you trying to pretend what you are, so I'll leave it at that.  To try and denigrate science as a "faith" is nonsensical.   then this argument is over....if you aren't on the topic of abortion (Simone was) then why am I even bothering. Looking at your statements, I see virtually nothing actually talking about abortion anymore. The fact that you want to drop this with me is not surprising...   No, but atleast state remotely on topic. Dang. This whole time I was under the impression that you were defending Simones "science" and you aren't. In fact, it was a basis for a majority of my comments. Do you not agree that it is a pointless debate when the two parties involved differ on what they think the argument is about? Like I said. If you can point to some CONTEXT whereby I was misunderstanding your statements due to CONTEXT, then it is important.  If you are making sweeping generalizations about science being a faith, and not isolating your comments within a specific CONTEXT, then no. I don't agree.  You were arguing that science takes faith. I disproved that with the definition of faith. A firm belief in something for which there is NO proof. You tried to obfuscate that issue by ignoring the word PROOF, and focus on the meaning of "facts". Science HAS proof. Whether or not you want to "believe" it, it has objective proof that can be independently verified. Faith does not.  And now you're trying to derive significance from your misinterpretation about how I was supposedly doing something I never even hinted at? If you think your own failure to recognize that I was not doing something I never hinted at made you incapable of debating this topic, then that's your own opinion. I think I did fine on my end.
No, I am talking about simones posts..keep up. I am keeping up. I am keeping up including the post where you claimed this argument was over. Aren't you keeping up with what you yourself have said?   yet "thelmoose" all but said that and you referred to him....is their no faith in science or is their faith? "all but said"??? Must be Steeeeve-speak for "interpreting whatever I want to"...  Science depends upon what can be shown and proven. Objective and independent verification.   yeah, because you can't keep on topic. I can't keep on topic? The last mention of abortion by you is two pages ago. You haven't had a problem with THIS topic up until now. And it seems now that the reality of "faith" vs science is being exposed, you want to drop your previous statements and get back to "the topic"...   I just did show you...this whole conversation is based on Simone saying her stance is based on "science" and yet it was not. Irrelevant. If you had JUST said that Simone's stance was not based on science, I wouldn't have even bothered responding. What you DID do is try to denigrate science by pretending that it's as trivial and arbitrary as "faith". THOSE are the comments that I am responding to.  And they ARE NOT based on what you claim....   Thats not what a faith is but if it floats your boat go with it. How quickly you forget. That comes from the DEFINITION of "faith". faith: 2b1 firm belief in something for which there is no proof http://www.m-w.com/dictionary/faith  If a person has evidence in what he says is true, then it's not faith.   Proof. What is proof? You established what a real "proof" is? Hmm, seems you have faith that proof really is proof. And here we go again with this inane double-speak, pretending that I can't point to my car to show that I own a car.  How about you stop with this pointless and meaningless reply, and show WHAT YOU CLAIM science has said is "proof" that isn't actually "proof".  We could "prove" that water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen via electrolysis, but then what? Would your response be to just claim that I can use "proof" to "prove" something?   You hinted at it by responding to a post not directed towards you. What other context do you think I could take it? I "hinted" at it. i.e. Steeeeve interpreted what was convenient in something I never said or actually "hinted" at. These posts aren't e-mails Steeeeve. They aren't "directed" at anyone. People can pop in and reply to anything they want. It's funny how you are endorse a strict interpretation of the constitution, but you take such liberties in interpreting other people's words...
I can admit to having faith in the scientific method. What exactly is the "religious method"?  1) Cling to the rules and ideals of people who claimed to have "heard" God thousands of years ago.  2) Ignore any evidence to the contrary, and try to denigrate the research of others as just "belief" itself.  3) Eventually have later generations admit that the issue that "religion" told you had to be one way, only one way, and it was inconceivable to be something else, was just a misinterpretation of text and not important. Or just ignore the bible passages and hype on new ones.  4) Lather.  5) Rinse.  6) Repeat...
 Science has been wrong before and will be wrong in the future but you have faith in science which is fine...go with that.  Science has been wrong before and will be wrong again. Why? Because we can prove it. It is based on evidence, not faith. Basically, you disproved the point you have been trying to make with this post. Religion cannot be proven either right or wrong because it isn't based on evidence, just faith. And faith doesn't require anything but belief. I can call the sun a God all day long, but it doesn't change the fact that it is a star. Which can be proven. Does this make sense yet?
Jyoshu, can you please explain to me how religion plays a part on both sides? We all know how religion comes into play on the pro-life/anti-abortion/christian side. I believe most pro-choice people look at abortion from a more scientific and realist view VS. a moral stance...even though morals do come into play for both sides.   Bell, I completely agree with everything you said. I'll just say that one of my biggest beefs with the pro-life side is their religious stance. I feel that because not everybody has the same religion it is not fair for Christians to think that they can impose their beliefs on the rest of the country just because they are the majority. I suppose that is my biggest concern because most of the main-stream religions make me want to vomit (Christianity, Fascist Islam), just the way I am.   Originally Posted by Steeeeve  The major flaw in the pro-choice camp is that pro-choice is based on selfishness. emoticon_xgood   That is not really a fair or well thought-out statement is it Steeeve? I don't think that you can attribute one solid answer for any decision that someone makes, especially such a difficult one that contains so many levels of emotion and decision making. Your thumbs-up smiley face disturbs me also, when discussing such a touchy subject I would assume that someone would take it a little more seriously.
OT...does anybody know where you can download or get the whole episode of 30 days? I'd like to watch them but can't stay up late enough. Thanks!
Hmm Jyoshu, I don't think I've heard that argument from pro-choicers. Could you please explain their argument and why they think it is the "christian" thing to do and how you disagree with their argument or provide some facts.   I suppose it wouldn't surprise me because there are so many types of christians....some more radical than others and some who don't really follow the bible at all.
Abortion is a private matter. It is not the concern of the Church and State.  It depends on how a particular State sees the matter. The state may decide that abortion is a crime, therefore it is a matter of the state.  The same applies to the Church, if it considers it a sin, and the Catholic church does, then it is also a religious matter.
Frankly, I think that Jesus doesn't care what women decide about abortion.  Well, Jesus is dead, OK, maybe he resucitated. My question is: Was abortion practiced during Jesus's life?
Bell Quote: Of course there is nothing wrong w/ religion being a defining force behind someone's views. Or lack of religion. Whatever your ideology is you base your decisions on, that's fine and grand. However, there is something wrong when someone uses only their religious/ideology views, which are not shared by all, to legislate morality to everyone.   Here Here!
Thats really irrelevant. The only question is:  Is a pregnancy a 'reasonable step' for someone to take before they are justified in relinquishing their duty of care?  Could you please elaborate?
I still don't understand what you mean by "reasonable step", we don't get pregnant just to have an abortion. Do you mean is pregnancy a reasonable REASON to have for relinquishing duty of care?
well Adept, what other kind of step can someone take before they are justified in "abandoning" or relinquishing their care. Pregnancy seems like a pretty reasonable step as seeing that it has everything to do with you and your body. You said that nobody has to take care of anybody, yet you don't think pregnancy to be a reasonable step. ?????
I have no idea what you're talking about Adept. Maybe I'm not the only one because not many people have responded to your post.
Like I said in another thread, the argument I hear most often from so-called "pro-choicers" is that you cannot legislate morality. Well then what CAN you legislate? Every law in existence is legislation of morality! By that way of thinking, then we should have no laws. If someone kidnaps and murders your 3-year-old child, then let's hope the murderer goes free because we cannot legislate morality!  Perhaps in the future you should check your facts before making assertions like that.  Good grief. This thread is more then 4 months old. Please do not resurrect Zombie threads. It's common courtesy on virtually every board.  Apparently you are new to the whole forum thing. One does not resurrect Zombie threads for several reasons. 1) Often the posters on them are no longer around, therefore making arguments aganist theirs is a waste of time and server space 2) It interrupts to flow of current threads 3) It is common courtesy to let them die unless they hold direct quotes or arguments necessary to a new thread  There's a reason I'm editing instead of posting a new response.
This is all well and good but if God told you that " If man can create it , it is not from God." then lets go with that. The Bible says numerous times that God "forms" you in the womb.   Or if you want to look at human life as a continuum then just see that God created Adam and there you go.  Perhaps He was telling you that man created abortion ;)
God spoke to her not you. Not nice to second guess God. Or are you suggesting?????????  What I am suggesting is very clear....God told her "If man can create it , it is not from God". Is that not correct? I am saying that perhaps she misunderstood what that means.  Even so, it seems many more people claim God told them abortion is wrong...so at the very least we got nothing :-D
This is all well and good but if God told you that " If man can create it , it is not from God." then lets go with that. The Bible says numerous times that God "forms" you in the womb.   Or if you want to look at human life as a continuum then just see that God created Adam and there you go.  Perhaps He was telling you that man created abortion ;)  Steeeve, do think that since God is omnipotent (if you believe this, I don't know) and created all, even within the womb, that within 'his' plan is abortion?   wvpeach1963, I really enjoyed your 'different' opinion. Thanks for sharing.
steeeve  But did God really tell people abortion was wrong or are they listening to thier local pastor?  How do you explain billions of people missing from God's plan's and that not throwing a monkey wrench in the whole thing?  sinjin, true , life can be beautiful , but unless you live alone and were raised alone , you have expierenced at least grief at the death of a loved one , havn't you?   Most live through far worse hell than that, they watch thier own children starve and die in third world countries all the time.  Many third world country people might ask God the same question I thought of one day. Why did I have to be born only to live in desperate poverty , and watch my children die at the hands of genocidial maniac's? Why?  Because we each have our place in Gods plan for man. Is why.  Did God really tell you? Did you even understand what was meant?
Steeeve, do think that since God is omnipotent (if you believe this, I don't know) and created all, even within the womb, that within 'his' plan is abortion?   wvpeach1963, I really enjoyed your 'different' opinion. Thanks for sharing.  I can't imagine a God that wouldn't be omnipotent...but yes to answer your question. As for "his plan"....this seems to confuse people...it may be a part but this does not make it right. If you know everything then you have to take into account things that will happen...so if you know abortion is coming you make it into your plan even if wrong. Murder is wrong to God but that is gonna have to be part of the plan too, no? Nevertheless, this gets into details that I don't think matter too much for this discussion.
It has come to my attention that shooter and proud is a very young person. haha, I don't mean to be mean...but wasn't it obvious?  Believe me the 24 year old you will look back on the 18 year old you and think boy was I way off base back then.  and the 40yr old looks back at the 24yr old and will think "boy was I way of base back then". It is what it is.
BTW, didn't you just say you were from the UK in your last post?:xbanghead   I feel compelled to clear this one up. The best way to think of it is that the country is the UK, like the US. It is made up of four components, which could roughly be thought of as States (though the analogy isn't perfect): England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales.   Hence I live in London, which is in England, which is in the UK just as someone could live in say Edinburgh, which is in Scotland, which is in the UK or Los Angeles, which is in California, which is in the US...
Yeah. It has always surprised me that Americans don't do British history at all. I mean we learn Roman history at school as the nation that 'founded' us, so to speak. I'd have thought it would be impossible to properly understand colonial America without understanding how Britain works...  That said I don't really subscribe to the popular 'bloody yanks' view over here for not knowing the setup. I doubt the vast majority of Brits could tell the difference between Holland and The Netherlands say. You know what you need to...  Geroged, yeah that's why the analogy isn't perfect. Because unlike states, the home nations are also countries themselves. So when asked someone would usually say Scotland/ England/ Wales/ N Ireland first and the UK second...  Anyway, we're a bit OT here. Abortion anyone?
Data. And it was Star Trek: The Next Generation not Star Trek II. Argh damn this useless geek knowlege that infests my brain...
I don't think it's post First Contact. Remember, way before the emotion chip made an appearance Natasha was his lover, and I think the pic is from that time-period. That style of uniform was not in use for terribly long.Agreed. Star Fleet Dress Uniform was white by that time anyway. I'd say it's season 1 or 2.    Why are we talking about this?!
Your comments concerning this issue are interesting. My purpose for entering this forum is to achieve a deeper understanding of this topic from your perspective and to discover ways that we might enhance the terms of coexistence between those who are pro-life and those who are pro-choice. This can only be done in a safe atmosphere of clearly established ground rules that promote respectful exhange and sharing of thoughts. I approach you from a position of curiosity and will listen in an attempt to understand and gain insight into your beliefs and concerns.
Your comments concerning this issue are interesting. My purpose for entering this forum is to achieve a deeper understanding of this topic from your perspective and to discover ways that we might enhance the terms of coexistence between those who are pro-life and those who are pro-choice. This can only be done in a safe atmosphere of clearly established ground rules that promote respectful exhange and sharing of thoughts. I approach you from a position of curiosity and will listen in an attempt to understand and gain insight into your beliefs and concerns.  Debates on abortion are not notable for their moderation, so it's unlikely that the ground rules you stipulate will be respected.  James.
What is the opinion of the forum on the new laws in SC and GA requiring women seeking abortions to have to view an ultrasound prior to the procedure?
 Furthermore, if a pot started talking to you then perhaps you should lay off of the pot yourself.  lol nice quote there :)
well posed question, another opinon. i've tryed to ask steeeeve that same question many times.
I personally would make third trimester abortions illegal for most cases except for a few exeptions, including high risk to the mother's life or severe health reprecussions.My sentiments as well.
All of these ideas are about picking a point though and it is the picking of a point that I disagree with.  Such as conception?
I simply mean a member of the species of "human." If something is a member of that species, it is a human being.When does one become a "member"?
Lets break this down. Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts, or consciousness or self awareness is what makes an embryo have rights. The Lifers say that it should have rights regardless of its physical state.  Now, if I sat a flower pot down next to you, would you tell me it should have rights and that we should make pot smashing murder? Probably not. BUT, what if that pot started to talk to you. Started to ask you questions about life, and started to ask you where it was and what its purpose was. What if you had a casual conversation with this pot? Now, obviously, this pot should have rights, am I not correct? No. The pot should not have rights. You, however, should stop dropping acid :)
 Anyway, what is the point of arguing semantics? Even if we were all to agree to your definition of the word person or human, so what? Definitions of words do not make morality unless, like you, morality consists of proclamations not meanings and reasons. For those of us who base our morality on reason, not proclamations, the reasons behind the arguements for or against abortion rights are important. To me, these discussions of official meanings of words are a pointless waste of time.  I've found that semantics take centerstage in many other forums (I agree it is a pointless exercise). It had thankfully not been the case here. Until now :(
Flower pots can talk really? Awsome will it talk to me.
Lets break this down. Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts, or consciousness or self awareness is what makes an embryo have rights. The Lifers say that it should have rights regardless of its physical state.  Now, if I sat a flower pot down next to you, would you tell me it should have rights and that we should make pot smashing murder? Probably not. BUT, what if that pot started to talk to you. Started to ask you questions about life, and started to ask you where it was and what its purpose was. What if you had a casual conversation with this pot? Now, obviously, this pot should have rights, am I not correct? Since I'm a hardcore trekkie (and I know quoting star trek isn't the best debate, but its a good analogy), I can relate to what Commander data was going through. In case you didn't know, Commander Data is an anderoid, a Robot. But, he is hard to tell apart from a human. When he was first being built, he was not considered a sentient being. He was a bunch of parts, but when those parts were put together and he was activated, it was then he was considered a sentient being deserving of rights. This can very much relate to an embryo. An embryo is in early stages. It is like commander data in parts. They did not consider data a sentient being deserving of rights. However once he was activated, the captain and the crew had to defend his rights on numerous occasions. An embryo can also be like a flower pot. Even though that flower pot may have the capability to develop intelligence, it lacks intelligence. But, as i said before, if that flower pot started talking to you, then it obviously has developed intelligence and is deserving of rights. The same goes with your computer. If it becomes self aware, and starts talking to you, it is then that it deserves rights.   Simply because an embryo shares some human DNA is no excuse to grant it an exception. I know many of you will bring up eugenics and the mentally ill, but the mentally do posses intelligence. Maybe not as much as you or I, but they still posses it.  Is a computer with AI deserving of rights?
what is this "evidence"? The fact that he doesn't think a rape victim should get an abortion? I'd like to see that one in a court case..HA  What if it were to show up at the Supreme Court?
This is the pro-choice worldview at its finest.  You're right. We should go ahead and throw every such child in the trash. They are too much of a burden on society at large. Come to think of it, most of the elderly are a burden on society much in the same way. Let's go ahead and off them too. And while we're on the topic, those folks sitting in wheelchairs really are burdensome on the pocketbook...  By the way, the child was black.  What does race have anything to do with it?! So the baby is less important because its black?!
How much money do we spend attempting to abort black children? 73% of Planned Parenthood clinics are in minority neighborhoods. Do the eugenics of Margaret Sanger and her institution persist? http://www.blackgenocide.org/planned.html  http://www.blackgenocide.org/black.html  http://www.blackgenocide.org/  this is what we brought up in the "slavery/abortion" thread...
How much did it cost to bring this child to a point of viability outside the hospital?  And, are we, as a largely repulsively Republican pennypinching society, ready to expend the funds for every such birth?  Take a look at this.. abortion is probably costing just as much... but since this child is black i thought id just put this on here..  "With 1/3 of all abortions performed on Black women, the abortion industry has received over 4,000,000,000 (yes, billion) dollars from the Black community."
Just curious, would you find anything wrong if someone wanted to eat any, to use your term, "not sentient" creature?  We eat cows, pigs, chickens, fish, and various other sentient animals every day, so why would not having the sentience make a difference?
And what is the percentage? I've heard that 95% of abortions occur in the embryo stage, or something around that.  I'm pretty sure the percentage is at aroung 1.8% or so. A very very small percentage.
Wait a minute, I thought most animals weren't sentient.  It really depends on how you define sentience, and what value you place on the sentience of each species. I would definately agree that most animals are not even close to the level of sentience of humans. Some that come close are the apes (our close ancestors) and dolphins (who are quite sentient).
I personally opted for abortion over adoption for two main reasons.  1. I had no intention to get pregnant. I faithfully took the pill, and by fiance always used a condom. Despite these precautions, we experienced that "percentage failure" of contraception. I found out I was pregnant several weeks in, and my fiance and I made our decision together.  2. We had no money. We are both in college (finishing up our Masters degrees in a few weeks now), and have enormous student loan fees as well as numerous other monetary problems. Right now the most we can do is finish up school and pay to keep our apartment.   Pregnancy is a very expensive thing (which is why I find it ridiculous that pro-lifers offer adoption as if it was such a great option, because adoption itself can be free, but they don't take into consideration everything before adoption), and we couldn't afford to have a child to give up for adoption let alone actually raise one.  To add to the obvious costs of pregnancy, there is also the loss of pay as I would not be able to work (I'm a geologist - this involves quite a bit of strenuous outdoors work), which would even further affect us.  Hope everything was clear to you, if you have any questions, just ask. Those were my reasons, and there are many many more that apply to different women in different ways.  What if the costs associated with the pregnancy were paid for along with a stipend? Would that have changed your mind? if not, why not. If so, why?  Huck
Right now, I might consider it, as I am now a few weeks away from my graduation. Back then, I would not, as I had just begun college (I was in my sophomore year for my BS - now I'm about to get my MS). However, there is also that other major part of my decision - I never had the intention to become pregnant, and we even took steps to make sure I wouldn't. That also is a major factor in any of my decisions on it.   Another decision that involves my work is that from about my fifth month on (acording to the doctors I spoke with) - I would be unable to work - that's four months, and while right now I am in good standing with my company and they might even allow me to do that, back then I was just starting out, and would be unable to do so.  So, I'd say that at the moment if that were to happen, and that I was paid a stipend (I know of no place near me that does so) and then gave the baby up for adoption, my fiance and I would seriously consider the prospect.  I know that in the future - in five years or so - we expect to be able to have paid off all our loans, and we will then consider actually having a baby.  So in summary - now I would consider it, but back when I had the actual abortion (6 years ago or so) I would not consider it.  That sounds like an honest answer. How did you feel about it at the time? How do you feel about it now? Just trying to educate myself more.  Huck
Thanks. I guess I need you to clarify your question a bit - what does "it" in your question refer to? There are two things that I can think that the word might refer to (how I felt about the abortion, or how I felt about adoption are the two possibilities), so I'll need you to expand on that for me to give you a good answer. ;)  I guess I am wondering about your feelings and thinking immediately prior to, during and immediately after making the decision and following through on it. It seems (and I have little experience in the matter) that it would be a very difficult thing to do.  Huck
Why is it selfish if a woman chooses to have an abortion so that her other children can have a better life?  Is that selfish? Are you so stupid as to believe that that is a selfish reason?  Why is it selfish if woman chooses to have an abortion in order to advance in her career?  Why don't you ask if a man is being self if he chooses to ignore his wife and children in order to advance in his career?  Do you ever ask that question? Do you have the balls to ever ask if men are being selfish when they tromp all over everyone else in order to succeed?  Do you ever ask that question?  Simone you do not help the position with such emotional rants. I believe your questions were more than adequately answered by others so I will not attempt to do so. However, please look at how you approach the topic. You do not advance the position and in fact, your defensiveness only perpetuates a stereotype that hinders.
She is no worse than some of the rants we hear from the other side. The the words "convenience" and "selfish" get tossed around with absolutely no serious regard for the details of women's lives and comments like "she should have kept her legs closed", etc. are equally ineffective emotional rants that hinder discussion and perpetuate stereotypes.  Generally speaking, I agree with you Jito. However, Simone rarely provides any kind of logical argumentation. The others I see do provide logical argumentation but they also throw in the emotional rants. It is usually a debate technique intended to throw the opposition into a frenzy on emotional points that add nothing to the debate. It is specifically a technique used by experienced debators. Simone's arguments are almost exclusively of that nature. She will only occasionally avoid them and use logic and evidence to support her positions. Her reputation for providing decent argument is low in this regard.  Yours is much better. Even in this post where you are clearly bothered, you approach it very level headed and without the hystrionics that frequently compose the posts of simone. You make a legitimate point and support it with reason and analysis.   I am faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrr more willing to see your side of things and to listen to you with an open mind. Simone's posts have a tendancy to shut the door to my mind before I even read them.  Others who say some of the vile things you referenced will typically turn me off once I read them, but I will usually push through the rest of the post so that I can read and evaluate that which does indeed have substance.  Also, I don't read everything. Not enough time in the day. Simone I take notice of because I have had arguments around such rants and believe she has some really legitimate points and would like to see her use them far more constructively so that they are given some due weight.  Huck
I would say that both parties have a case here. The clinic and worker were taped without consent which does violate CA law. Also, the video has been splashed all over the net on sites like YouTube and the like, plus broadcast on some major news networks. (The O'Reilly Factor showed the video last night.) Can't really dispute the fact that the law was broken when you have seen the video.   In the same respect, the actions of the planned parenthood clinic are deplorable. Instructing a girl claiming to be 15 years old to lie in order to circumvent parental notification and state notification laws is rediculous. Again, after seeing the video, there is really no denying what was said.   The only question I wonder about is if the video would be admissible in a court of law due to the fact that it was illegally made.
Oh yeah, christians hate sex samiinh. This is one of the most ridiculous things you've ever posted. And could you at least try to find an objective source if you hope to have any credibility around here ?  Then why is the US system of sex education based around the concept of danger where the European systems are designed around the concepts of choice, openness and pleasure?   Furthermore, why it is that while both have the same age of when teenagers begin sexual activity, the Europeans have lower abortion rates, lower pregnancy rates and lower diease rates?   Could it be that our programs are denying teenagers the information they need to make informed choices to lower their risk associated with inevitable behavior?
It turns out that Planned Parenthood has found itself in quite a debacle after an 18 year old college student video taped one of its counselors trying to encourage a deception in order to circumvent California law.  The 18 year old student posed as a 15 year old girl who got pregnant from her 23 year old boyfriend, an instance that is defined as statutory rape. California law requires that Planned Parenthood report such cases. However, this employee suggested that the student simply "figure out a birth-date that works" in order to make it appear as though she was 16 in which case there would be no statutory rape to be reported.  The story and video can be found here: http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewCulture.asp?Page=/Culture/archive/200705/CUL20070515b.html.  Given these facts, there is no doubt that the employee was trying to figure out a way to perpetrate a deception in order to circumvent the law. It is also true that the video taping of parties without their consent is likewise a violation of California law.  With that established, I would be interested in your comments.  Planned Parenthood should be a self sustaining organization. Paid for by it's customers only. Then they can tell whatever lies they want to and be sued like any other private entity.
Mayhap the objection originates from the disagreement over whether they will or will not do it regardless of what ye say. Many simply object to the defeatist suggestion that suggests since they are going to do it anyways, why not teach em about safety?  I believe there is a subtle difference in:  "In the event of a water landing, your seat may be used as a floatation device."  And  "Since we know the Captain is going to crash anyway, your seat may be used as flotation device."   With which airline would ye rather fly?
Either are better than: "Providing floatation devices is a defeatist attitude; a self-fulfilling prophecy. Therefore we do not provide floatation devices."   That seems closer to the philosophy Archangel supports.  Unless ye are embarking on the decision to fly expressly based on the possibility that floating seat cushions will be sufficient to save ye.   If the plane can't fly, why should I believe the seats can float? If you're going to crash, having a floatable seat seems to be one of my lesser worries. Rather akin to the "Safe Sex" argument. I would rather not crash than worry about whether my seat can float.   100% of airplane crash fatalities can be prevented by abstaining from air travel. The Floatable seat has a somewhat less stellar record.
As would I, but the argument provided already assumes that the flight was taken. The contention between Archangel and myself is what to do at that point. That one is not "emotionally mature" enough to handle crashing will not prevent the plane from crashing.  So bypassing the question of whether the individual is emotionally mature enough to board the plane, it then becomes a question of whether said "yute" is emotionally mature enough to deploy a parachute and whether the parents should be advised that said yute is about to bail out of the plane?  Completely beside the point, but since we're discussing air travel...when they tell parents to don oxygen masks before placing the oxygen mask over the child, does it bother anyone to muse on which of one's two children should be the first to receive oxygen?
We may have reached the limit of clarity this analogy can bring us. The argument here centers around dealing with the physical harm caused by the crash, not preventing the harm as the parachute would attempt to do. In that case the question is whether they should be left to flounder if that is what the parent wished or if a floatation device should be given in defiance of the parent's wish.  This would not be an exact analogy, though.    I heard a story, and I have no idea if it's true, that a mother who was attempting to escape the rising ocean in one of the tsunamis left a child behind so she could save the other (she could not carry both), and the one left behind survived. That's gotta be damaging to the self-esteem to know you're not the favorite in so monumental a manner :P  well I would agree that the metaphor has been quite thoroughly beaten. It was enjoyable nontheless.   I wonder how that reunion went...
Your reasoning of the effects of abortion are correct.  The liberals who see abortion as a normal, acceptable, right to choose abortion are aborting themselves into extinction.  Reverence, and a love of life is not what motivates Muslims. The power of Islam is. There is nothing to indicate that Muslims "love" life. They'll cut your limbs or head off for nearly any reason. They'll remove your head with a hacksaw so to take the time for "you" the victim to enjoy the moment and to voice your opinion and video it for your family and countrymen to enjoy.  If you dont believe that muslims love life they will cut your head right off! Its an easy choice if you ask me.
Wow, I don't think I've ever seen an argumentum ad Muslim TM in the abortion debate before.
The women of Islam need to become feminists. That's all that's needed.  I fear that would lead to extermination of the women.
Your reasoning of the effects of abortion are correct.  The liberals who see abortion as a normal, acceptable, right to choose abortion are aborting themselves into extinction.  Reverence, and a love of life is not what motivates Muslims. The power of Islam is. There is nothing to indicate that Muslims "love" life. They'll cut your limbs or head off for nearly any reason. They'll remove your head with a hacksaw so to take the time for "you" the victim to enjoy the moment and to voice your opinion and video it for your family and countrymen to enjoy. Do you want anyone to take you seriously?
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/06/07/nfert107.xml   Arab's birth rate - 7-10 kids  Birth rate in UK - below 2....   And we wonder why it seems muslims are taking over the world... DUH !!! THEY care about life more than the "free" world....  I believe that one of the reasons we are dealing with terrorism in the world is because we are committing mass murder on babies in the womb...  Need i say more...  What the hell do arabs have to do with this? There are hardly any arabs (or even Brits of arabic descent) in the UK.
Republic of Ireland; Abortion is illegal. Birth rate per couple; 1.86.  Lower than the UK where Abortion is legal and the birth rate is 1.87.  In any case Arabs aren't averaging 7-10 kids. Yemen; 6.49 Oman; 5.70 Gaza; 5.64 Djibouti; 5.23 West Bank; 4.17 Iraq; 4.07 Egypt; 2.77 Jordan; 2.55 UAE; 2.43 Turkey; 1.89 Lebanon; 1.88 Iran; 1.71
great : site    Thanks for this just signed up!!
It really doesn't matter how many abortions are occurring or the ratio to live births or the birth rate per woman. Unless one knows the denominator, the ratios are meaningless.  All you need to is how many absolute live births are occurring in one group versus another (and I suppose you also need to consider the infant mortality rate alongside those numbers.) The decision to terminate a pregnancy has the same effect as birth control or abstinence. If one woman has 10 children and 10 abortions, she will end up with more children and a woman who has 2 children and no abortions.    I am making no comment on anything but the math. All I am saying is the orginal article does not give enough information to conclude what the title of the thread states. The original article wasn't even discussing Arabs or Muslims, it was talking about immigrants.  As previously stated, worst thread ever.
The highest rate of unemployed in Europe is among Muslim immigrants. It's not surprising. Because nowadays with their immigrant doles they find more comfortable rather doing nothing than working as labourers which those arrogant aliens conceder beneath their dignity or forbidden by their Allah. And that Allah is very strict guy. As soon as he sees that his subjects begin working hard he announces this activity abominable. But it is so tempting living in civilized country and stirring no finger for getting little money necessary for barely making ends meeting. As a result we have suburbs of our towns full of malcontent indigent Muslims prepared tore throat to every the least dressed properly European. The only thing to do is toughening control over Muslims living in Europe. If they want staying here they have to obey our laws and stop being burden and spongers. If their religion forbids them European way of life they should change their religion or adopt moderate Islam worked out by Europeans for Europe.
The highest rate of unemployed in Europe is among Muslim immigrants. It's not surprising. Because nowadays with their immigrant doles they find more comfortable rather doing nothing than working as labourers which those arrogant aliens conceder beneath their dignity or forbidden by their Allah. And that Allah is very strict guy. As soon as he sees that his subjects begin working hard he announces this activity abominable. But it is so tempting living in civilized country and stirring no finger for getting little money necessary for barely making ends meeting. As a result we have suburbs of our towns full of malcontent indigent Muslims prepared tore throat to every the least dressed properly European. The only thing to do is toughening control over Muslims living in Europe. If they want staying here they have to obey our laws and stop being burden and spongers. If their religion forbids them European way of life they should change their religion or adopt moderate Islam worked out by Europeans for Europe. That's strange. My brother-in-law is a Muslim. He has two jobs, works late, gets up early. You can hardly get him to sit down to eat.  Perhaps you should adjust your rant to say 'some Muslims'.  Smiley
The highest rate of unemployed in Europe is among Muslim immigrants. It's not surprising. Because nowadays with their immigrant doles they find more comfortable rather doing nothing than working as labourers which those arrogant aliens conceder beneath their dignity or forbidden by their Allah. And that Allah is very strict guy. As soon as he sees that his subjects begin working hard he announces this activity abominable. But it is so tempting living in civilized country and stirring no finger for getting little money necessary for barely making ends meeting. As a result we have suburbs of our towns full of malcontent indigent Muslims prepared tore throat to every the least dressed properly European. The only thing to do is toughening control over Muslims living in Europe. If they want staying here they have to obey our laws and stop being burden and spongers. If their religion forbids them European way of life they should change their religion or adopt moderate Islam worked out by Europeans for Europe.One of the barriers to assimilation or maybe more properly amalgamation is the attitude(s) of natives you express here. It is difficult to believe that anyone would prefer to live a subsistence lifestyle based on welfare(dole) if they could achieve more affluence with proper employment. I think you underestimate what is involved with trying to "jump in" when you are constantly feeling judged unfairly and stereotyped. It takes time for both parties to find a middle way.  How many Muslims do you count among your friends?
dont feed the trollbot
Recent revelation by Pentagon head that in the foreseeable future our country needs to prepare to anti partisan operations sound shocking actually!  But it was right now that I got it at last. Those operations will take place not somewhere in a distant country but right here at territory of the US! I think that disgusting perspective we owe to our nutty officials unable to confine Muslims' immigration to USA. Muslim newcomers are building new mosques and their communities are growing rapidly (partly due to rising figures of the native Americans converting into Islam). I'm sure that our officials knew that most acts of terrorism occurred in USA are due to Muslim participation but in spite of it they are continuing to present all those shootings in broad daylight or explosions or other as just accidents caused by natural reasons! They hide the truth. In fact the guerilla warfare is being led by Muslims at the territory of USA and IMHO it'll be on the rise in nearest future. I wonder why our top officials have been inactive and lying all the time! They've been preoccupied with Iraq and Afghanistan mainly and not caring about ordinary Americans personal safety! Sure this is huge error of Washington administration. Who will bear the responsibility I wonder.
Recent revelation by Pentagon head that in the foreseeable future our country needs to prepare to anti partisan operations sound shocking actually!  But it was right now that I got it at last. Those operations will take place not somewhere in a distant country but right here at territory of the US! I think that disgusting perspective we owe to our nutty officials unable to confine Muslims' immigration to USA. Muslim newcomers are building new mosques and their communities are growing rapidly (partly due to rising figures of the native Americans converting into Islam). I'm sure that our officials knew that most acts of terrorism occurred in USA are due to Muslim participation but in spite of it they are continuing to present all those shootings in broad daylight or explosions or other as just accidents caused by natural reasons! They hide the truth. In fact the guerilla warfare is being led by Muslims at the territory of USA and IMHO it'll be on the rise in nearest future. I wonder why our top officials have been inactive and lying all the time! They've been preoccupied with Iraq and Afghanistan mainly and not caring about ordinary Americans personal safety! Sure this is huge error of Washington administration. Who will bear the responsibility I wonder.  FDR: "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."  GWB: "Be afraid; be very afraid!"  Maybe we shoud just require Muslims to wear yellow crescents on their outer clothing.  Oh, I forgot, that was done previously, and for the same spurious reasons.  Santayana lives!
Free Jaffa? The ethnic cleansing continues......
SoC simply doesn't realize the meaning of the term. Genus and -cida mean nothing to him.  It stems back to the latest genocides, when it became popular to term everything as genocide to get some support against it. Just like everything is labeled as terrorism.  And, SoC, no, abortion has nothing similar to genocide. Look at some genocides and you'll see why not.
Well, considering that quote comes from somebody whose throat I would just as soon slit as have come within ten feet of my child, it means nothing. emoticon_xagree ...
I tried to avoid this discussion, but this is just my opinion and stance on abortion.  As a woman, I don't want any MAN to be deciding for me what I can and can't do with my own body. HOWEVER, that doesn't mean that I think abortion is right, but I want to make that decision on my own.  My belief is that abortion shouldn't be a right, but it shouldn't be something that's criminal if the reasons are justifiable. I think it should be treated akin to homicide, you don't get punished if your actions were truly justified.
But you are ok with a woman deciding what is right for someone else's own body...specifically the babies?  How would you like to have a parasite in your body and not be given treatment to remove it based solely on the fact that even parasitic organisms are living things and deserve life?  Not pretty is it? Imagine being one of those guys in the Alien movies and you've got a chestburster in you that's gonna kill you once its fully gestated, but you're not allowed to have an operation to have it removed from your body because of an intergalatic treaty declaring that all life is precious and must be observed.  Seems to me a woman isn't more qualified to deal with the issue of abortion than a man.  Men shouldn't be deciding because they can't get pregnant after being raped. When was the last time a man's life was ever at risk because his wife was pregnant?  In fact, it could be said that the man has the only independent perspective.  An independant perspective doesn't make it a good thing. Politicians that propose anti-gun legislation don't have to live in the real world with those of us that the bill will affect, they shouldn't be allowed to propose it.
Actually they can't ever get pregnant.  No kidding.  Steve - its not about qualifications - its about impact. Women are the ones who get pregnant, we should have more authority in the matter.  F--k'in A! right! I don't want some damn MAN deciding what's going to be legal for my body. They have NO experience with the female anatomy except what they manage to bag, they shouldn't be allowed to decide for us.  They have no idea what pregnancy is like, the damage it does to our bodies and our minds, and they don't have to pay to support a child that we were forced to accept at knifepoint.  Where is the logic is violating women a second time? Where's the justification for it? Doesn't the life of the unintended mother account for anything at all?  Do you men have any idea of the dangerous precdent you'd be setting up with a total ban on abortion? Women who have been raped and essentially told "You WILL have this child, you WILL carry it to term, or you WILL go to prison!" would likely commit suicide as a result, meaning that TWO lives are gonna be lost.
So wouldn't this make you a biased party? Seems you wouldn't be capable of making a moral decision when you have some personal benefit at stake. Should a victim in a case be able to decide the fate of the defendant? Should oil companies get to talk about global warming? The answer to those are NO because the two parties are biased and have a stake in the decision that limits their ability to make a good decision.   We're not the biased party, we're the informed party. We're the ones that know what we're talking about, you don't. You wouldn't have your mechanic take care of your bypass surgery would you?  Does this mean we shouldn't listen to women regarding abortion? No. It means women have no more standing to speak on the issue than men.  Excuse me? Women are the only ones who can get pregnant. We should be the ones with the only standing on the matter!  So now you admit its two lives. Interesting.  I'm not so sure it is. Last I checked anybody who murders a pregnant woman doesn't face two counts of first degree murder, only one. Fetuses aren't counted as actual persons according to the law, so I don't see how murder of a nonperson could be illegal, or even possible. If a fetus isn't going to be counted as a person then abortion can't truly be considered a crime now can it?  You realize that rape accounts for about or less than 1% of abortions. Perhaps you should give a reason for the 99% of abortions that happen instead of opting for fallacy talk.  Better supply the source of those statistics to back up your argument.
[QUOTE]As a matter of fact, I think the law in some states now treat a foetus as a separate person in the case of an assault against a pregnant woman. For example, this case appeared in 2003:  There's still nothing on the Federal level, so a state law can be rather moot in the discussion.  This would criminalise any act that resulted in the death of a foetus. So there are legal precedents for treating a foetus as a separate person, and if the law changes this definition, well, that becomes the new definition, irrespective of what biologists or women think or want. The law doesn't have to make sense, after all, it can be a completely arbritrary convention.  Any act that results in death? So a woman tripping and falling flat on her stomach and suffering a miscarriage would result in charges of murder?
You know, I was going to go off on a tangent and talk about how I was going to contact every female legislator I can find and try to convince them to introduce and sign onto as sponsors, a bill that would make it a federal offense for any man to abadon any child or potential child he might have. But it would be so vaguely worded that it would criminalize masturbation since every sperm has the potential to become a child.  I still believe it, but I'm gonna use a different argument. I wonder how many men are really in support of a ban on abortion. How many of you scumbags that have some side-whore that you f**k when the wife isn't looking or not in the mood, would be in favor of a law that would make it impossible for your side-whore to have an abortion if you got her pregnant? That'd be lovely for you wouldn't it, having to support two families now.
[QUOTE]An individual is often defined as a single person. The fetus is a unique single person.  A fetus isn't an individual since it's bound to the mother and relies solely on her for survival. If the mother dies then an infant can still survive through the help of others, but if the mother dies then a fetus dies along with her since they're connected, meaning the fetus is little more than a parasite in terms of individuality.  and it shouldn't be a choice. You should not have the choice to end someone elses life.   Not even if the someone else is threatening your very life?  The consequence is the pregnancy and creation of another life. You never have a choice to end up someones life for convenience of yourself.  What if the woman forced to endure the pregnancy decides to kill herself and end not only her life but the life of her possible child?  The heart attack is the consequence of how they lived. You don't have a choice but to live with that consequence...including paying the bill.  Heart attacks don't affect fat people, anybody can have a heart attack no matter how healthy you live.  I'm seeking to prevent the killing of a person's body actually.  So do I. I feel that if mothers are forced to have the children of their rapists then they may be driven to depression and suicide.
[QUOTE]This isn't even true..... There are been plenty of times a mother has died and the baby has lived.  Please! There's no way a fetus of two months could ever survive if the mother were killed.  Well considering this almost never happens in the case of abortion I will say this is irrelevant.  Funny how people like you always love to use examples of things that happen only one time every ten or fifteen years as an example for demanding more legislation, but when presented with the same argument of one extremely rare incident happening in such minute amounts you say it's irrelevant to the discussion.  What about it?  So you've got no problem with women killing themselves from forced depression? You've got no problem with the death count being two instead of one?  You preserve life by killing millions? Seems a little backwards.  I don't support an open ended abortion policy where it happens for no reason or justification. However I don't want abortion outlawed when the reason for having one can be justified.  Why don't you speak for the 99% reasons of abortions? You try to use exception and extraordinary cases to justice the entire use of abortion. Do you not have good reasons for the other 99% of abortions?  You've failed to prove what the other 99% of the time is. How many had them due to the fact that their children would be born braindead or suffer from horrible birth defects? How many were determined to be a threat to the mother's life and wellbeing?
Back to the idea that words have no meaning? A common theme of your inconsistent beliefs.  Somebody needs to knock Stretch off his holier-than-thou, high-and-mighty, know-it-all perch and send him crashing down to the reality which is life.  A fetus isn't an individual until it's fully developed and born and able to survive without the direct and constant life support of the mother. I don't care if the fetus is living and growing, it's not fully developed human. Until it's fully born the fetus is of the same status of living being that a dog or a cat might be; living but that's it. And we have no laws against putting down pets that can't live healthy lives.
Yeah, this isn't true. What you are saying is that you don't like how individual is defined so you wish to change it to make yourself feel better. A born baby can't even survive on its own so why can't we kill born babies?  The difference between a born baby, and an unborn fetus, is that if the mother dies the baby can be cared for by other people and it'll still survive, the fetus has no change of living if the mother should die while it's still in the first trimester of development.
Let's cut the nonsense and get down to brass tax. Would YOU as an individual be perfectly alright with some far removed politicians that're out of touch with the world, deciding for you what exactly is legal to do with your own body? Do you support giving your right to choose away to someone that'll make a choice for you even though it might not be the choice you want?  Show of hands, who here is perfectly alright with the government being allowed to make all of your decisions for you, and telling you how you're going to live your life?
Look Stretch, do you want the government to have total say over your life? If not then shut up! The government should have no say regarding the topic of abortion, it should be up to the people, not some elected officials who only know how to lie, cheat and steal!
I'm talking to you, with the extra three Es in his name.
I see Archie has reverted to the "you have no moral compass" broken record again.  Watch out people.
Would you be support National Health Care Plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/national_health_care.HTM
The big problem is that most of that tax money neither goes towards the needs or the wants of the American people, and all the tax money is coming from the middle class. While the less than 5% wealthy doesn't pay any taxes after their tax returns. If we solved this problem then we would have more than enough money to pay for a free health care.  Check out my post under the taxation heading.  You might find it enlightening.  Waxy
An yet the US has the most expensive medical system, but not the healthiest populace. To me it seems like the US could benefit from a dual system with governmental support for preventive treatments and medicine... But I`m not sure how that system would work... It would also be possible to have mandatory healt insurances, payed through taxes, but competed for by private companies...
Yes, my family have had good response from our NHS and very good care. However, my Wife's Aunt who trained at Barts was extremely scathing of the standards of cleanliness as is a neighbour who is a former Ward Sister.  However, I have to say that I am very puzzled by the way the NHS is funding and how the Hospital Trusts are apparently running this huge deficiit.  It seems to me that the entire personnel of the gets paid whether they treat no patients at all or several million. This to me that in assessing costs of operations etc the salaries etc are a general overhead. Same goes for the buildings beds etc. The true overheads would be surely the use of materials and supplies.  I have a stong feeling that the whole method of accounting is merely moving figures around from one bucket to another on paper rather than in reality and that the whole system of accounting needs drastically looking at.  Can anyone explain how it works?
Totally agree. If you can't afford it you should be able to get it, but if you can afford it, you should be able to choose what you want to get and where you want to spend your money.  zachvac,   Could I ask you to clarify that statement.   Do you mean that you should not get Health Care if you can not afford it ? Or do you mean that you can only get Private Health Care if can not afford it ?
if you guys are willing to discuss a tangent...  why it is that ford and GM aren't supporting a NHC system that would take off billions in cost to them?
Is America's health care system the best in the world?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_us_health_care.HTM
yes it is, provided you can pay for it.
Have there ever been any comparative studies comparing national systems ?
Is Canadian healthcare a failure?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_canadian_doctors.HTM
Falling, I got some information from some Canadians. Most of them didn't like the system and would rather see it gone. They said:  Canada is experiencing an even more severe shortage of doctors and nurses than most nations with a shortage. There is a huge waiting list for vital procedures.  Assorted colorful remarks about Chretien and his party...   And my French friend said in France it is first come, first served, which we all know isn't such a great idea.
Because they are afraid of change. People from Canada and France say no one there likes the leaders. I always ask why they get re-elected. They say it is because no one else is sure what the other party will do because they have no been in power for so long. I'd say Right parties in those countries are like the Green party here...viewpoints confused and the party generally not well known. (Party names are so bland in Canada and France...LIberal party, Conservative party, Right Party, Left Party.)  Now that's different. I would probably be for free healthcare at a certain income level if it cut off there. But that's different from the current plan--we'd need major changes.
By that I mean leadership change. The other parties haven't been in power for so long...   I said free healthcare is fine at a certain income cut off and with major changes from the Canadian/ French system.
Hmm... I would probably say $40,000-$30,000. $60,000 is way to high, on my opinion. I think it should be offered only to those who can't afford it. If you make $60,000 I would say you could afford it.
Hmm... I think we should stick with the income level instead of giving all government employees healthcare that they may not need.
I said the pay is bad and I couldn't deal with today's children. Inserting words at me again...   If they are so underpaid they don't need an exception... they'd already be at the right level, would they not?
I have just spent 2 years in Canada and the health care sucks. But the reason is trivial: money.  How many of you know the correct answer to the following question: Between Canada and the US, where does the government spend more on health care per capita?  If you think it is Canada, you are dead wrong. And of course the private spending in the US is much bigger.  The problem with the Canadian system is excessive cost control. This is because the politicians must keep taxes down - at any given election time, the majority of the voters are healthy.  While no one likes high taxes, the US experience shows that people also hate cost control in health care. That is why we have - through legislation and litigation - crippled the HMOs' ability to control costs and we once again have a double-digit inflation in health care costs.  But the truth is, the American 15% of GDP is probably closer to what an affluent society desires to spend on health care than Canada's 9%.
Should patients have the right to sue their health plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/suing_hmos.HTM
Are you for or against Chiropractic?
Originally posted by admin  Are you for or against Chiropractics?    I am against chiropractic because it is based on what the chiropractic world would want you to believe is a fact. They maintain that bodily disorders occur because of interference to the nervous system that is caused by spinal bones impinging the nerves when they become misaligned. This claim is presented as a fact and it has never been proven. In adition to that, most chiropractors reject the germ theory, and it has been proven.
It works... ask anyone who has done it.
It works? Sure it works, "sometimes."  Rubbing my back feels good and for that reason, it works. But if I told you that doing that would keep you healthy and you needed to do that on a regular basis for the rest of your life, for that benefit to be acquired, would you do it? Wouldn't you want to know if that were a truthful claim? As absurd as it may sound, and for that reason alone, you may forget you were evn told that. But just for curiosity sake, you said, "Has that been proven?" And when you ask them to provide the proof to support that claim and they cannot provide it, would you still believe it? Thats what the chiropractic profession wants the world to believe. That chiropractic care can correct the cause of disease. Which they say is a subluxation. Not germs, but subluxations.  :eek:
greenleif,  your generalizing. I had a chiropractor as a biology teacher.  And we studied micro, cellular, and genetic biology.  My teacher taught that chriopractic skills could be used to detect diseases not cure them.
Debater,  I would personally like very much to talk with that Biology teacher. As a former chiropractor myself, the comment you made regarding what he can do with chiropractic training or skills is something I would like to have him decribe to me. I am hopeful you are interested in the truth also, and if he can provide scientific verification that that can be accomplished, I will be the first one to step forth and offer my apologies.  If you would give me his name or contact him and give him the whereabouts of this site, so he can query me and let me know how he can accomplish these things, I would be most grateful.  Thanks for your input,  Greenleif
There are studies showing that spinal allignments have direct correlations to many health problems. My science teacher is a DC, and that was part of his doctoral thesis.
Again, I would like very much to talk with your science teacher.  What I would ask him, I can ask you, if that would be easier for you? Then you can ask him. "What studies is he referring to that show (referring to your original post regarding what your teacher said chiropractic could do) spinal alignments have direct correlations to health problems. I have never heard of any, let alone seen them. Iwould be most interested in seeing them. If you would like you can get his e-mail and post it here, and I will contact him or you can give him this web and he can contact me himself. Thanks "What studies is he referring to that show spinal alignments have direct correlations to health problems?
You could probably find a study on the web somewhere.
Broker,  Have you ever thought that there are things you could be told that are not true? That if they were not true and you believed they were, this could some day cause great suffering to you?  This is one human frailty that con men count on. People being niave. Either you do not care if what he said was true or he did not say that and you cannot produce a teacher who said that because there was no teacher who said that?  All I know is what you said. If what you said is what you were told and it really did happen, your post would be alot more credible. Right now it sounds more like you should have said nothing.  There is nothing on the internet that says what you say I can get from the internet. I will tell you why there isn't. If there was truth to these so called studies that provided scientific proof that spinal alignments have direct correlation to many health problems, the Chirpractors would be shouting it from the roof tops. If chiropractic was based on sound science, it would not be at odds with the scientific community. If it was true that the earth was flat as it was believed at one time, then those who believe it is round believe a lie? Which one is true and how do we know?
I don't produce anyone for anything on the Internet.
TKO!
greenleif check your pm box re this topic
please tell me again why, you went to chiropractic school for 4 years, graduated, became a chiropractor, most likely failed in practice, then come on this forum and not even explain chiropractic right. no wonder you failed in practice you didnt learn anything in school.
Chiropractors work by manipulating the spine...much like lawyers do. -Dad  Anyway, I have gone to a chiropractor many times, and it does work. The spine is like any other stack, sometimes the pieces can get out of line. Chiropractors can many times help to align the pieces, and provide some measure of relief from the pain associated with this condition. I never believed in chiropractors at all, until my jaw became dislocated while I was sleeping. Imagine waking up to intense pain, only being able to open your mouth about 1/3 of the normal distance, and when it does open, it opens diagonally. I went to my family physician, who gave me skeletal muscle relaxants, saying it was only a severe muscle spasm. After 1 day of being drugged out of my mind on Robaxin and Flexeril, I called him back. He recommended I see my dentist! My dentist told me to see my doctor when I called his office! Getting no place fast, I had my wife take me to the ER. After several sets of x-rays, it was determined that my jaw was dislocated. The ER physician that I saw doped me up, stood behind me, and put my head into a sleeper hold, popping my jaw back into place. I actually got a litle relief, but not a whole lot. 5 hours later, I awoke to the same pain, same symptoms as before. I got to thinking about something: What could make my jaw dislocate while I was asleep? I thought about this, and figured that something must have pulled it out of place (they don't just pop out for no reason). I went back to the ER, and after more x-rays, drugs, and sleeper holds, my jaw was back in place again. This time it lasted about until I was home. Dislocated again. I got to thinking about what the muscles attach to, starngely enough, one attachment is my jaw, the other is my spine. Hmmmm. I just decided that at this point I had nothing left to lose, so I called a local chiropractor. I went in, he felt around, said c2 and c3 were out of alignment, snapped my spine around, and popped my jaw back in place. I felt almost instant relief of most of my pain, and by the next day, I was 100% back to normal.   I don't say this to endorse chiropractors, or say that they are a cure all. I think some chiropractors do play on the fact that humans are in general suckers, and will try anything once they are desperate enough. As a medical professional, I know chiropractors cannot cure asthma, kidney stones, cancer, or heart disease like some of them claim they can. There is just no possible connection that can be made. But I do know that the spine can come out of alignment, and this can cause pain, numbness, and even nerve damage. Chiropractors can and do help cases like this. Take it for what you will, but anyone who just totally writes it off, does not understand much about anatomy and kinesiology.
please tell me again why, you went to chiropractic school for 4 years, graduated, became a chiropractor, most likely failed in practice, then come on this forum and not even explain chiropractic right. no wonder you failed in practice you didnt learn anything in school.   Before I answer your questions, please provide definition of chiropractic or provide what you believe is "right explanation of chiropractic." Otherwise please do not waste my time or others who come here. Your assumption are why you should not use them.
Idont know who you guys are listening to. I would never go to a Chiropractor for anything other than a back ailment.  I went to one because i played hockey for too long. I was in pain, now i am not. So my assertion is that ti works, better than the whack out drugs they give you at the doctors office.   If your going to a chiropractor to heal a kidney alment, or cancer, your pretty much a fool, no matter what they are telling you.  Also, by virtue of having back pain, then releiving that pain. It does make alot of other things work better. Kind of a Chakra thing, the pain only bottles up your inner energy
What did the chiropractor say was the reason for your pain. What did his examination uncover that showed him you needed his service? In short, what did he say was the cause of your pain?
eh, you talkin to me?  i just went because my back hurt, and all the doctor wanted to give me were pills people were offering me major coin for.  I couldnt take them because i like to keep a healthy diet that didnt work with the pills, i worked in construction, and the pill sdidnt fix anything anyway.  Si i went, the doctor took one look at my mangled bakc and said 'Oh My' you should have some here sooner, he was right.  I went there 5 times, then after 3 times, i started going to a massage place, i went their for a few months after the chiropractor and i havent had a problem since.  I can say, though, that although i wasnt suffering from other ailments, my general physce and health were tremendously improved by the good doctors methods.  If all people can say is that there is no proof it cures cancer. Thats hardly a knock, seeing as how it doesnt
I personally am glad you feel better. But in the world of ACCOUNTABILITY, if the cost of the service at the chiropractors was big bucks, and you hadn't been helped like so many are not, then the poor chiropractor would be unable to defend himself, for he has no defense and cannot verify that what he did was needed. But because no one is losing big bucks and thus it does not warrent the cost of an attorney, people like yourself who find it helpful have to wait till the next time or the time after that when it no longer helps and you will then need to go to a medical doctor, because he will be the only one who will be able to help. You see, you still do not know what was wrong with you? You do not know or do not seem to care why you were in pain. So its your body and your choice.
yeah i know  it was my vertabrae beinng disaligned from the pummeling i took. then the mscles titened up.  i found out far more than going to the medical doctor who just happy to take his cut of the BS medication he gave me that does nothing but get me hooked on meds.  I imagine if i went out a played hard like i used to i would be right back in the good docs office, as long as i take care of it i am fine.  nownmy bones are in place and my muscles are loosened up, i go for massage once a month as a prevent.
SodGom,  You have done nothing wrong. You have been used. The chiropractor you go to may also be a victum. A victum of what? Of believing a lie. He too may not realize the significance of telling people something he expects them to believe is true? He himself may not even know he cannot provide the evidence that needs to exist if it is true.  The long and short of the issue is this. They cannot provide the proof that supports their claim that spinal bones, when they misalign cause what they say it causes and when they are presented with the opportunity to do so, rather than admit this to be true, they maintain it is true. Now those who do this are engaged in what I describe as "lying."  There are many chiropractors over the years who have seen the error of the "subluxation" and have openly admitted it is a scam not to mention scientists who understand what is required before they can claim to know the cause of an illness or injury. here a a couple of resources you can get. A. Inside Chiropractic by Samuel Homola B. Chiropractic the Greatest Hoax of the Century. by L.A. Chitkowski, M.D.
Me walking into the chiropractor in a good deal of pain, and then walking out feeling almost 100% better is a scam?  My chiroprator knows illness can (and usually does) comes from germs and viruses. How he treats it is just different. Instead of pumping yourself full of drugs, he stimulates your own immune system.
You aught to take this info to your chiropractor and let the two of us debate. By the way, drugs are good when used correctly. In the meantime, here is where the ERROR arises. While I am sure I too would be very aggitated with someone who told me that something that helped me was a scam. But anytime anyone puts themselves out as having a solution for any problem and say they know why the problem exists and know how to eliminate it, and they cannot provide proof that there solution, when used, eliminated the problem, there is something wrong. In your case, your chiropractor had to (within the scope of his practice or that which his license provides) find something wrong or find "a reason" (chiropractic reason) you had the pain and upon finding that, (which he must have found to have gone ahead and treated you,) he provided for you "a solution" for your pain. The fact that you feel better is your proof. But if you were to have your spine re-examined, the problem he said you had, that he said was causing your pain, would still be there? HOW COULD THAT BE THE REASON FOR YOUR PAIN IF IT IS STILL THERE? This is where the scam plays out. What he said was wrong and the reason for your pain. It is not a scam when they admit the things they do are not PROVEN EFFECTIVE, that while they do help at times, there are times when they do not. Then it is still questionable, because while it has helped you there are many it has not helped who were told the same thibg you were told. Keep in mind the way a doctor of any kind practices has to be according to the law, so there are legal ways for them to practice as well as there are illegal ways. So again, this is something trained individuals in this area need to address.  As for the public, they have been advised by the scientific community that chiropractic is based on an unscientific claim.
Whoever said that a private account would earn more? The entire point of social security is to guarantee a certain level of earnings. The stock market can't do that.  A bunch of the thing you say don't get taxed, do.  stay at home moms- the spouse accounts fro the money, he earns it all and spends it all.  trust funds - these pay taxes on anything over $10K inheritence - gets taxed as well gifts over $1000 are taxed as well.  the problem is that they are often dodged and there is little we can do about it.
How much foreign aid (actual aid, not bombs) to you think the US gives as a % of GDP? I can tell you without looking that it would have next to no impact on SS. Even the savings from Iraq would not be sufficient.
Accrding to this article the war in Iraq costs $ 5.8 billion per month, so that's $ 193 million per day. I would think that would cover a large part of the SS costs.
The first thing to understand about SS is that for practical government purposes its now just another revenue stream, not a trust. SS flows into government general purpose bank accounts (the treasury) all over the US from employers, which the government uses to pay bills. The government accounts for SS by issuing treasury certificates (investment for SS, debt for the public) for all SS revenue. When SS administration, part of the government, not SS itself, cuts a social security check to a beneficiary recipient, it redeems treasury debt, the SS 'investment', in a like amount at the same time. All SS revenues taken in during a fiscal year less benefits paid out are deemed 'surplus', already spent for general operating expenses. That 'surplus' amount resides in treasury securities, debt, which would have to be redeemed to make beneficiary payments, by selling additional treasury issues for cash and incurring debt or printing more money. Current 'surplus' is about $150-billion a year, so add that to any public deficit for a better number. SS is raided to avoid increasing what the dumb as a brick public perceives as deficit spending.   When politicians speak of SS running out of money, they're referring to a point where current benefit requirements exceed current collections. There's no consideration of redeeming the billions and billions in treasury certificates  the government 'borrowed', an impossibility when all borrowing capacity(treasury certificates for foreign exchange) is concentrated on servicing existing debt from deficit spending and cash flow requirements for military expansion.   Calling it government mismanagement is being very polite. Needless to say, any common citizen would be serving long terms in the slammer for such actions.
Accrding to this article the war in Iraq costs $ 5.8 billion per month, so that's $ 193 million per day. I would think that would cover a large part of the SS costs.  The government has the public fooled into thinking that money is being spent to help protect them from 'terrorist' activities such as 9/11, and promoting fear is far more important to here and now politicians needing GDP drivers than paying future SS benefits. There are posters on this board that, in spite of the administration publicly stating there was no connection, firmly believe Saddam was a threat to the US.
Thanks for the very accurate description. The US president said as much "stream" during his last speech. It's a shame that SS, which would have been solvent if it had remained a trust as designed and started, has been stolen from by our own government. From disbursements (called loans) in the 50's and 60's which were either never repaid or repaid without interest by the congress, to the current situation, it's shameful.  I fimrly agree that if the average US citizen ran their finances like the government, they would be in jail.  We ripped ourselves off in our greed to live like 'the good old days' when we can't afford it. Politicians just facilitated that erroneous sense of well-being to buy election votes.
Up the revolution!  You young people had better get started or there won't be much left you'll want.
Thanks Gamehuis. That's around 3.5 Billion for 6 months, if we only take 1/2 of the cost. I'd think that would be plenty to bail out these programs -- IF the government would leave the money where it's supposed to be, which I doubt they would.  Goes back to my point: it's mismanagement that has brought the US Government to this point.  Social security budget for 6 months is of the order of 0.25 trillion USD. Have I misunderstood what you're wanting to fund?
The cost of the war in Iraq is about $ 35 billion for 6 months. Now add to that the cost to rearm the army (think of those cruise missiles at $ 1 million per missile). Let's say rearming costs $ 5 billion (being really conservative here). So now you have $ 40 billion. Next would be reversing Bush' tax cuts for the rich which are projected to cost the government $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years, which would add another $ 75 billion for 6 months. So now we've got $ 115 billion, almost half of what is needed.  Saving SS can be done (at least in the short term).
The cost of the war in Iraq is about $ 35 billion for 6 months. Now add to that the cost to rearm the army (think of those cruise missiles at $ 1 million per missile). Let's say rearming costs $ 5 billion (being really conservative here). So now you have $ 40 billion. Next would be reversing Bush' tax cuts for the rich which are projected to cost the government $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years, which would add another $ 75 billion for 6 months. So now we've got $ 115 billion, almost half of what is needed.  Saving SS can be done (at least in the short term).  Of course it can. With actuary, contribution, benefit and government theft changes it could be saved in the long-term. But that's not politically desirable as it would involve admitting it's being raided, higher publicized deficits and politicians need personal SS contributions to drive equity markets when baby boomers begin cashing out.   Logical reasoning about Iraq and failed tax cuts will get you labeled as a liberal, or as some of the more grammatically challenged posters prefer, lefty.
I'm going to make an exception to my "no post" position. I'm not going to respond to any snide remarks, so don't waste your time. He's baaaaaaaaack! According to your statement, I get a free shot here. I am not at all surprised, when you made your last post declaration I gave you a week. I can't say I missed you (that's only one opinion), but the free exchange of opinions (no matter how warped they might be) makes for an interesting forum. I have no doubt there will be numerous "exceptions", old Mules never die, nor do they fade away. Dono
Well there illnesses and what they told me about Canadian health care is good enough for me........................  Don't you find it odd that no one that lives in Canada is denying anything i said? I don't find it odd at all. It is likely that many in Canada treat your posts with the same disdain as many in the lower 48 do, and choose not to bother.  Dono
More importantly, who the hell would want to invade Canada? Are there any countries with a major shortage of ice hockey stadia? :pDoes Canada have large untapped oil reserves? I could imagine (a highly unlikely) situation of the USA invading to get at those reserves if it does. The only other reason would be if there was a world shortage of maple syrup I guess.
 Consider the overall ability for any country in the world to invade Canada. As of right now, only one country shares a boarder with Canada, all other would need a massive airlift and reasonable sized army to invade Canada ( being 2nd largest country in the world). No other country has such a capability  And, as the Germans discovered in Russia during WW2, then comes the real enemy, winter. I once lived near the US/Canadian border at the Northern tip of Idaho's Panhandle. 40-degrees blow zero Fahrenheit not uncommon with 4' of snow on the ground. Balmy compared to what lies North of that point. Be an interesting test for a volunteer military.
It is a simple problem to solve. You just allow anyone who wants to buy into health insurance. Make the system like car insurance. Wouldn't it be silly if only employers offered car insurance?  one major diffrance, car insurance pays out one in a while to a person, and then (most often) will raise there rates, helth care people (should) receve a lot more often. think of the cost (assuming they use the same model) just going for prentivave care will rase your rates for the next 3-7 years.  also it costs less to run a auto repair shop than a helth care ficilty,and you dont here about multi-million law sutes for a mis-diagnosis of a car repair.
It still boils down to nothing but a complicated business plan identifying currently scattered sources of revenue and existing overheads. this is true of any and all serveses.  In Oregon and many other states no hospital or clinic receiving any type of government funding can refuse medical care. this is federal law. to receve medicare / medicade payments from the goverment.   Reductions in private sector and state/muni government employee health care plan costs alone would probably fund the remainder of state requirements. you are ignoring the issue of liabilty, IMO, the single largest reason that the costs keep geting more and more. the docters are paying for insurance in case they are sued, for making a mestake, or just when the famley dosent like the out come, the hospital also pays for the same. the drug compinies pay for when some one gets the wrong medicen, the place that makes the bedpans also pay for insurance aganst being sied for what ever people can think of. there are a few big f#^k uos, and a lot more baceless lawsutes, and all the cost of all that is passed on to the patients.  i know for a fact a 12V 1.2 Ah battery for a life pak 8 is $70 from a 3 party (a couple of hundrid from the OEM), we are talking about 10 cells wired toghther in two sticks of 5. you can get the cells for less than $1.50.
This endeavor is to fold multiple private policies into a public policy for coverage expansion and reduced costs.  let me make sure i have your idea here, you would want the goverment to insure everyone. (somethnig like expanding medicare to all)
Oregon may become the first US state with universal health care, available to all Oregon residents.   http://www.oregonlive.com/newsflash/regional/index.ssf?/base/news-17/116215436081180.xml&storylist=orlocal  While still in preliminary planning stages, the anticipated mix of state, federal, employer and individual funding could very well become a model for other states.  How are they going to pay for this? Oregon hardly has the money to properly fund its school systems much less pay for a universal healthcare system.
Thanks for that!!!!!!
And you believed every word they fed you without a second thought. At least now we know whose line you're peddling. Please, cite your sources to start with in the future. It's not just a good idea, it's the rules. emoticon_xagree  Then be consistent on this demand. I've seen plenty of threads where you don't call for sources.
What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.  see - a dog REALLY is man's best friend   Takes better grades to work on your dog than it takes to work on your mother!  What does THAT SAY about society? emoticon_confused
veterinary science requires broadly similar grades, but longer training. This makes sense because you need to be able to perform pretty much all the same procedures as a doctor, but be able to do them on everything from a coy carp to an elephant.  yeah - but with all that care: [*]They are legally unwanted and killed in animal shelters[*]things like dogs cats horses in parts of the worlds are used for food - not just killed and toss out.
Cannibalism is good? emoticon_xgood
Cannibalism is good? emoticon_xgood  hmm emoticon_xlove cheap meat ...
A veterinarian is qualified to treat all animals, but a doctor is limited to only treating one species.
Still apologizing for Hillary, huh?  She is a basically dishonest person. When will you see the light? How can you earnestly support a basically dishonest person for President?  Additionally, a government run program for healthcare will fail just about as miserably as any other government run program can fail...take education for example...overpriced, overrated, underproducing...basically FAILING. We are graduating numbnuts nowadays in the guise of fairness. We are dumbing down the nation in the name of fairness. We are falling behind other nations in the name of fairness.  I am quite sure that with Hillary's plan for healthcare we will be reducing the quality and availability of good healthcare for the sake of fairness.   Antonia, you need to realize that Hillary is not the answer to our problems. She is nothing more than a political figure that will tell lie after lie after lie just to get in office and maintain control over the common folk. That's all she wants. Her theatrical appeals to mercy are not designed to help the real victims. They are designed to garner votes...for Hillary.  Barrack's healthcare plan is no better than hers. Both of them will fail. Though it does appear that, in this case, she was not lying.
Do you support legalized Gay Marriage?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/gay_marriage.HTM
99% of all biblical contradictions are Old testament vs. New. Find me a contradition in the words or actions of Jesus Christ and I'll go pagan.  Jesus Christ said 2 commandments over-ruled all the rest, old and new. Love God, and love each other.
99% of all biblical contradictions are Old testament vs. New. Find me a contradition in the words or actions of Jesus Christ and I'll go pagan.   SkepticsAnnotatedBible   Have fun.
Yeah I've read most of these before, most can be dismissed in a few words. Pull a specific.
Since your post was more about the doctrine than less important details, I won't use the contradictions of that type.  JN 3:17, 8:15, 12:47 Jesus does not judge. VS JN 5:22, 5:27-30, 9:39, AC 10:42, 2CO 5:10 Jesus does judge.  MK 3:29 Blasphemy of the Holy Spirit is an unforgivable sin. VS AC 13:39, CN 2:13, 1JN 1:9 All sins are forgivable.  MT 27:46 Jesus asks God, the Father, why he has been forsaken. VS JN 10:30 Jesus says that he and the Father are one.
1. John 3:17 states that Jesus's purpose is not to condemn the world but to save it. Key differences between condemn and save, condemn is one part of judgement, the negative side. So saying that Jesus is not here to condemn is completely different than saying he is not here to judge. This follows through in every verse, one says condemn one says judge.  2. I don't rightly know with this one. Good point and I will get back to you later.  3. When God said that a couple getting married became "one flesh" did he actually mean that they were to become the same person. When God commands me to to become "one with Him", did he actually mean for me to become God, or worse, Him become human. The idea of a "oneness" is prevalant throughout the Bible and in no instances does it mean that two seperate objects become one object, it means that they become one in person and spirit. If Jesus and God were the same thing than Christianity is useless in the fact that Jesus WAS human. And if he was anything less or more than Christianity is a lie. If you;ll notice in the preceding lines in John 10:30 verse Jesus speaks on all Christians becoming "one" in Him. Does he mean that they all become the same person or entity? Of course not, just as "I and the father are one" does not mean that they are the same.   More on #2 later.
3:17 does, yes. The others say judge in both KJV and NIV.  3. When God <snip<    My point was that if Jesus had divinity, he wouldn't need to ask his father why he had forsaken him.
My point is that he was human...he was scared and alone. If he was anything less than it would have all been useless. Maybe you need to define what you mean by "had divinity".
No humans have supernatural powers. Maybe you could explain how divine you believe Jesus was (as different Christians hold different levels).
Not any really...there's something about every branch that disgusts me.  Oh and I am genuinely sorry about my semi-explosion in the religion thread, I thought you were someone else who, just to be a XXXXX, always came into religion debates and said the same thing over and over. No hard feelings?
In my humble opinion, Christianity is very hard.  "Deny yourself, take up your cross and follow me." That's pretty dern hard by my book...but that's just me.
Honestly. Jesus Christ existed: you admit that much. Why will you not believe in Him?!    Because there is no reason to do so.  Why is He so famous, and everyone knows about Him, if He was of no consequence?   I also know of Mohammed and Siddhartha. What's your point?  It must fail, or so he thought. He read the whole New Testament through, testing it the whole time, to the best of his human ability. When he had finished, he knew that the Bible was the infallible Word of God.    lol, what nonsense
Why would anyone want to base their morals on the Old Testament? Rape and murder, please!
earth's design? lol
the earth doesn't have a Creator
Since always. Says reality. There is no evidence to the contrary.
This really isn't the right forum for this discussion.   I hope you didn't just compare the existance of dinosaurs with the existance of gods. They're not even close.  Both could work, excepting species evolution.    What?  Or, why can't it be a mix of both beliefs.   Because one isn't a belief.  We just don't have enough information to go either way.   Yes, we do.
We can rule them out with Occam's razor.
The internet?
"God" is infinitely complex, and as such, is not a good explanation for phenomenon
Idiotic? It's common sense.
It's the idea that the simplest explanations are usually correct. If you heard a sound coming from your basement... "that's just a pipe making noise" VS "omg there's a leprechaun in the basement!"
It's simplest explanation, not simplest solution.  Crim, whose "idea" is not a belief?   Science is not a belief.
In what way?
Originally posted by LovetheSouth   Atheism is a religion.    Atheism means without a god/gods, meaning without religion.
Atheism doesn't mean without religion, it means without belief in god(s). An atheist may still hold any non-theistic beliefs.
I am pretty sure that when people are married, they have to get a legal document saying that they are married. This is given by the government. Marriage in a church is not required, but the legal document is. You can skip the church and go straight to the place to get the papers.
Yeah... you all should take this to religion.
They're arguing about definitions, not religion in gay marriage.
Please...they're just on a definition debate.
bumping this up.
[QUOTE=Elijah]Do you support legalized Gay Marriage?   No. Should the USA grant Gay Marriage, then God's hand would strike and divide the land in two, until the Gulf of Mexico extended to the Great Lakes.   Elijah  Heh. And which would be the gay side? The one with San Fancisco, or the one with Massachusetts?
So you support the idea of the government forcing or endorsing families that "raise their children the right way?" And who gets to define that right way?  I know I am raising my away as far away from the "right" way as possible.  Get it?  wuka wuka wuka
this is becoming very old. emoticon_rolleyes
 Instead, lets ammend all current federal law to remove any reference to the words "marriage", "marry" or any derivation thereof and replace it with "civil union" or a derivation thereof.   The result? Every individual has equal freedom of religion and every individual has equal civil rights. There is no fundamental change to the constitution, merely a clarification of terms. It is a "win-win" situation with no one losing anything!!!!!  Would redefining the institution of Marriage be a "civil right"?  I'm not sure that I see Hetrosexual Marriage as a "civil right".  The Government never created Marriage, just affirms the legal contract between one man and one woman, and only those that fit the standards of age, blood relation, health, etc.  What if "civil unions" expand, but couples want to call that a Marriage?
The APA has failed at times to even take a definitive stance against pedophilia. Their credibility is hardly intact.  I would like to take a brief second to point something out, even though this discussion seems to have died on the table.  The APA (American Psychiatric Association) does not take a stance on good vs. bad, nor will it take a stance for or against something. The APA looks at the symptomology, diagnosis, and treatment of psychiatric disorders. They use something called the DSM-IV (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual) to classify disorders. Search for it on the web, you can get a good idea of the number of different disorders there are which relate to pedophilia. But again, it is not their job nor is it their desire to choose sides over these issues, only to identify disorders, and treat them accordingly. I would think the fact that pedophilia is classified as a disorder in the DSM-IV would be enough to pacify you, but apprently not...or you were just ignorant of the facts.
Lets face it anything can be debated cos there's always more then one point of view and i'd hate it if that wasn't true cos life would be boring we'd all be have the same personality and it would work. if a perfect world like that exsisted i'd kill myself cos perfect gets boring after awhile.
Girl Esq., quit being so logical.  It's going to be interesting watching you get lambasted. :)   Interesting. How, Hank? That she made a good argument? That she easily proves the rest of you to be rather ...ahem...hankish?
You're a bit late there, aren't you? Marriage has become a state institution as much as a religious one, and I see no practical way to undo that at this point.  Actually, one can argue that it was a pagan institution long before it was a religious one.
Actually, one can argue that it was a pagan institution long before it was a religious one.  I'd say that one can do more than argue that point. Marriage is like many other aspects of culture that Christianity absorbed and re-invented under its own guise.
This is pretty random - but I'd be willing to be the judge. I've had a reasonable amount of experience with debates and I feel I could be a judge objectively. Up to you. ;)
If you don't mind, could you just outline your paradigm please? Sure. This is the "norm" that we have. But really, these rules are open to change by either of you. You should decide how you want to be "judged".   Since this is a formal debate - one should stay clear of all the classical logical fallacies. They actually contain the majority of rules and guidelines for a successful argument. A decent list of them is compiled here: http://www.infidels.org/news/atheism/logic.html  Using proper English and capitalization is just another novelty of formal debate. Although I personally think that it strengthens one's argument - I'm quite sure that the content speaks for itself.   Insults and personal attacks should have no place in debate. It is always possible to separate one from their argument. Attack the argument and not the person. Again - that is just one of the logical fallacies.  As for advice and other guidelines of a strong argument, I strongly suggest this website: http://www.kings.edu/debate/Judges/NDT2000/S/Sternhagen.html  It gives general tips and the like for debates.  Also, regarding length. Length of posts is often required and over-simplifying can be a great error. The other extreme - over-complicating will not add much to debate.   Once the debate is over (you decide how many posts each) then I could, if you want, outline a winner and provide my reasons for thinking so. and also, when you say you have experience, do you mean in "real" debating (HS and College) or just on this and other sites? We often have debates in our Sixth Form (College), but I have also attended several "debate camps" - each a weekend long. I also attended a day at oxford which was made up of a few formal debates and just a bit of teaching on Philosophy and Classics. Apart from that - I have been on debate forums for quite some time, and I've gained experience from there too.
How many posts do we each make? And I'm ready to start whenever. If you ask me, I would recommend something like 5-10 posts - probably 7. I'd also recommend that the person who posts firstly should be allowed to make the last post. Since the person beginning is, I should think, at a disadvantage - the burden of proof lays on them.  Anyways, what do you both say?
dsadevil,  You still willing to partake in the debate? If so - let it begin!
JakeCJB - This is strictly a debate between dsadevil and ROCC. Pretty much, there should only be posts from those two members or perhaps the facilitator (me) if he needs to pronounce anything. Please do not make any more posts in this thread, and that goes for the others out there.  dsadevil and ROCC- I am going away with some friends for a week tomorrow. Since the debate will probably be finished by the time I get back, I'll try to respond as soon as I can. Sorry for the inconvenience guys.
I would like to begin by congratulating both interlocutors for their quality of debate and their consecutive respect for one another. I'll make a few points on what I thought of each argument.   Dsadevil; affirming that Homosexuals should be aloud to marry.  The structure of the argument was adequately done. Points were made palpable and to the point with no irrelevant information. The three beginning contentions were a grand beginning and hard ones to oppose. Quality didn't decrease throughout, but was rather, consecutive. Points were stated and then efficiently exemplified. Showed a good knowledge of the issue, background information and Politics.   Overall, a well laid out argument with clear direction and clarity.   ROCC; against Homosexual marriage.  No doubt some relevant and challenging points raised. Although attacking the original post, other arguments and reasons for your position were raised with examples. Also did a good job in highlighting and better clarifying earlier points at times.   If I am to pronounce a winner, I shall have to say Dsadevil, and here are a few reasons why:  As I have already mentioned, over-complicating in any debate or theorem is a great error. A good principle to abide by is Ockham's razor. However, over-simplifying might be thought to be of just as great an error. I do not feel that ROCC provided enough information to fully strengthen his argument, explain points fully, and hence - not provide an as good rebuttal.   Dsadevil did well to highlight a logical fallacy, and did a good job of explaining it too. If you are accused of a logical fallacy in your argument, it is a serious blow. Since the point is fallacious, it should either be backed up with a logical basis, or it should be withdrawn.   Both sides did, pretty much, an efficient job of including sources. Apart from ROCC's first post, sources were generally cited. ROCC did, later, provide a source, but a source or link should always be included when the statement is made. If not at the same part, then, at the end of the post.   I'm open to questions and thoughts, but it's not likely that I will change my mind. Thanks for a grand debate guys. :)
Don't forget about all the polygamous and polyandrous animals.
Why are you so convinced that 2000 years of tradition are 'ignorant', while whosever ideas are the most 'progressive' is automatically considered intelligent and courageous?  Who are you to dismiss the thoughts and beleifs of thousands of people over thousands of years? Why are you so intolerant towards beleifs held by millions to billions of people?
It has to do with the specious claim that homosexuality is somehow "unnatural." The only appropriate response is to demonstrate that homosexuality is indeed a part of Nature.  I don't agree that it is a 'specious claim'. I agree with those who have said that nature shouldn't factor in our decisions. An example which I think is relevant is polygamy - which is what the majority of mammals do. Of course, I don't know what I'll say once polygamy is legalized. (hopefully not!)
 Do you know what "specious" means? It seems that you are contradicting yourself.   You're partly right: I didn't know what specious meant at the time, but I knew enough from madg's post that a specious argument is not correct.   I did contradict myself - I said that I didn't agree that saying homosexuality is 'unnatural' is specious, meaning natural in the sense of normal or right, and then I said that aguing about the naturalness of homosexuality is irrelavant, meaning natural in the sense that animals do it. I didn't make a distinction in my thoughts or my statement.
I had a couple of lesbian angelfish once. They laid eggs together and were very diligent about taking care of them although, of course, they were infertile. (Guess they should have found a sperm donor.) :p   I also have a male cockatiel who keeps trying to "do it" with my other male cockatiel, although a female cockatiel is present. Should I be worried? Is he going to HELL?
2000 years of tradition mean nothing. We could have a 2000 year old tradition of wiping our asses bare-handed before every meal, and that most certainly does not make it right (or socially acceptable, for that matter).   I wonder if a society which followed such a tradition would last for 2000 years. (actually, if we're talking Judeo-Christian tradition it would be more like 5000 years)   The people who wrote the Bible were superstitious, ignorant people who were just beginning to discover science. I don't know about anyone else, but the reason that I am so... skeptic of "millions to billions" or people's beliefs is because those beliefs are centered around an extremely old book written by your average uneducated, superstitious, bigoted, biased, ignorant man-of-two-thousand-years-ago. But other than that, I'm fine with religion! And I am not intolerant towards their beliefs, rather, as I have said before, I am a skeptic. From what I have seen, it is mostly the RELIGIOUS people who are intolerant of me because I am an atheist.  I do find it interesting that, for example, in parts of Afghanistan and surrounding countries which are Muslim they will respect you if you're Christian (unless you try to convert anyone) but look at you like a dog if you are atheist. Obviously, they find it to be self evident that there is a God. Indeed, it seems that most people do. I have heard that according to one estimate 95% of the world beleived in a God (or Gods?) in 1991.  Its easy to think of old civilizations as stupid, that does seem to be a popular idea these days. I suppose it depends on how closely you base your worldview on progressive evolution. What always suprises me when I read older books or think about age-old discoveries is how often my assumption that these people are amusingly ignorant is smashed to bits. There's the famous example of the Greek guy who had to figure out if a crown was pure gold or had been cheated on with a lead center. I still can't figure out how that one works! We know so much about things like gravity and relativity, but thats because of the work of people who came before us. It is true that the last few centuries have seen a stunning flowering of knowlege, but I don't think that means we are any more wise or moral. One person described us as "well educated barbarians", refering to a lack of morals despite the wealth of knowledge. And hasn't this century been the bloodiest of all? Estimates of the deaths (murders in particular) inflicted by communist nations on their own people run around 60 to 100 million.   Also, looking closer at the progressive evolutionary perspective, it has been a very short time since the beginning of written history, just several thousand years. That is much less than the blink of an eye in evolutionary history, and it seems unlikely that remarkable progress could have been made which would invalidate old traditions on the basis that they were authoured by less evolved people.  One thing I enjoy about being a Christian is that I don't have to have an arrogant position towards traditions and ancient peoples. C.S. Lewis noted that when he was an atheist he had to convince himself that the vast majority of people were wrong, but when he became a Christian he could be more open-minded and see that other religions all had an element of truth. If I see a tradition that many people have held for a long time, I think people aren't stupid and there's probably something to be said for it. I think that a long-held tradition should automatically be given more weight than a very new one. It just doesn't make sense to me that old ideas are instantly suspect. Why have these beleifs survived if they are so ridiculous? I do recognize that there are horrible traditions out there, I just don't have to reject them out of hand.  When you say that those who wrote the bible were ignorant, bigoted, and such, do you mean the whole thing, cover to cover? I suppose that you wouldn't agree with people who claim that western civilization and science as we know it were founded by the Judeo-Christian worldview.
 Haha! Ok fine, you have a point there. emoticon_xgood  Thanks! (Come to think of it, I seem to remember a Hebrew law that actually required regular hand washing.)   I find that interesting that you regard being Christian as becoming more open minded. It would seem to me that most of the Christians I know are very, very closed minded, and they only see themselves as the ones who are right. I find it refreshing, actually, to find a Christian who is as open minded as you appear to be. Well, I'm very glad that you do not have an arrogant position towards traditions and ancient peoples. If only I could say the same for most of the rest of the Christians I know...   Well, I do think we are right. I don't know how open-minded I am... but thanks for the compliment. :) What really I wanted to do was highlight how close-minded many non-religious people seem nowadays to tradition. For some it is so reflexive that you could easily call it a dogma.    I do not mean that the whole Bible is filled with ignorant, bigoted ravings. The Bible posesses excellent morals and stories and examples for living a good life, but what I am saying is that the parts about who is right and wrong and who gets to go to heaven and who gets to go to hell is influenced by their fears and misgivings about others. They feared differences in people, and as such, they excluded the outcasts or made for punishing the outcasts and misfits. Sorry if I was a little unclear there. I do not believe that the whole of the Bible is trash; it has very good morals things to live by.  Thanks  I'm glad to hear this, since it had seemed to me you had a very hard-to-believe position on the Bible. Its great to meet an atheist who isn't "biblephobic"!   I find it very interesting that you find Biblical morals to be good. Is it because they appeal to you, or do you believe that they are sensible ways to deal with human relationships? What I'm really asking is, what do you base your judgement of "good" on? Do you beleive there is an ultimate right and wrong to which many Biblical morals are very close?
My judgement of good... I suppose it would basically run along the lines of someone who tells the truth, doesn't murder, is a nice person, all that. I have not read the Bible much; but from what I do know, it would seem that it has a good message, one of love and peace. Now again, I must say that I have not read the Bible extensively, so I am merely going on what I know here. The Bible has a good moral code, one that is a good guide for human relationships and one tha teaches people to be good people. And sorry, but I don't quite understand your last question there. What do you mean by the morals are very close to the ultimate of right and wrong? Maybe I'm just reading it wrong, but either way... emoticon_xgood    What I mean is, what makes things like truthfulness good - as opposed to lying being good? How do you decide whether one thing is good or not?  One view is that there is an ultimate standard of right and wrong (which would be a standard created by God - actions which God approves of are Good), and you can decide what is right by comparing it to what that standard says. If that standard says that truthfulness is good, then that's why truth is a good value. C.S. Lewis noted that, as an atheist, his arguement against an all-loving, all-powerful God was that evil existed. Then he realized that, for him to beleive that some things were evil, and others good, he must be measuring them against an absolute standard - you can't tell whether a line is crooked unless you have a straight line to compare it to.   Otherwise, morality is nothing more than subjective personal taste and if a culture or person believes something is right, then it is right for them. Lewis couldn't accept such a theory because that would mean that the Nazi's did nothing truly wrong - its just our opinion that their actions were immoral.  It seems that a third way of measuring morality, proposed by Secular Humanists, is by what gives the most people the best lives. An example would be arguements I've seen at the Abortion section to the effect of: abortion is good because it prevents unhappy lives of children who are unwanted, or who would live in poverty. However, how do you judge what is a "good" life? And how do you judge what will bring the most people this "good" life? Unless you appeal to a universal moral standard (which defeats the purpose) you end up with a subjective measurement, no different from the one which Lewis rejected. How do you know that a poor person will live an "unhappy" life and how do you know whether, in the end, it is actually good to live a "happy" life? And if poor people are living lives unworthy of being lived why don't we simply kill them - especially if it is expedient to the rest of us? In fact, that's just what the Nazi's did - killing off retards, the elderly, the gypsies, and the Jews - simply in the quest to improve the lives of everyone else. And I'm convinced that we are doing the same to the unborn babies of our nations.   According to the subjective morality, if I think its good to murder someone, it is right for me. You might say that it isn't because it "hurts" someone else. Who says that its "bad" to hurt other people, I might ask? And who is my victim to force their belief that I shouldn't kill them down my throat? (and if the victim agrees that I should kill them, there can really be no opposing it at all - unless you believe it is wrong to murder regardless of what the murderer and victim think about it)  I'm kind of going off topic. emoticon_emb I guess my question is, how do you measure whether lying is good or bad? Do you think that there is a Creator (whether the Christian God or not) who believes that lying is wrong? Or do you think that lying is bad because you think it is - and if someone else thinks it is good, then it is for them? Or do you beleive that lying is bad simply because it is bad for human relations - its bad because people don't get along without honesty? In that case, I would ask why do you think its good for humans to get along.   Why is it good for people to be good? (and how do you know that they are good?)  Well, I must apologize for such a long answer. I hope that I've made my question a little more clear with my ramblings. Thanks for reading this! emoticon_xhoho
 And why does every single thread turn into a religious discussion?  :) Good question.
This thread is absolutely ridiculous. Maybe I'm not understanding it :: gay brothers or sisters having sex with each other? I'm sure it occurs but to stretch this into a debate is hardly worth it. If there are gay bro/sis people here who want to defend this, go for it, but I believe this thread is so off-track, it's a mere distraction to the real issues at hand.
Yes Or No?  And Why?
I MEANT BAN GAY **MARRIGE** YES OR NO.. oops lol
No one is preventing any adults from getting married (except poligamy and incest). Anyone who wants to marry a member of the opposite sex can marry. If someone wants to make a life contract to another - for whatever reason - may due so, to an extent.   No one is stopping a woman from being a mother. But wait! Men can't be mothers! That must be a result of discrimination! (sarcasim implied)  Just because an individual can't experience everything that another individual can does not make it discrimination.   More men are denied the 'right' to make a choice about a pregnancy then there are homosexuals who are denied the 'right' to marry.  Incidentally, the whole concept of marriage is a religious SACRAMENT that has taken on legal / civil aspects through history. It was never a social concept taken on by religions.  What is wrong with civil unions if the couple enjoys the same rights as married couples, but without the title?
emclean,  Let me reverse your question. What government began the institution of marriage? (For what purpose would a government create such an institution?)   Like marriage, religion is a concept. Marriage has religious rules enforced by God. The civic rules of marriage (alimony ect.) are realatively new.  Noah and the others you mention were married by their religious leaders and any government of the time was not involved. Purely religious.
There have been so many religions through out human history, that there is probably nothing that one of them wouldn't allow.   I can't think of a religion that married people of the same sex! Can you?
em, The God of each individual is responsible for the consequences of violation of the marriage vows. There is no evidence to refute anyone's concept of the afterlife.  Interesting bit on the same sex/marriage tribe.... thanks...  I assume the rest of your last post was ment for another....  regards
The Australian government is planning to ban gay marriages  http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/s1117019.htm  I am not actually going to debate this (at this point)... I am simply going to present this for you guys to look at.
I believe that once the gay lifestyle is completely forced upon us all, we will see our first amendment rights reduced. When this practice is labeled "normal" by unelected judges, we will be told it is against the law (a thought police, hate crime) to speak out and condemn that lifestyle. Ministers will not be free to preach against homosexuality, even if that is the official position of their church. I heard of such a case in Canada.
Just this year, AIDS became the leading cause of death for adult, black males. For white males, it is not AIDS. FYI....
wow... that's the worst bit of paranoia I've seen in a long time... did Rush say all of that or did you make it up yourself?  Actually, that is the logical extereme of the gay-activist position. All the rhetoric has been "We are exactly the same as you, our love is the same, there is no difference between a hetero couple and a homo couple".   And I don't see how letting a man and woman get married to each other doesn't warrant polygamy just as much as letting two men or two women get married to each other. You could easily use the arguement "Well, if a man and woman can get married, why can't a man pair up with two women and marry them both?" Why does gay marriage make this any easier?  Ah, but before we could say "It is not a traditional marriage to marry a man and two women, therefore we do not allow it" (sound familiar?). Once we allow one non-traditional marriage, the same arguments can be used to allow others. A polygamist marriage will not affect you, they love each other the same, the love that they give the children is exactly the same, the gov't has no business telling me who I can and cannot love. My love deserves validation, it is discrimination when the gov't supports one loving relationship and not another.   Also, it's irrelevant whether or not two women raising a child is better than a man and woman... it's no doubt better than one woman raising a child, or one man raising a child.   Also irrelevent how many raise the child, as long as the child is loved. In fact, if the child recieves more experience with more people, I daresay that the child will be better adjusted.   Gender wouldn't become "nothing". You act like everyone is going to turn gay the second gay marriage is legal. You think men and women won't be attracted to each other any more in most cases? Things will be EXACTLY THE SAME as they are now in your life and in most other people's lives. Only, there'd be more couples around to adopt those kids you guys are always talking about in the abortion threads.  Then what is the difference in value between a hetero and homo couple?
I'm not sure I understand what you are asking..  You were arguing against Jaaaman who was saying that gender would meaningless in value with regards to relationships, so I was asking what would be the difference in value then.
You espouse 'traditional' marriage. What is 'traditional' marriage? One where the wife was considered a possession of the husband? One where children could happily marry adults? One arranged by the parents when both participants were children? One where the husbands use of prostitutes and mistresses is considered normal? One that only stays within bounds of class/race? All of these are 'traditional', but people ignore that fact and paint 'traditional' as being some rose-tinted vision of a era in the near past. Marriage has already evolved from these things, thankfully, and will continue to do so.  As far as I know, I haven't argued in favor of traditional marriage.
A one on one romance is very different. Its two individuals making a choice to being together.   And give me a break on the family thing: A great deal of families with men and women married couples are screwed up.   To be fair, a one-on-one romance can be in the form of slavery too. any relationship can be screwed up, as any relationship can be loving and sharing.
How about<b></b>:  And I believe that the arguments for one non-traditional marriage apply to other non-traditional marriage. I am not saying that traditional marriage is good or that non-traditional marriage is bad.
 Do they still have mandatory military conscription in Denmark?   Yes, I think so. Why do you ask?   Why is their GDP growth amongst the world's worst at 0.3%?  It isn`t. Its 2,0% (est. 2003)...    Why don't the citizens have any say in two of the three branches of government?   They do. The appointments in the judicial branch are either political (by a democraticly elected government) or based on merit. The legislative branch is elected through popular elections and the executive branch (the government) is in turn elected by the parliament   The Executive Branch is a monarchy   Nope. Denmarks political system is based on parliamentarism. The executive power rests in the prime minister, not the monarch (who lacks political power).   Judicial Branch is composed of life-long judges appointed by the monarch.  Nope, judges are either appointed by democraticly elected governments or hired on merit (depending on what facet of the judicial branch you are talking about).  I think that you should look for a better example of the "land of the free". emoticon_rolleyes  Well, I`ve always seen denmark to have a rather high level of political, economic, social and religous freedom (the only real detriment is high taxes, but some would argue that high taxes coupled with a large amount of income distribution actualy increases economic freedom, so its kind of ambigous). This being mixed with relative socialistic and prosperous economy makes Denmark a good contestant for the title "the land of the free".
To argue that letting homosexuals break traditional marriage bounds is akin to other non-traditional marriages such as polygamy to me seems to imply that you consider traditional marriage to be favourable. However if this isn't the case I apologise for leaping to the conclusion.  Not at all. I have nothing against either homosexual marriage or polygamy. As long as all parties involved are willing and able to give consent, I have no problem with anyone in a relationship.  I merely believe that if one non-traditional marriage is allowed, others that follow the same line of reasoning be allowed as well.
Double razor burn, ouch! Uh, how do you know????? :p emoticon_xbye
Keep it up and Waxy and me might give away that first class seat in Hell we're holding for you just in case. emoticon_xangel Hey - what are friends for? emoticon_xhoho
If this is the future for this country, I do not want to be part of it. emoticon_ic  Careful Jaaaman, there are those around here that will hold to that.  If you don't leave, they'll call you a big baby.  Waxy
Where do we cut the line off at? Do we just let all groups of people do what they want to and appease them? Are we going to allow people to marry more than 1 person? Are we going to allow relatives to get married?  I like those questions. I say we get rid of the state institution called marriage, period....*smirk* and relieve men of the agony. lol... There's nothing like destroying businesses/fathering/self-esteems through divorce, which are all granted by the 'rights' of marriage (to women)...depending on the state.    Of coarse I'm kidding (on the marriage think, sort of), but it's not something people should be clamoring for. Hell, take my right for it. Government shouldn't even have to provide these so-called rights, they should be made by social contracts, and religious ceremonies. I'm sure some people wished their marriages were easier to get out of.
I wasn't aware that sexuality was worldly and materialistic. I was under the impression from biology it was human.  One is no less "human" for choosing not to act on desires. No one ever died from celibacy.
What does human resilience over physical challenges have to do with not having sex? Nothing! There is no physical challenge. It is all emotional. This is not a relevant argument.  Are you suggesting that the "need" for sex is all about emotional health and nothing about a basic physical "urge"? Sex and intimacy are related but not identical.
Ah, but then they couldn't tax you more.
Fifty-seven percent of gay readers claimed more than thirty sexual partners during their lifetime. Thirty-five percent claimed more than one hundred sexual partners in their lifetime.   Forty-eight percent admitted having a "three-way" sexual encounter during the past five years.  Twenty-nine percent admitted to meeting their partners in a bathhouse or a sex club.   anybody run the numbers on us straght guys? how about the urban straght guys?
the average homosexual relationship lasts only 1-1/2 years. By comparison, more than two-thirds of heterosexual marriages in America last longer than ten years.  I think a better comparison would be all heterosexual relationships, i.e. casual dating, etc.
What was it they said about statistics?  Oh yes, I remember:  "Lies, damn lies and statistics".  I think Jaaaman's sources are agenda pushing behind a screen of figures.
What was it they said about statistics?  Oh yes, I remember:  "Lies, damn lies and statistics".  I think Jaaaman's sources are agenda pushing behind a screen of figures.  Dude, you only figured that out now?   I'm disappointed in you.   just joking. Everything he states has a hidden agenda.
 My "negatives" about gay marriage have decreased significantly. I conceded that my fiscal concerns don't exist...  emoticon_frazzled emoticon_wow emoticon_wow   Did I read that right?  I better get a hard hat and a snowmobile, I think the sky might be about to fall, but the riding's going to be good in hell. :p   Waxy
Yes. Regardless of what happens with polygamy, it doesn't prove that same-sex marriage is right or wrong.  However, the same arguments generally apply. If you allow gay marriage, you would be hard pressed to discriminate against another sort of alternative marriage.
I don't think the same arguments apply. Polygamous activity is illegal.  lol, so if we make gay relationships illegal we would have no problem? ;) When sodomy was illegal, did that solve the problem?   In addition, there is no limit to the number of partners who can enter a polygamous marriage contract, unlike with two persons of the same or different sex.  Practical problems only. They are consenting adults whos love is the same as yours. Philosophically, all of the arguments for equal rights and social acceptance do apply.   Marriage rights in general, including for straight couples, would just as likely lead us down this slippery slope, if one believes in slippery slopes.  Not quite a slippery slope. What argument (besides practical problems which can always be gotten around) would you use to deny polygamous rights? Incestous relationships between consenting adults? At what point does good and acceptable become creepy and weird? Brother and sister? Father and son?  The argument for straight marriage over gay marriage is based in religion usually, so there is no slippery slope there. Anything besides man and woman is simply not allowed. You cannot use that justification.
I didn't say that at all. I just said there were different issues involved, beause polygamous activity is indeed illegal.  I'm misunderstanding. The issues are different because polygamous activity is illegal? Do you mean to say that if homosexual activity was illegal you would not argue for it?   But different issues.  It is different, no denying that. Why do the arguments for homosexual love not justify polygamous love?   The argument of consenting adults who love can be applied to any relationship between adults which does not involve rape.  Agreed, including polygamous and incestuous relationships.   Please explain your second sentence further. How do these arguments apply specifically to gays and polygamists?  You made my point already. Any argument for an alternative union apply to other sorts of alternative unions.   Ah, yes, here we go again. I'm very surprised you didn't mention sex with a human and a sheep.  I would include that but a sheep cannot give consent. I would argue that it doesn't matter since animals should not have rights as humans do, but that requires more arguments than I'm willing to put forth at the moment.   I am not arguing for or against polygamous rights nor for or against any of the other rights you mention. Can we please stay on the topic of gay rights? Do you have a logical argument against THAT?  No, nor would I attempt to. I have no problem with gay rights or gay marriage, I have a problem with the inherent hypocrisy I see when gay activists argue that "the love is the same" and "we're people and we just want to love each other" and then blast other alternative marriage. What others do in the bedroom is none of your or my business, and who I marry is none of your business either. It doesn't affect you :)   It depends on which religion. Gay marriages often take place in a religious institution too. How do you know there is no slippery slope with straight religious marriages, but "not quite" a slippery slope involving gay marriage? What is "not quite" a slippery slope?  Because religion (for the sake of argument, say Catholics) bans any marriage besides between a man and a woman. There can be no slippery slope because there is no argument, only dogmatic laws. An argument can apply to different situations whether or not they are the authors intent, dogmatic law only applies to what the priests apply it to. The "not quite" was a bit of sarcasm.  This is not a "slippery slope", this is a logical step. If you wish to argue for gay rights, realize that other things you may not agree with become a lot more possible.
Woah now, wait just a second. Polygamous activity is certainly not illegal. Banning polygamous activity would be a harsh limitation on freedom, this is certain.  Agreed. If your going to allow one sort of alternative marriage, I cannot see how you can justify banning other sorts (besides practical issues, and practical issues should not, philosophically if not practically, interfere with civil rights).   I actually agree with this; most arguments used to support same-sex marriage can be used to support polygamy as well. The difference is that there are argument which can be used against polygamy which do not apply to same-sex marriage. The primary argument against polygamy is that it is unequal and unrealistic. Applying marriage across ten people would in theory allow one person to spread his benefits of marriage across nine others instead of just one. For example, nine other people in a family could get that one man's health insurance instead of just one in a current-day marriage. Not only would this give polygamy benefits over other marriages, but it would be rather unrealistic to give that many people health benefits just because only one person has them. So it is unequal and impractical. Now we could in theory implement a form of polygamy where each member is allowed to give his or her benefits to only one other person, but how is that different from what we have today? Currently polygamous people can marry one other person and give that person benefits; technically their marriage is already recognized under the law.  Agreed, there are practical problems associated with polygamy. However, that does not negate that their relationship should be recognized in some manner. Perhaps the answer is the change marriage entirely, I don't know.   So creating polygamous marriage is a bad idea; we don't need it and it would create inequality.  Do we "need" homosexual marriage? There are those who wish to have polygamous marriage.   You may not like my reasoning on the subject, but if you do not, you had better have some reasoning of your own to back up your dislike of polygamy.  I don't dislike polygamy.   If one does not have a reason to disallow polygamy, then he is not justified in disallowing it. So tell us that reason.  I am arguing that polygamy should be allowed, under the same reasoning that gay marriage is allowed.   If it also applies to same-sex marriage, then we can discuss its validity. But simply saying "if we can allow same-sex marriage, we can allow polygamy" is not enough because you have not given any reason that polygamy should not be allowed. When you give that reason, we can discuss whether it actually applies to same-sex marriage or not. I gave a reason to disallow polygamy which does not apply to same-sex marriage.  Practical problems are not a good justification to ban civil liberties, especially when the argument for gay marriage is not that it's "easy" but that it's "right". Whether or not polygamy is "easy" makes little difference in terms of if it's "right".   Well, I discussed polygamy above. But how about incest? Well in my opinion incest too often results in children who are mentally disabled and is an abuse of the natural bonds of love created by the closeness between families.  Abuse is something that is fought against anyway.  Children are not a pre-requisite of marriage. Homosexuals cannot have children at all, so the state of the children should not bar incestuous relationships. Also, we do not ban marriage between couples who may (even if it's a good chance) have disabled or mentally challenged children, incestuous or no. "Abuse of the natural bonds of love created by the closeness between families"? That sounds suspiciously like a moral argument against a certain relationship. What if I were to argue that homosexual relationships were an abuse of the natural bonds of love between opposite sexes?   Again, this reason to disallow incestuous marriage does not apply to same-sex marriage. If you do not like my reasoning, again you simply must have a reason to dislike incest.  I don't dislike incest. I don't participate myself, but I see no reason why incestuous relationships should be demonized by those who are supposedly open-minded about relationships. They love each other, who are you to keep them apart? Regardless of whether or not they have children, or if those children are retarded, they have the right to love each other.   The only reason you specified is that it is "creepy and weird". I think we can both agree that creepy and weird is a matter of opinion and is not any reason to take away the rights of others.  Exactly! So, why is incest and polygamy wrong? Only because of the practical problems with implementing polygamy and what might happen with the children in incest? Are those valid reasons for not giving them civil liberties?   So why do you dislike incest? Think about it, and think about whether those reasons apply to same-sex marriage. If they do, posts them here, and again, we will discuss their validity.  I have no problem with incestuous relationships or polygamous relationships. It appears that you do.   Sure I can. The argument in favor of same-sex marriage is based on religion often as well; whole bunches of people hold religious beliefs which state that marriage is between any two people who are not related by family.  However, much of the opposition to homosexual marriage is based in religion is it not?   Furthermore, there is a very dangerous slippery slope to be run down by disallowing same-sex marriage. If the battle against same-sex marriage wins, we are setting a precedent that the government is allowed to disallow the rights of minorities any time it wants. With the denial of same-sex marriage, what other rights are soon to follow?  Agreed. I don't believe the gov't should be in our personal lives any more than absolutely necessary.   Will we lose the right to cheat on our spouses? Maybe that one isn't so bad. Maybe you'd vote in favor of removing that right. If so, then you should see my point.  You misunderstand my stance. You believe I am arguing for polygamy and incest as a rhetorical device against homosexual marriage. I am not. I am sincerely arguing for polygamy and incestuous relationships based on the same arguments that you are using.  I realize that I am a lot more liberal in personal matters than many liberals, but I do not think the gov't should be involved in our personal lives.   What about divorcing our spouses; might we soon lose that right?  Unfortunately, there are situations where you do not have the right to divorce. There was a case recently where a woman was not allowed to divorce because she was pregnant.   What about having children out of wedlock? What about practicing a religion that the government has not approved? What about speaking out against the government? What about eating unhealthy food? At what point does restricting freedom end? Such a slippery slope is a far more dangerous one to walk down than the "what if people allow polygamy!" one. Everyone is in the minority on some issue, and everyone is in danger of losing their rights if same-sex marriage is not legalized.  I don't believe that particular slippery slope. Certainly it would restrict freedom, and be a step toward fascism. But "everyone will lose all their rights if this isn't legal!" is a textbook slippery slope fallacy.
1+1=2  Defining n= any integer <1:  1+n does NOT = 1+1  Sorry if I have confused you with higher math.  The arguments for homosexual marriage are not contingent on how many are participating. Is your only justification that the number of participants are the same?  No, the arguments in favor of homosexual marriage are that it is no one elses business who you marry, nor does it affect others in a way that justifies denying them rights. The same argument applies to polygamous and incestuous marriage.   You must not read this forum much. That illogical fallacy has been explained time and time and time again.  We are not debating 1+n  We are not debating 1+y where y= someone under the age of consent.  We are (supposed) to be debating 1+1 where 1 = consenting adults.  Why does the number of particpants matter, if they love each other and are in a commited relationship? I do agree that this is a bit outside the scope of the debate, but I believe it is a valid criticism of the gay-rights movement.  If a member of the relationship is not able to give consent, obviously I cannot use the same argument.   Seems like you have difficulty sticking to the subject.  I never was part of any other subject in this thread ;)   1+b (where b= animal) again avoids the subject. If you like beastility, you can probably find it on the Internet. Sorry, not my style.  Homosexuality is not my style either, and you can find homosexuality on the internet as well. That does not allow or disallow the relationship. What people do in the bedroom is not your business :)   Assuming you really mean what you said, then what business of your's is it what I do in my bedroom? It doesn't affect you. :)   Talk about HYPOCRISY !!!!!!  Where is the hypocrisy? I have not said anything negative about homosexual relationships. You, however, are for one sort of alternative relationship but seem to blast any other sort. That is hypocrisy.   OK. Suppose a religion ( for the sake of argument, say the Metropliotian Community Church, a Christian denomination) DOES recognize same sex marriage?  So what? If they do that is their business. My only point was that there is no slippery slope with a religion defining marriage between a man and a woman because a religious argument does not need to be rational or logical as your argument does. A rational and logical argument can apply to things you don't necessarily agree to, while dogmatic laws do not. God says exactly what he means, if he meant something different he would have said so.
I still don't see it as disallowing the rights of a minority. Everyone has the right to marry a member of the opposite sex. Nobody is discriminated against due to race, religion. sex, etc.  That's a really bad argument, imo. Restricting what people can eat does not discriminate on that basis, either.    Good question. I've been asking that one since the first gun control law in 1968. If you can find an answer to that one, you're a damn good fortuneteller.   And yet you favor restricting rights in other ways? Across the board gun control does not discriminate.
If you don't think that the DNC is losing the American public because of its radicalism, then I guess denial is more than just a river in Africa. There are now more registered Republicans than Democrats, an unusual event. An incumbent president's party picked up seats in the House and Senate (no gerymandering in the Senate Districts can account for the losses, BTW). Republicans picked up governorships as well. This is unprecedented. Liberalism is dead. If the President gets Tort, SS and Tax reforms passed, the Democratic Party will be buried so deeply that the Libertarians will look formidable to them. emoticon_rolleyes  Hi, mind if I weigh in on this?  I agree. Republicans now represent the political 'middle' in politics. They are the mainstream. It doesn't matter whether it was moral values or the war on terrorism that helped Bush win; Democrats have simply stopped appealing to voters. They represent the far left, and Republicans represent the middle and the right (and sometimes a little of the left as well, as in Schwarzenegger). And I think over time, people have started to realize that all the over-the-top accusations against Republicans are just simply not true. (Such as "they hate old people," or "they are only for the rich.") Democrats however, will try and chalk it up to anything else they can, rather than look inward and realize and actually consider that maybe their perception of reality and the world just isn't so accurate after all.  The DNC picked up a liability when they got in bed with radical gay activism. But their biggest failure is that they have no sense of purpose and direction regarding terrorism.
I just happened to find this forum on a search through Google and was astounded at some of the replies I've read here. I decided after reading most of this thread that I wanted to reply.  Firstly, the debate here isn't about marriage. Marriage is just the issue in which the debate is taking form. What really being debated here are issues regarding differences between the question of "is being gay a choice" and the belief that "straight people are morally superior/generally superior to gay people."   The first debate is a matter of opinion. I would be interested in knowing what some of the anti-gay marriage folk feel about the issue of gay being a conscious choice. If they feel that it is a conscious choice, then their feelings of superiority may be justified in some way. It may be understandable. If they feel that being gay is not a choice, and they still feel that being straight is superior to being gay then that could raise some serious issues about their personal moral character.  Personally, I do not feel being gay is a conscious choice. As a gay man myself I do not see any benefits of being gay, and had I the choice to make I wouldn't have chosen to be gay. I think most people will tend to agree with me, that being gay is not a conscious choice. Those that disagree should ask themselves if they could ever be persuaded to be gay, or if they were ever faced with such a choice in their lives. I believe, barring any bi-sexuals, most people would say "no." All evidence in this case seems to fall into the "gay is not a choice" favor.   The second issue, whether or not heterosexuality is either morally superior or superior in general to homosexuality is a trickier case to handle and hinges much on if you believe being gay is a conscious choice or not. Either way there will be little said on the subject to change anyones mind. Although, I would like to point out the parallel of past civil rights struggles. During segregation white people did not "hate" black people; they did not segregate black people from white society because they hated them. They did so because they thought they were superior to them. That they were better than them. Certainly, when black people protested and demanded equal treatment under the law and in the eyes of the government this caused hatred between whites and blacks. The same can be said for women and their struggles for equal rights. The struggles gays face parallel those of the past, and oddly enough many of those who struggled in the past (women and blacks) are guilty of the same prejudices they once struggled (and still struggle) against.   Certainly, it is human nature to think you are superior to other people who are different. Most people, for example, think humans are superior to animals and have a right to treat animals badly. They don't view themselves as having anything in common with animals and therefore do not empathize when animals are treated badly. (Unless they are cute, of course, then it's a different story! :p ) People generally think of themselves as important and like to think of themselves as better than other people.  Admittedly I am guilty of this. I feel in many ways I am superior to many straight people because of the struggles I have endured, the struggles which have made me stronger than them, struggles that they will never have to face. Many black people feel they are superior to white people and vise versa. It is a common trait that defies boundaries of class, sexuality, race and religion.   This, of course, brings us to the topic at hand. There are religious issues involved with the marriage debate. This is understandable, but I believe they truly have no place in the debate. It goes against the very law to make an institution giving rights or privileges to an established religion or group of religions. This, in and of itself, makes the claim that marriage is a religious institution empty. If that were the case then the government would, by the very law set in the constitution, have to abolish the institution of marriage all together. No one wants that. However, I do believe it is important to recognize and distinguish the differences of marriage as their ARE two types.   First you have the religious institution of marriage. No one can define that, only a particular religion, church, temple, priest, or what have you can define that. The government, rightfully, has no right to tell a religion what it should or should not believe or what it should practice or what it should not practice.   However, the debate is not over the religious institution of marriage. Most gay people can, if they wanted to, be married in a religious fashion currently. The debate over marriage centers around the civil institution of marriage as recognized by the government. Now, I am uncertain why gay people should not be allowed to have civil marriage and in fact many people (perhaps most) support civil unions. Allowing civil marriage, which would be called marriage as it already is, would not force a religion, a church, or otherwise to recognize that marriage. They could deny marriage rights to whomever they please -- just as they do now -- and it would have no effect upon them. However, the effect of not allowing marriage rights to gay people is a negative effect as anyone who is honest will admit.  Certainly, there is the argument of tradition and this is true -- marriage is traditionally a heterosexual institution -- but marriage as all things goes under redefinition as time passes and society changes and adapts. Just a hand full of years ago it was illegal for a white and black person to get married, and marriage was forced to be redefined as a marriage between two consenting adults regardless of race. That, despite what tradition had been. Before that a woman was a husbands property, and with the granting of equal rights that changed, forcing a redefining of marriage. That, despite what tradition had been. Why, then, is it wrong to once again evolve our definition of marriage to include two consenting adults, regardless of race and sexual orientation? That would simply be the next step in the evolution of marriage.  Of course, there are also arguments against gay marriage because it would "open the door" to other possibilities, and yes this argument might be true to a degree. However, those same arguments can be made for prior evolutions in marriage, interracial marriage in particular. So should we then abolish all interracial marriages and once again make wives the property of their husbands simply for the sake of tradition? Traditions, unfortunately, change as society evolves and changes.  Now, this brings us to the options which are laid out before us. Neither side is going to settle until one side wins. Gay people aren't going to accept "separate but equal" civil unions, and heterosexual people aren't going to want to allow gay people to have civil marriages. So instead we will battle each other to death until one-side ends up losing which will result in nothing but hard and bitter feelings for generations to come. One would think, as "civilized" human beings, that we could come to some sort of compromise that would make all parties involved happy at least to some degree.   The first post within this thread was one such proposal. I believe everyone here will agree -- gay marriage is eminent. It does not matter how many states place constitutional bans on gay marriage, once gay marriage makes it to the federal supreme court it will nullify them. Yes, this is the long hard road we will travel battling each other bitterly tooth and nail. The legislature will not touch the issue in fear of backlash and their pandering to political groups for votes. This leaves the courts, which is what they were designed for, to make the decision. Constitutionally, the same issue that applies to homosexuals applied to interracial couples. They won. That is why there is such a drive in Congress to pass a Federal Marriage Amendment, which would force the court (whose job is to interpret the constitution) to not recognize same sex couples as equal citizens deserving of equal protections and equal rights under the law. Of course, we all know and have seen that the FMA has no chance or hope of passing -- ever. This leaves us with only a matter of time before gay marriages happen in every state all around the country.  I believe the best compromise that can be made was the one suggested at the beginning of this thread. That the government no longer recognize marriage at all and instead allow religious institutions to have that word exclusively for themselves, and instead anyone who wishes to be "married" in the eyes of the government will have to undergo a civil union. All prior marriages would automatically constitute as a civil union. This would, at the very least, allow certain groups of people to keep their word "marriage", and allow the benefits of marriage to everyone -- making civil unions completely equal to marriage from a governmental point of view. Of course, some would argue that this isn't good enough that they shouldn't have to redefine marriage at all and just leave things the way they are. However, the alternative is to lose everything and it is a battle that will be lost. It may not happen next year or the year after, but it will happen eventually -- even if it is 50 years from now.  Naturally, this argument also goes much deeper and goes back to the argument of homosexuality not being equal to heterosexuality. Some people fear, and I believe rightfully so, that if homosexuality were to eventually be seen equal to heterosexuality then their beliefs that homosexuality is wrong will be frowned upon by society. That they will be regarded in much the same way that the KKK is regarded today. Well, there is no comfort that I can give in that because it will likely happen but it will happen regardless of whether or not gay people are allowed to get married. As time passes and gay people become more visible -- as surely is happening now -- we will become more accepted by the mainstream of society. Eventually, people will stop fearing us and instead begin to see themselves "no different" than us and you will be right where you stand now. The battle you face is not whether or not being gay should be equal to being straight but instead whether you are strong enough to hold on to your beliefs in the face of a changing and dynamic world.   In the end, sixty or seventy years from now, this entire debate will seem foolish and silly to most people. Just as segregation seems foolish and awful to those who did not live through it, although those that did will not forget what happened and may even harbor some form of resentment to this very day.   So, in the end what will those who are against gay marriage gain? I cannot see any benefit, any hope, as victory is not possible and the best hope that you have, the only hope, is to try and make some form of compromise.  Wow after all that and you still didn't say anything new.
No, Mana'ia, I most likely did not say anything new or something that hasn't been said both within and outside this forum a hundred times. However, what I did do was frame the entire debate in a better and more proper context and respond to your side with courtesy, with sincerity, and without sarcastic or snide remarks. It would have been nice had you afforded me that same courtesy.  That being said, perhaps you would like to talk about the issues now instead of trading snide remarks?  my point exactly. you didn't frame it any different and any better. It was redundant.  What do you want to debate htat hasn't been debated? What new insight are you bringing? That was my whole point.
The majority has been wrong litterally millions of time throughout history.    What is this "wrong" you speak of duo? are you acknowledging the existance of some sort of universal absolute moral ethic? Very interesting.
What a broad reaching generalization you have made. Since you are in the habit of naming logical fallacies, you should like this...You are committing the fallacy of hasty generalization as well as the fallacy of using an unrepresentative sample. This is very disturbing for one who seems to have a handle on his logical fallacies. But kudos must be given out to you as you have managed to commit two fallacies in one sentence.  not that there is anything "wrong" with that of course
What I want to know is if all these folks who feel it is their right to vote on marriage for gays would mind if the gays were allowed to vote on their marriages? Well, they are in the minority no matter what.
Yeah and the poills were also against President Bush being re elected and we know what happened there don't we........   Massive massive fraud.
There are ideals in this world that are better left alone.....lines that should not be crossed. Marriage is an ideal that does not need changing; doing so is crossing that line in the sand that was drawn there for a reason. In that case divorce should be made illegal. When you get married you promise to stay with that person for the rest of your life. In fact you do so before the presence of God. Therefore divorce should not be allowed.
I thought you had vowed never to post in this forum again. ????? I suppose with your views on divorce, your wedding vows have as much weight as your vow not to post here.  Still attacking the messenger rather than the message I see. Why not just deal with his post?
Simplism: n: The tendency to oversimplify an issue or a problem by ignoring complexities or complications. adj: simplistic http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=simplistic
Who's to say that anyone Bush might appoint wouldn't strike down a constitutional amendment that bans gay marriage? The justices are not to be the puppets of the legislature or the president. Don't forget Richard Nixon's appointment of Harry Blackmun.That's a sound point, one of the real fears of the traditionalists, and a good reason for a federal amendment. The tenth amendment is now more honored in the breach than in the observance.  What will happen when these judges interpret that a law is unconstitutional and strike it down. Will they be legislating from the bench?Yes, that's exactly what it is, but there is precedent for it. A federal judge overturned a Missouri state constitutional provision for school funding a few years ago, and ordered up his own formula. His formula failed miserably, at great cost to the citizens of the state, and was eventually abandoned. Like I said, the tenth amendment doesn't provide any protection from the federal judiciary.  In my opinion, we don't give the American people nearly enough credit to assume they can't be trusted with issues like this. Maybe, just maybe, the reason that many American people think gay marriage is wrong is simply because it IS. But I can tell you that I believe strongly enough in the American system that if enough of the public get behind gay marriage and support it to the point where it becomes legal in all the states, I would accept that as what America wants. What I don't accept is judges (individuals) deciding these issues, even going so far as to go against the American people. That is a VERY dangerous precedent that is much more monarchial than anything.Agreed in spades. For any representative government to work, two things are necessary: (1) All parties must accept the verdict of the ballot box, and (2) the winners must not overplay their hand and oppress the minorities by disenfranchising them. That said, no one will ever get everything he or she wants and it is not forbidden discrimination to deny the unqualified from admission to an institution as old as human society.
...but you are wrong to think that a removal of slavery and equal rights for women would not have come about far sooner if our government had not established a dictatorship with George Washington as the leader.That's an interesting choice of example. Do you really think a slaveholder would have freed the slaves earlier??   Remember that with slavery, the majority was horribly wrong until the iron fist of the government forced it upon them.Uhhh... I think that should read "iron fist of the majority" that abolished an abominable custom. After all, Lincoln did win the election in 1860. When read correctly though, I think you have hit on a good analogy and example of the majority stamping out an immoral practice (which is quite relevant to this debate).  With women's rights, more than half the population was oppressed.Back in the old days when the tenth amendment was still in effect, states determined who was eligible to vote. Women were first allowed to vote in Wyoming, ca 1870, because of one energetic frontier schoolteacher (from South Pass City, now a restored ghost town) who worked hard to support candidates for the very first state legislature if they would write women's suffrage into the state constitution. That concept was adopted by more than half the states before it was writted into the US Constitution in 1920.  Once again you have chosen a good example of bottom-up social change that would profit the gay activists to study.  But I do not care what America wants. I care what helps the most people.<shaking head in disbelief< Wow! You really need to place more trust in the people, and less in your own divinity.  The majority should never be trusted to decide the rights of the minority, and I think that is the most important thing I can say.Where do YOU think the federal Constitution came from?
You people crack me up.........You cite this clause when it favors you but in 2000 in Bush V Gore when the U.S. Supreme Court ruled against Gore in 2000 using the same clause you cried like babies............   Pathetic!!!!!!   What on earth are you talking about? Bush v. Gore was not ruled based on full faith and credit. How would it?
www.sfgate.com Return to regular view  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Senate committee revives bill to legalize gay marriage  - By BRIAN MELLEY, Associated Press Writer Tuesday, July 12, 2005    (07-12) 19:50 PDT SACRAMENTO, (AP) --    The quest to legalize gay marriage was revived Tuesday by a Senate committee that approved the measure that was slipped into a fisheries research bill after it failed in the state Assembly.   The Senate Judiciary Committee voted 4-1 in favor of the bill that mirrors one that fell four votes shy last month in the Assembly.   The measure by Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, one of six openly gay members of the Legislature, would make California's marriage laws gender-neutral as the issue is headed for the state's highest court.   Sen. Sheila Kuehl, D-Santa Monica, who said she was speaking in support of the bill as a lesbian and not as a senator, said the bill reflects the civil rights issue of the day.   "Our community's in the middle of the griddle and I'm proud of it," Kuehl said.   Opponent Randy Thomasson, who has proposed a constitutional amendment for next year's ballot that would outlaw gay marriage and remove most of the benefits of domestic partnerships, said the bill smacked of an abuse of process.   "This is really a no-brainer," Thomasson testified. "It's sad when it was defeated in one house it was reincarnated here."   Leno was able to keep the issue alive by persuading another lawmaker to let him gut and amend a bill that passed the Assembly that aimed to collect information from fisherman. He replaced it with the language from his gay marriage bill. He defended the move by saying his bill had already passed Assembly committees and would now face public votes in the Senate.   "I understand there is at times a nefarious reputation to the gut and amend process," Leno said. "That is, rightfully, when it is used at the end of the session, sometimes in the dark of the night when public hearings are short circuited. Nothing could be further from the truth with this bill."   Leno's bill would amend the state family code to define marriage between "two persons" instead of between a man and a woman. It faces a vote in another Senate committee as soon as next month. If the full Senate passes the bill, it would be the first legislative body in the nation to approve a gay marriage bill.   It took a court order last year for Massachusetts to become the first state in the nation to legalize same-sex marriage.   Leno said he still would need to round up three votes in the Assembly if it makes it through the Senate. Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, a moderate Republican, has not taken a stand on the bill, but has said voters or judges, not lawmakers, should make such social changes.   Republican opponents have argued that the issue was decided five years ago by state voters who approved a ballot initiative prohibiting the state from recognizing same-sex marriages.   However, a state judge in San Francisco ruled in March that state laws prohibiting gays from marrying are unconstitutional and the issue is likely to end up before the California Supreme Court in the next year.   While representatives of several civil rights groups spoke in favor of the bill, hundreds of opponents crowded in a Capitol hallway waiting for their turn to speak against it. Scores of the bill's foes, many from the Russian and Ukrainian communities in the Sacramento metropolitan area, added their voices in opposition, including one man who addressed the committee entirely in his native tongue.   ___   Read about bill AB849 at:   www.assembly.ca.gov/acs/acsframeset2text.htm   URL: http://sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/n/a/2005/07/12/state/n182826D97.DTL    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 2005 Associated Press
It's kind of funny, you're both playing different games by different rules and then complain when the other side doesn't play ball. I love political forums. emoticon_xlove
If you want equality in marriage, then fight for it and be consistent across the board. Otherwise you'll just continue to look like a hypocrite.  The easiest way to have consistent equality in marriage is to get the government out of marriage altogether. And conservatives need not worry that such an option would lead to government subsidizing immoral marriages.
I think that's a good solution, actually.  It is the solution. It's the only position I'm aware of that satisfies both:  < the liberal demand for equality before the law and < the conservative demand for the state to refuse to subsidize immoral marriages  Looking for a compromise? This is it.
I don't understand why so many people are up in arms about much adoo over nothing. We have golf courses that don't allow women or blacks (except Tiger Woods), churches that won't allow democrats, the NAACP, fraternities, sorieties, marriage, everybody is fighting hard to remain exclusive. There are "Not Allowed" signs popping up everywhere.  From my back porch, looking across the stock pond, all those silly things don't mean a hill of beans to me. I am more interested in that woman of mine in the kitchen wearing my workshirt...... she looks MUCH better in it than I do. emoticon_xlove
You had said on another thread that you had learned the fact that being gay has nothing to do with pedophilia. So why are you now talking like an ignoramus? Are you backslidding? The only thing that homosexuality has in common with pedophilia is that it is an atypical sexual orientation, like beastiality or something.   Those posters were talking about being gay, not pedophilia. Don't you think pedophilia is innate? Don't you think maybe pedophiles are born that way? That's what I always assumed.  When was the last time you heard the term, "heterosexual pedophile"? I have never heard that. I have never heard any connection made to heterosexuality when an adult male molests a little girl or girls, even if he identifies as heterosexual in his adult sexual orientation. That's as it should be. These are two completely different things. Just because people don't use that terminology doesn't mean that pedophiles don't have a preference. Don't you always see pedophiles going for one sex over another?  Wouldn't you call Michael Jackson a homosexual pedophile since he molests only boys?
Pedophilia is a mental disorder, not an "orientation." People aren't "born" child molestors, they become  them. How do you know this?  Well, ok, technically a person can't be a child molester until they molest their first child, so in that way, they become a child molester.  But, why wouldn't a pedophile be born that way?
Just about anything repeatedly paired with masturbation will eventually become sexually arousing in itself. It only becomes a disorder when that attraction has bad consequences, ie when it results in you wanting to molest children, or have sex with animals, or some such.  You can experiment with this for yourself; try pairing images of obese women with your masturbation, and you will eventually become sexually aroused by obese women. (Note: you may not want to actually do this).
http://allpsych.com/disorders/paraphilias/pedophilia.html So? I don't see how this proves anything.  There is also those who argue pedophilia results from feelings of inadequacy with same age peers, and therefore a transfer of sexual urges to children. While I'll forgive their bad grammar on account of their brilliant psychological insight, they haven't said anything definite here.  So would you argue that 100% of pedophiles were abused as children?  They list all the paraphilias here: http://allpsych.com/disorders/paraphilias/index.html Exhibitionism  Fetishism  Frotteurism  Pedophilia  Sexual Masochism  Sexual Sadism  Transvestic Fetishism  Voyeurism   Wasn't homosexuality listed as a paraphilia until political pressure caused the APA to remove it from the list? It wasn't because of any new medical data or anything, it was because of political pressure. It was a moral/value judgement.  But that's the case with most "psychological disorders" isn't it?  It's not typical for someone to brood and mope around all day, so a person who does this is "diagnosed" with "depression." But if everyone moped around all day, a person who didn't would be "diagnosed" with "hyperactivity disorder" or something like that.  What's on this list is very subjective, IMO. Homosexuality could easily be on this list if not for the political pressure to keep it off.  Oh, they left off beastiality? Or is that a sexual orientation now?
http://www.knowledge-finder.com/psychology/pedophile-children-fantasies.html  It is a startling fact that the etiology of this paraphilia is unknown.  So people could be born as pedophiles?
The distinction between gender of victim and sexual orientation of perpetrator is important because many child molesters don't really have an adult sexual orientation. They have never developed the capacity for mature sexual relationships with other adults, either men or women.  Doesn't this mean that their sexual orientation is toward children?  It may be a disorder, but it's also a sexual orientation.  That's the way homosexuality was treated until the 70's. eh?
Paedophilia is much more analogous to rape. Rapists, even if their victims are male, do not tend to identify as gay. It is not generally about attraction or sex so much as it is about power, control and dependence. Comparing consensual sex between adults of any gender with non-consensual sex simply does not make sense.
http://www.psychnet-uk.com/dsm_iv/pedophilia.htm http://www.healthatoz.com/healthatoz/Atoz/ency/sexual_perversions.jsp http://web4health.info/en/answers/sex-paraphi-causes.htm So. All of this could be applied to homosexuality.  Actually, this quote from you could apply to heterosexuality, so it's pointless.  Most paraphilic fantasies begin in late childhood or adolescence and continue throughout adult life. Intensity and occurrence of the fantasies are variable, and they usually decrease as people get older.  Just replace paraphilic with sexual.  Your quotes aren't helping you: There is very little certainty about what causes a paraphilia.  The development of a paraphilia is not usually a matter of conditioning alone; there must usually be some predisposing factor,  They all offer "theories" and "assumptions" but no one knows where paraphilias come from. No one knows for sure whether pedophilia is innate or not.  Your persistent attempts to redefine clinical terms at your whim, They sure seem like they are whimsically defined as they are.  ignore the facts presented to you, and concoct lay "theories" that in no way reflect any current medical belief is not only clear evidence of a blatant anti-gay bias but a pernicious attempt to slander gays by constructing a link between homosexuality and pedophilia where one does not exist, on the basis of no evidence whatsoever. First of all, feelings about these paraphilias and even the theories that shrinks pull out of their asses to explain them are based more on social mores than on medicine. My lay "theories" are just as concocted as the "theories" you have presented as examples. They all say "no one knows for sure, but we believe such and such..."  Second, you could not be more wrong about my stance on gays.
Homosexuality was removed because of the research, and because it does not fit the requirements to be a paraphilia. Gay people live happy, fullfilling lives. There is no distress from gay activity to one's self or to others.  If we lived in a culture where it was ok to have sex with children, the same could be said for this paraphilia also.  There would be no distress on willing participants.  Everyone would lead happy lives.  There were politics involved on both sides, and both sides had the chance to make their cases. It's time some people got over what happened over 30 years ago, unless they have some compelling new piece of evidence to present. The only evidence to present is that in our culture it's ok to screw any adult who will let you, but you cannot screw any child that will let you.
Paedophilia is much more analogous to rape. No, but child molestation is. But only because our culture and our laws tell kids that it's bad to have sex with grown-ups and vice versa.  Rapists, even if their victims are male, do not tend to identify as gay. It is not generally about attraction or sex so much as it is about power, control and dependence. Comparing consensual sex between adults of any gender with non-consensual sex simply does not make sense. Right, I was never comparing child rape with homosexuality. I was intrigued by the way our culture treats 2 different paraphilias. A pedophile can live their whole life being one without raping a child, just like a closet gay can live their whole life without expressing their sexuality.
Anyone that does not believe the pedophiles that molested these youg boys were not gay is in a total state of denial........  To bring up the subject of rape is nothing more then a smoke screen to deflect from the issue..........  If the priests were not gay they would have molested young girls too........That is a simple fact that is undeniable no matter how you try and spin it........  From what I recall some priests did assault girls, but they had more ready access to boys.
Anyone that does not believe the pedophiles that molested these youg boys were not gay is in a total state of denial........  To bring up the subject of rape is nothing more then a smoke screen to deflect from the issue..........  If the priests were not gay they would have molested young girls too........That is a simple fact that is undeniable no matter how you try and spin it........  Anyone who thinks rape or sexual molestation is about sex adds to perpetuating of both problems.
We shall see........Regardless of what the polls say I think the Spanish people will follow the precepts of the RCC and the Pope and vote down by a huge margin any idea of legalizing gay marriage..............  The spanish people have no say on this matter. They elected the socialists, and now it`s up to the senate to decide wether the bill will pass without delay or not.
Nice to see a vocal minority out trying to subvert a mandate handed down by the silent majority. ;)
Asking for a "logical" reason something is moral or immoral is like asking someone to tell you what purple smells like--morality is a philosophical issue, not a strictly objective one. Uh, in philosophy - the analytic tradition, the productive one - morality is treated as an objective subject, to be handled logically and rationally. Some philosophers, such as Immanuel Kant, have even argued that morality is purely a rational thing.  http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/morality-definition/
It's odd seeing someone show where Biblical scripture says logic and religion go hand-in-hand when they take any given opportunity elsewhere to portray religion as illogical, such as in their tagline.  Is it your position that religion IS logical?  I always thought that religion was an excercize of faith even when the various myths presented, on any particular religion, are beyond the realms of logic, reason and in many cases reality.
Actually, I tend to agree with you. I think religion calls for faith, which is not always an excercise in reason and logic. Sometimes it can be, but not always. The difference between someone of faith and the rationist-only isn't usually that the person of faith is anti-rationalism, but that they understand that faith is not a bad thing to rely on for moral and religious issues. So I do agree with you for the most part, but I also add that I believe faith is ok too.  Thanks for the response. I agree as well.
Some sources I came up with in a random Google search are: http://www.gaysouthafrica.org.za/homosexuality/bible.asp http://www.truluck.com/html/six_bible_passages.html http://www.whosoever.org/bible/corin.html http://www.whosoever.org/bible/tim.html   I'm not sure how you can say these quotes are accurate. The whosoever site says it's a "magazine for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgendered Christians" quoted from the site. The truluck site is a "response to the abusive use of the Bible against gays and lesbians", quoted from the site. The first site's URL speaks for itself. It seems that you have found some very biased sources here.
why is incest a taboo? can you answer that?   I think it has to do with offspring being geneticly inferior and stands a greater risk for mutations and deformations.   But I guess if an incestous couple wants to adopt and marry, it should be allowed (I know that it`s not at the moment but there is no real good reason why).
Jesus states in Matthew 5:18 " I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished."   I've wondered about that. Why aren't you kosher then? Christians don't follow most of the Levitical laws.
And since all Scripture is inspired by God / Jesus (2 Timothy 3:16),  Can you clear something up? When Paul wrote that all scripture is inspired by God, he clearly couldn't have been refering to his own letters, since they weren't scripture. Does that mean that Paul's letters aren't inspired by God, or do you have some other justification for saying that they are?  Straight forward question. Please, a straight forward answer.
The LITERAL interpretation of the first amendment is read that government shall not interfere with matters of the church. Not the other way around. Contrary to popular opinion. You cannot take God out of the marketplace of ideas.  Actually a LITERAL interpretation is that the government can't make any laws that RESPECT the ESTABLISHMENT of religion. So if it has anything to do with the establishment of religion, they can't make a law about it. Of course God can be in the marketplace of ideas, but the government can't sponsor it. Government-sponsored religion I think is a bad idea. Marriage is a religious idea, and it shouldn't be in the government.  But regardless if it's against the first ammendment or not, another amendment can overturn that. I don't agree with it but if it were passed the first amendment wouldn't apply there.
You forgot the all-important 2nd part which I believe is what Bassman was talking about<b></b>: "or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."  Of course, but I think the first part implies the second part. The government can't make laws that RESPECT the ESTABLISHMENT of religion. That means they can't make laws about how people can worship, where or when they can exercise their religion, or any other restrictions based solely on the fact that it is religion. They can say you can't pray out loud in a classroom as long as no talking is allowed. The first ammendment doesn't give you the right to disobey other rules because of religion, but it makes it so the government can't make rules that specifically respect to religion. Either way it does indeed say that the government shouldn't sponsor any religion or religious display or words.
And now it is time wipe the nation clean of religion in the law and the pubic square. It is fine if people want to practice religion in their homes and churches but the rest of us should not have to look at, be passively involved in, or bound by laws that relect religious teachings of any kind. I want a turly secluar nation that views religion as a private matter and possible a mental disease. In order to be totally free one must be allowed to throw religion out the window. I would be fine with a live and let live when it comes to religion however the evagelicals and catholics are not content to live and let live they have declared war upon Glbt people. They are trying to impose their religious moral views upon us regardless of our religious views.  I disagree. You don't have the right to "not have to look at [religion]". You shouldn't be bound by any laws that are PURELY religious in nature (no killing is still allowed because it has a secular basis as well). People have the right to exercise their religion in public and preach about it in any other time you would be able to talk. What they can't do (in my opinion) is have government-sponsored religion or religious displays sponsored by the government. If you want to display religious icons on your property, that's your right.
Why is this in the religion section?
Here's a challenge for you, using your own analogy, we'll both go back to university-  I'll learn to speak spanish in a semester.  You "learn" to be gay in a semester.  It'll be fun.  Waxy  P.S. Beervolcano, you can join in the fun too if you want, I'll even learn Italian in addition to give you some better odds.  Don't mean to split hairs here, but I've never heard of anyone who could truly learn to speak any foreign language in a semester (a span of about 4 months). To learn to really speak it, as in freely converse, be fluent, and get along well in Spanish speaking countries takes years for anyone but extremely gifted people.
Religion is a controversial issue, does that mean schools shouldn't tell young kids anything about religion?
The parents say that they would like the opportunity to explain there views about this subject to the child. This is the problem, the parents want to instll bigotry and discimination into there children. are you kidding? a parent wants to explain to their child their views on the subject, and that is a problem? and you immediately and automatically assume that the parents want to instill bigotry and discrimination in the child? this has got to be a joke. please...
See we have no problem with your gayness. If you were not gay, your behavior - like pursuing relationships - would be perfectly fine. But because you are gay, it is abominable. All you gays need to do is act like you are not gay at all, and Christians would have no problem with your behavior. That's all. this makes absolutlely no sense at all. didnt jyoshu specifically spell out that its the BEHAVIOR that christianity has a problem with? any man comitting a gay sexual relationship, regardless of orientation, is committing a sin according to the bible. if you have a problem with that, then disregard the bible. thats all
In this case, evidence has been clearly shown that THESE parents DO want to instill their child with views prejudiced against gays.  If you can bring up a REAL LIFE example where parents want to prevent their kid from hearing the school's discussion, and also not instill prejudice and discrimination, we're all ears! yes, THESE parents did indicate such. my contention was about parents explaining from their point of view, not preventing their children from hearing the school's view. a parent has every right to explain, or even refutr, what is taught in schools if the school's teaching goes against what the parents knows to be fect, or gainst the parent's opinion. you cant assume this means discrimination or something negative just because the parent feels he or she should explain to her child what was discussed in school  1) What good does it do to "disregard the bible" when there are Christians wanting to enforce the laws of the Bible on gays regardless of whether or not we "regard" it??? because the question of whether or not a gay act is a sin is purely religious, and has nothing to do with law. read carefully what i posted 2) Jyoshu's explanation spelled out a theoretical approach, but the actual application to this approach shows prejudice and discrimination against gay people. Not just gay people who engage in gay behavior, but gay people. and thats different and contrary to what jyoshu posted. can a straight man commit a gay sex act? or is it only gays that can do this? how do you draw the line? 3) That distinction is inane, in practice. It's like saying that you are prejudiced against "Jewish behavior"...The impact is the same. Prejudice against Jews. or prejudice against childish behavior, or terrorist behavior. neither is a form of discrimination against children nor humans, because we are lead to believe that behaviors are within the control of the individual to change. unless you also believe that all behaviors are permanent, innate and unchangeable It's like saying that you're against people who help make GM cars, but you're not against people who work for GM. is it possible for somebody to work at gm and not help make gm cars? i suppose it is, but chances are that person wont have his job for long. 4) If laws were created which discriminated against "heterosexual behavior", would you think that they don't target heterosexuals? That they're not against heterosexuals? If a person said they were prejudiced against CHRISTIAN behavior, as opposed to being prejudiced against Christians, would you think that is a meaningful distinction? no it isnt. there is a problem with the common definition of what a gay person is. i believe i might have a perspective of the definition which might differ from yours and jyoshu's. but it doesnt make sense to distinguish between a gay person and someone who commits gay sexual acts.
You know what is ironic here. The word "parents". Who can be a parent in nature? Well, where a sperm and an egg, no matter how you slice it, must come together to produce a child, be that the old-fashioned way or with modern science.  Two male sperms can never produce a child and two eggs can never produce a child. So who is "upset"? Hmmmm... some in here say the "parents" who actually create children, a sperm and an egg, are "ignorant" or "bigots" and the people who "adopt" because it is genetically impossible for them to create with two sperms or two eggs are "enlightened"?  Some things I will never get.
a quote from Matthew:  Bigots will be bigots. ...  and a quote from jitobear:  I love it. More stupid, paranoid parents for me to mock mock mock. They are sooo part of a great big problem.  See, I didn't make this up.   The thing is, this IS a sensitive subject. Both sides need to stop calling people "stupid", "bigots", among other stuff, because when we can't effectively communicate then we really get no where but angry.  Then you get somewhat "neutral" people like me, not even going "there" on this subject, because what is the point, no one wants to see the full picture. Just call 'em XXXXX or bigot, that's about the extent these two sides seem to come to. Am I right or am I right?   That's just my two cents.
See, that's what I'm talking about.  You're playing games with words. You wrote it and I copied it the way you wrote it. How did you want me to interpret "bigots will be bigots" when talking about "those parents"??????  So this is why I don't bother on this subject, because, I'm not completely in your court and I'm not completely in their court.  We live in a "me-me" society, and there is plenty wrong with that.
I guess I get defensive about it sometimes because there really are a lot of people in these fora that spend an inordinate amount of effort trying to debunk Christianity--I believe they have an axe to grind and that at times it is because of their prejudices. Come to think of it, you don't really have a record of that, so I apologize for the assertion. At the same time, I don't see the value of trying to determine that Christian morality is not unique. I believe it IS unique in a number of respects, but even if it is not, I have other reasons to hold to that it is the way to go.  From what I read in this forum, few people push anyone to discard their religious beliefs or lack of same. Most every subject that comes up involving argumentative differences of opinion on religion stem from Christians attempting to claim their belief system is the sole option and only oracle on any given subject. While extremists, primarily evangelicals, invariably resort to quoting scripture in emotional attempts to drive their point(s), most discussions are very civilized with well researched and intelligent comments.
NO I mean every word of what I type. If they institute these rules I will back off gay claim to marriage and accept that marriage is about children. As long as they continue to let 70 and 80 year olds get married marriage is not about children and there is no reason to exclude gay people.  I would also add one more lisencing rule  8 No one may have children with out a marriage lisence.  Well I gotta hand it to you, Matt, you're consistent.
what is your opinion on gay marrages???
what do you mean by opinion? Whether or not to allow them or whether or not they last....give us something :)  just how i said it... opinion...  like, what you think of it
Define, gay.   the sexuality gay
You mean like they are happy wile having sex?  should i break it down for you??? ok lets go into categories, bisexuals, transsexuals, gays, lesbians. simple enough for you??
I'd like to add my voice to those disagreeing with SpicyGirl on the adoption issue. It seems to me the bottom line--regardless of how you feel about gay relationships--is that kids need a nurturing home. It's strange to me that there those out there who would rather see kids either out on the street or in orphanages rather than with a parent who happens to be gay. Put the kids first.
The Tommy story happened to my son - I just changed the names. I know "Tommy's" parents. They are like you, they would never openly make fun of gay people or condone Tommy's actions. They just politely disapprove. What do you think Tommy hears when those around him, or at church politely cut down gay couples and families - say it is against God, nature or bad for children or society? Everytime anyone speaks as such, they do my family damage.   I'm curious as to where exactly you draw the line there. At what point, specifically, does disagreement about gay relations turn harmful? While I disagree with Spicy on the adoption issue, I can't go along with this idea of yours that mere disagreement to any extent on homosexality is harmful. This IS a national debate, and people are going to have to accept that there are opinions on both sides to be said. To not do so, and try to sweep one whole side under the rug by arbitrarily declaring the whole thing harmful with no regard for specifics or degree is going to get you nowhere.   But here's the thing: even if it IS harmful to some unknown degree, I think it is safe to say that you have a lot worse opponents out there than someone who quietly, politely, and respectfully disagrees. So it seems odd to me that you put as much effort into the opposing the respectful voices rather than opposing those who CLEARLY hate gay people and do so vocally. Is it because you won't get as much virulent argument out of the more respectful ones that you target them with this unreasonable and unrealistic idea of yours? Using your logic, I could claim ANY position held by anyone on ANY issue is harmful. That's how wide-open your standard is here, to what constitutes harm. So again, where do you draw that line specifically to where it becomes harmful? Someone saying "God hates gays" as publically as they can? Someone who "has no problem with gays whatsoever other than a little homophobia?" Somewhere in-between? Because if you're going to keep this up nearly every single time someone argues with you respectfully on a homosexuality-related issue, you need to say.  I'd also like to know what harm, specifically, comes from someone giving respectful disagreement in the debate. To what extent are you hurt by that? Because I suspect you can't really quantify it.
Let me make this analogy. Is there anyone in your life, whom you love, who is a blonde? What if violence was committed against them for being blond? Or maybe there were efforts to not allow them access to public schools, or roads, or marriage. Or maybe people just loudly or quietly preached or debated that blondes weren't natural, weren't loved by God, or were bad parents. Where would you draw the line? What of those actions against your loved ones would be acceptable?  No! If there were some instances in the world where blondes were being killed I would NOT blame anyone who happened to respectfully think blondes shouldn't get married for some reason;I'd blame the people that were doing the violence. It's that simple. In fact, I'd want to dialog with the people who felt that way about blondes and find out why they felt that way, and what their concerns were. The ONLY ones I'd blame for violence are those who are violent and commit violent acts. I just don't understand your mindset on this.  Where I draw the line is this: people who do crimes are the ones blamed for the crimes. Not so-and-so in a completely different town/state/country who who just happens to share SOME degree of a view on an issue. If you want to stop violence, then stop violence and violent people--don't seek to shut down dialog and the marketplace of conversation just because a violent person happens to have a similar view on some issue to some degree as whomever you are conversing with. It's not only unfactual to blame non-violent people for violence, but it sells short the gay rights movement because it misplaces blame that should be going to the right place.
There is no question that those doing violence ought to be held accountable, and I even said I am pleased that you (and others) are not engaging in acts of violence. But there is more than an act to consider. There is intent. There is motivation. There is the reason why. If violence is committed because someone is gay - why is that? Where does the message come from that gays aren't OK? It isn't just those committing acts of violence. SpicyGirl helps send that message. So do you. That's what I mean when I say you are part of the problem.  Again, that could be construed and said about any issue, from any position on the issue. It's just not a good way to approach debate to condemn a whole side of the debate by claiming it causes violence. Perhaps if you could prove that it always causes violence, you might have something. But you can't prove that. People are not autonomons; they make their own choices. There are a world of ideas out there and it's not about the ideas, but rather how we as human beings choose to act on them. Frankly, I find your way of thinking on this to be alarming, in the same way anyone trying to be some sort of thought-police would be alarming. It's the same sort of thing that people use against gay people sometime by not only standing against gays, but even the ideology that gays are ok.  Do you mean to actually tell me that if your daughter/wife/best friend were blonde you would politely consider whether or not they should be granted the same legal access as brunettes?  That you would seriously consider talk that said or implied they were dirty, unworthy, inferior? That you actually believe their level of humanity should be debatable issue for the brunettes to determine? This is how you love someone?  But you aren't limiting your condemnation here toward only people who say those things. No one here has said they were dirty or unworthy, or inferior. Or that their "level of humanity" should be debated. If someone came in saying that, then I'd agree with you. You're taking issue with people who simply have a different view about marriage. Or moral views that have nothing to do whatsoever with the worth or value of people.
But you don't seem to get it. Bottom line no one should have the right to have an opinion about someone elses marriage.   In short they think they are allowed an opinion about my marriage but I am not allowed an opinion about their marriage.  Matthew, anyone should have the right to any opinion they want about anything. Opinions are the realm of thoughts and ideas, Matthew. Are you now trying to remove someone's right to think? Because that's just simply impossible. Let's get this squared away right now .... I am in a heterosexual marriage. You are welcome and completely within your rights to think anything you want about that. You are within your rights to have whatever opinion about my marriage you want, just as anyone is free to have any opinion. I'm curious, how exactly do you propose removing the right of having an opinion? Mind control experiments? Tell them that 'you better not have that thought, or you'll be punished!' How can you enforce thought?  This has never been about right-to-an-opinion. It's about the law and how our system works. We punish criminals when they commit a crime. That's the only reasonable way to do it; The unreasonable way to do it is to blame people who haven't done any crime for the crimes of others.
No it can't. Only those issues where people are getting hurt due to an ideology that claims a superiroity to another group of people - PREJUDICE.  But that's just it--you have no idea 'if it's due to an ideology' or not. You claim it is because it just so happens that some people on your side of the issue has experienced violence. But to claim mere disagreement alone is a cause is just not reasonable. That's why I asked you earlier to tell me at hat point, specifically, ideology becomes harmful. At what point in the ideology does it become a catalyst for violence. I'm sure that at SOME point, ideology does do that. Naturally, if someone says "gays should be killed" then that's dangerous. But I think it's ridiculous to say that something like saying "gays shouldn't redefine marriage" is a catalyst for violence. Or even if someone says "I morally disagree that gay sex is ok." Those aren't people to blame for violence against gays, and the fact you basically have to jump through roundabout speculative hoops to make blame stick to such people says it all.  You may not buy into all of these - but they exist none the less; "gays are sinful", "gay parents are bad/confusing for children", "gays are a threat to marriage, society, the American way, etc."  But those are examples of statement directed at gay people, not at things like marriage and homosexuality relations. If you're only condemning statements of people that say that, then fine, because most people who oppose gay marriage or are on the other side of the fence on these issues don't say that. They don't say "gays are bad" they say "gay marriage is bad" or "gay relations is wrong", etc. Those are two VERY different concepts and the difference is VERY important. But even there, I don't see that you've proven how those views truly cause harm. It's when people act on those view and hurt people that it matters.  Maybe you don't condone violence. Maybe you wouldn't choose it. But you make it easier for those who do to justify it. What does one do with a threat afterall?  Like I said, that could be said about any issue. I could just as justifiably claim that when someone says "America is bad" it makes it easier for terrorists to justify terrorist acts on Americans. But we don't tell people they can't say "America is bad." Opinions are opinions, and actions are actions. When people support legalized medical marajuana, it makes it easier for people to harm themselves with marajuana. We don't tell people they can't have an opinion that we should have legalized marajuana.  And by the way, you speak ugly untruths about people I love. You bet your XXX I condemn you for it.   Nope; I do not speak anything about anyone you love (or hate, or are otherwise connected with in some way). You don't get the difference between talking about the actions some people do and talking about the people themselves.
With me, I disagrre. But that does not mean it won't stay that way. That does not mean, in the long run I'm going to run up and hurt someone who is gay. So your statement is wrong!!  Same with me. Some with MOST people, I suspect. But when people with whom you disagree with act as if the distinction (that you pointed out) doesn't exist, it does the debate no good whatsoever, as I'm sure you've noticed.
Take World War II for example. Most Germans didn't know what was going on with the Jews and the holocaust. But even though they were ignorant, the anti-Semitic lies promulgated by the Germans helped others in power to move forward with the Holocaust.  But we don't blame the rest of Germany for the holocaust. We blame the Nazis who did it, and were put on trial. If you'll go back and notice, the issue is whether others are to blame for such atrocities.  Not to mention that there is not holocaust going on against gays ...
But as far as an actual "holocaust" with death camps goes, I guess we should be thankful that we don't have one. That way, it allows some people to focus on how gays aren't being killed so that they can ignore the other XXXX that gays go through...  Oh brother! emoticon_rolleyes Need I remind you that you were the one who used the genocide analogy? emoticon_xdonno Not other "some people."
I used the holocaust analogy with regards to how it PERTAINED TO THE SUBJECT MATTER. How people not directly involved in the "violence" can contribute to the atmosphere for the "violence".  Hmm ... funny, I don't seem to remember you being too concerned about the subject mattier when I've made analogies in the past about the moral view of homosexual relations and people erroneously took it as an affront to gay people when that wasn't intended at all. But oh well ...   Yet you felt it necessary to point out the obvious, while ignoring a variety of other posts on the "silent disagreement" and harm...  That's because regardling silent disagreement, even respectful disagreement, I don't see any proof whatsoever that it's harmful, in ANY way. If you care to offer proof, then by all means do so.  The "...so that they can ignore the other XXXX that gays go through..." was aimed specifically at the fact that you were pointing out the obvious, while ignoring other aspects of the discussion...  No, the issue isn't whether or not gays go through XXXX. No one ever said they didn't. The issue is whether or not respectful disagreement on the issue CAUSES the XXXX, and more importantly, the need of those who claim it to prove it.
I have TWICE now pointed to proof where discrimination harms gays. If a person supports discrimination against gays, even "silently", and that discrimination has an effect, then that support has had an impact.  Discrimination may harm gays, but that doesn't mean that disagreement CAUSES discrimination. You've proven nothing to the point. There may, in fact, be some who disagree for which no impact is made. You have no idea who makes an impact, nor to what degree. Just because you CLAIM it has an impact does not constitute proof.  You claimed that "most" fall into a category like yourself, and I disproved that. Predictably, no response.  No you didn't. You just disagreed.  I posted an APA article about the effects of supported discrimination against gays and the harmful effect that has on gays. Again, predictably no response.  But we aren't necessarily talking about "supported discrimination". That's a term you brought to the table here. We're talking about any potential disagreement over issues related to homosexuality--the moral issue, for instance. And for that matter, the article shows the effects of discrimination, but does nothing to show how disagreement CAUSES discrimination. So you've not proven it at all. I already told you this was about CAUSE. But predictably, no response.
If there was no disagreement, would the discrimination exist? In a society where we have a constitution that enforces equality, and a democracy that allows people to create and revoke laws, would the discrimination exist if nobody had "disagreement" over gay rights???  Do you really think it's tha cut and dry? That everyone who disagrees is a cause of discrimination? I think that's a bit extreme. For one it doesn't take into account that the real cause would more likely be those who don't have a respectful opinion. Discrimination exists for probably many reasons, but I don't think it's reasonable to be able to just take anyone who respectfully disagrees and say "You're part of the cause!" And that's where you're logic goes. IMO, this is a ridiculous debate, because it shouldn't even be an issue. People shouldn't be castigated for disagreeing on something and made to feel like they are causing something awful just by having a respectful opinion. It does nothing good for a healthy debate, and it's treading on ground that is unprovable because no matter what you say here you'll never be able to take any ONE respectful person and prove that THEY were a cause of the "XXXX" that you mentioned (whether that's discrimination or whatever). And you know that.  If the disagreement isn't "silent", and people make known their desire to discriminate against gays, that does have an impact.  Impact or cause? You're using a lighter term. Since you aren't using the term "cause" can I assume you agree that attributing cause to someone wh respectfully disagrees is unreasonable?  And for what it's worth, I think you're also just about as hard pressed to prove any one person has an impact.  I have given the proof before, with again no comment from you. I showed that around 70% of the people who are against gay marriage are ALSO against any form of gay union recognition. We could do further math and demonstrate that those against gay marriage also have a majority (of that sub-group) against a variety of other gay equality issues. They're against gays. Not JUST gay marriage.  What does that have to do with people who respectfully disagreeing being a CAUSE for the "XXXX" that gays deal with?  What the hell do you think we're "disagreeing" on in the first place???  Oh come on. You know what I mean. it could be any number of issues--that gay relations are morally ok, for instance. Or disagreeing that gays should be able to redefine marriage (while still being for them getting couples' benefits). I shouldn't have to define for you what would be respectful disagreement. Now it's YOU who apparently needs to obvious pointed out to you.  You don't see how the anti-gay side, disagreeing with the pro-gay side, on the issue of gay rights can lead to discrimination??? The anti-gay support for discrimination LEADING TO discrimination???  No, not necessarily. It's ust not that simple, and you know that. I also think it's interesting that you're talking in terms of the WHOLE SIDE rather than individuals, because it's individuals that we're talking about here. If you can't prove to me that any ONE respectful person is a cause, then you don't have a case. That's what you don't get--when you post some article or APA report that says supported discrimination hurts gays, that doesn't prove to me that MY opinions are harming gays. ME. Or any other ONE person. Not the mush of anti-gayism (with ALL it's degrees, respectul or NON-respectful) out there, or however you want to broadly refer to it. "Supported discrimination" is about the discrimination being harmful, NOT the people who respectfully disagree on some area that touches on homosexuality. You're dealing with something so gray an area, and something so non-concrete, it can't be quantified. But go ahead, think that you can quantify it, all the time unable to do so.
I am talking about people who argue over the existence of a discriminatory practice.  So given than that's specifically what you're talking about, should I assume that you don't think someone's moral disagreement over homosexuality causes harm? Because you only seem to want to talk about the discriminatory question.  We also need to remember that what is discriminatory in this is very much a matter of opinion. As well as whether or not the discrimination is warranted.   When it comes to votes in favor of discrimination, or voices which enable discrimination to continue, the "respectfulness" of the voice is irrelevant.  We aren't talking abot voting here. But if you're going to continue with these vague statements like "voices which enable", you need to quantify it and give examples. What constitutes a voice that doesn't enable discrimination to continue? I'm simply not going to let you get away with these vague statements if you insist on making them. Give some specifics and draw the lines.  Are you telling me that you think that if every voice in opposition of gay equality on issues like adoption or gay civil unions were suddenly turned into "respectful opinions", that it would mean the discrimination would cease to exist?  I don't know. That's the point, no one does. You working off an unfounded premise.  You have given no reason why that isn't the case.  It makes no sense that it WOULD be the case to begin with. It makes much MORE sense that the disrespectful and hateful voices would be fueling the "XXXX" gays deal with. ( as you put it)  Moreover, just because MULTIPLE things may cause X to exist, doesn't mean that an individual component of the cause of X is somehow absolved of its part in causing X to exist.  The key word is "MAY" cause, in the first part of your statement. It's funny how you jump to the automatic assumption that those individual components are the cause with a word like "may" in your premise. And then even expect someone to prove they aren't (a negative).  It's funny how you often castigate gays in their fight for equality  Back it up. Where have I castigated gays? Or is that another unbacked claim?  Along those lines, do you disagree with what I ACTUALLY said above?  The little "logic" statement or what?  No. I don't know what you mean as it hasn't been explicitly defined before. "redefining marriage"? That is supported discrimination.   Well, in your opinion. emoticon_xgood   "morally ok"? I personally could care less about.   Really? You could care less that some morally disapprove of homosexuality? Wow! That's quite a statement.  It's funny how you did that. I was talking about just DISAGREEMENT and what issues the DISAGREEMENT revolves around. I said nothing about "respectful". I made no question regarding "respectful". And then you turn around and pretend I need the obvious regarding "respectful disagreement" pointed out.  And for the record Jyoshu, don't think it has gone unnoticed how you suddenly have dropped the "silent disagreement" approach, replacing "silent" with "respectful".  "respectful" has been a part of this from early on, before you even weighed in. We've been talking about opinions that weren't hateful and respectful, and the fact that there is a difference. Let me help you get back on track: Some people respectfully disagree on issues related to homosexuality. The issue is whenever someone does that, it causes harm. Remember now? Please try to keep up.   How do you differentiate a SIGNIFICANT difference between "whole side" and "individuals"?  It's very simple, and it's a very crucial difference. The "whole side" contains both people who are very hateful and obviously harmful, the Phelpsian types. It could be said that it contains people who also disagree on these issues without being hateful, and without being rooted in hate, and respectfully give their opinions. It IS a national debate, after all. I'd say that's a significant difference. Both may disagree that gays should have marriage, but may completely differ in the other details (such as that gays should STILL get couples' benefits). When you focus ONLY on the whole group the whole point of the debate is lost because you'v then added hateful dissenters to the equation, when it's about the non-hateful ones.  This is a mundane refusal to admit the obvious! If 100 people push a brick wall and force it to topple, then it's not just the "whole side" of the 100 people, but each individual person involved bears a responsibility for toppling that brick wall.  Depends! Some of them might not even be pushing, but they may be on that side of the wall--that's the whole point!  And for the record Jyoshu, don't think it has gone unnoticed how you suddenly have dropped the "silent disagreement" approach, replacing "silent" with "respectful".
It can cause harm, depending upon the importance a person places upon a need for moral "agreement" or approval. Your moral agreement means nothing to me. But if a father were to morally disagree with who his son or daughter is, that could have deep and long-lasting repercussions.   If somebody says that somebody is disqualified because they are gay, that is DISCRIMINATION. Jyoshu? Can you give me an example of something you think is debatable with regards to whether or not it is discrimination?  Disagreeing that gays should redefine marriage while still maintaining that they should get couples' benefits. Could possibly be separate-but-equal issue, but debatable in terms of discriminatory. For that matter, I did say "debatebale." Anything is debateable.  Logistically, I simply don't have the time to deal with a debate where every little sentence is nitpicked to death here, so I'm going to respond the rest in a more general way.  Your question about whether discrimination would disappear if a large % of people started respectfully disagreeing is an invalid question because the problems would already have been caused and be in place before they started that. Respectfully disagreeing doesn't necessarily mean opposing the discrimination. But it doesn't necessarily mean CAUSING it either. It's too vague of a situation.  Correcting your "may" oversight is all too convenient. The "may" is more accurate because it's an unproven premise to begin with; your freudian slip was noted.   Since you're focusing on the "criticism" def of "castigate" then I'll accept that and your example, with the understanding that with that def, gay rights people castigate others all the time as well. emoticon_xangel   And finally, the issue (for me) IS respectful disagreement. That's what I consider to be the main problem with your view, esp. given that you've allowed for "silent" disagreement already.
You're missing the HUGE road-block here. Equal DOES NOT EXIST.  Then why oppose a 'separate-but-equal' argument on the basis that there is separatism if that's not what it is? Why even call it that? The "BUT EQUAL" would not be accurate if waht you say is the case, but that's not the basis of your argument against it (or at least it hasn't been up to this point).  THAT is one of the huge problems that existed with the "separate but equal" black schools and white schools. The black schools were left as unequal. Inferior.  Then that's an issue where there was a lack of equality, NOT separate-but-equal. Why would you call it separate-but-equal if that's not what you think it was?  And by analogy, the gays don't even HAVE the schools in most states. In a lot of states, we are FORBIDDEN from having any type of school.  You keep shifting back and forth here where it's convenient .... MY position is for gays to HAVE the school (the benefits), but not calling it marriage.  So telling me "separate but equal" when I'm looking at multiple states that forbid the "equal" portion of that sounds pretty darn shallow.  The only way it is "debatable" is the same way that the shape of the earth is debatable.  Oh please. In your dreams. Last time I checked, gay marriage happens to be one of the biggest debates going on in society right now--I don't know anywhere that the earth's shape is being debated. And it's not like you've been able to show how giving gays couples' benefits would be discriminatory!   You're missing the point jyoshu. If you have Group A fighting FOR issue #1, and Group B fighting AGAINST issue #1, and Group B suddenly disappears leaving no opposition...  But you're ignoring the 800 lb gorilla--group C--that opposes gays in a hateful and non-respectful fashion. THAT'S the group that's the real problem, not the respectful one. That's why it wouldn't matter if group B suddenly disappeared. Get it? Group C would still continue being the prevention to the equality you want because they would still be there.  My question is valid. You can't answer it because it defeats your purpose. I have already demonstrated that the EXISTENCE of discrimination harms gays, so you can't do anything to acknowledge that even "respectful disagreement" helps perpetuate the discrimination which harms gays.  No you haven't! You've only shown that discrimination itself can be harmful; you haven't proven anything in terms of whether those who respectfully disagree with you are perpetuating or causing it. Those are TWO DIFFERENT THINGS.  Furthermore, you're ignoring an important aspect here--that those who respectfully disagree often are also in favor you NOT being discriminated against, but just meeting that goal in other ways than redefining marriage. So your whole idea that respectful disagreement is prepetuating discrimination is unfounded to begin with.   Why don't you just answer the question, even though you'll argue it's invalid, and admit that if EVERYBODY who disagreed with gay equality switched to "respectful disagreement", then the discrimination would still exist ergo the harm to gays would still exist?  Er, becase it's not true. emoticon_xangel You're leaving out a major part of the equation (group C).   Let me guess. This is where I ask you what definition of "castigate" you were using, and like most of my questions to you, you completely ignore it?  The same definition you used.
Quite frankly, the anti-gay marriage is failing to realize that their side is losing points in the polls. Polls with the younger voters demonstrates that most young people SUPPORT gay marriage. The age group most opposed to gay marriage is the OLDEST age group.  Of all the claims that gay marriage proponents make, this is one of the siliest, because it amounts to nothing substantial. When polls say what you claim, yet ballot initiative after ballot initiative in state after state clearly shows rejection of gay marriage, the polls obviously mean very little. Particularly when marriage is dealt with on a state-by-state basis (marriage benefits are provided by states, not the federal level.) Not to mention that some states are moving to ban it altogether (even civil unions). I think you aren't being realistic.  Quite frankly, I think the anti-gay marriage side should wise up and realize that their best hope at preventing gay marriage is to give an alternative.  Really? You'd actually consider alternatives to give gays couples' benefits? That sure doesn't seem to jibe with your history here which doesn't seem to be open alternatives. emoticon_xangel
Jyoshu, ballot initiatives are not the same as scientific polls. Ballot initiatives are only those who are motivated to vote on a specific issue, and are not the broad cross-section a scientific opinion poll represents.  Indeed they are not the same as a "scientific" poll (in the sense they are conduct much differently), but in fact the ballot initiative carries MORE weight in that it helps determine legislation.   And people can vote in a way that opposes ballot initiatives that ban gay marriage, so it's in fact NOT only for those motivated to vote on a specific issue.
So if I came to your house to protest your marriage, your childs wedding to protest their marriage  That's not just expressing an opinion. It's being disrespectful. There's a difference. No one is disagreeing with you that people should be respectful in the way they express opinion. The issue though, is that they still should be able to express opinion.  , or started a petition drive to target you and your marriage, would you still feel the same way?  That example doesn't belong with the others, because it's not just expressing opinion, but trying to enact change. But regardless, I could care less if you started a petition drive to target me and my marriage. Go for it; and see how far you get. emoticon_xgood
And telling people they can't get the same benifits as other couples who love each other solely based on the person they love isn't disrespectful? That's pretty sad, Jyoshu.  I think it depends on their motivations. People aren't necessarily out to deny benefits, but simply to abide by their religious beliefs and avoid abandoning them. And when I say respectful, I mean in the sense that they voice their opinions in a respectful way. And I'd be careful if I were you with the tactic of trying to make the very opinion itself out to be disrespectful by even giving an opinion because, with that logic, your opponents can also make the argument that the gay marriage stance is disrespectful toward religion! So you see, that tactic can go both ways. The best thing to do is to abide by the good 'ole respectful standard that everyone is entitled to their opinion and let the debate carry on. If your position is truly sound and correct, you shouldn't need to worry about the debate and have to resort to tricks like that.
So you are making the aurguement that their religious beliefs are more important then mine? That I have to subordinate my life because of their religious beliefs?   You are fully free to work toward seeing your views be enacted. Just as they are free to work toward their views being enacted. That's the beauty of the system we live in. And that's what scares me about your position: that it seems to want to subvert democracy.  So also that they make a stance against my marriage at the ballot box that is ok but then if I make a stance against their marriage in the public right a way that is wrong? Are you saying that because they have religious beliefs I have to adhere to them? Are you saying that heterosexuals in the majority must make the rules for my life and that is the right thing to do?  I told you, you can make whatever stance you want. You are completely free to make a stance against anyone's marriage. I wouldn't vote to take away your rights, but at the same time, the right for a society to decide what is important is crucial; otherwise we run the risk of monarchy or oligarchy. You task is to convince society of your views, not to remove society's ability to set up whatever laws it deems important.
Actually, I'd say that the MAJORITY of people against gay civil rights ARE out "to deny benefits", and it has little to do with ACTUAL "religious beliefs".  The bible can be interpreted as telling CHRISTIANS to not engage in sodomy, but nowhere does it say that they should prevent others from engaging in sodomy.  The bible doesn't tell people to fight against gay employment discrimination legislation.  The bible doesn't tell people that gays shouldn't be able to adopt.  You miss the point. The point is that they THINK they are doing what God wants, regardless of what other interpretations there are out there. THEY believe they are following their religion, so for all intents and purposes, they are. The issue isn't whether Christianity, in actuality, calls on them to do so. The issue is that THEIR religion (which in fact isn't Christian so much at all) is apparently to carry out social activism the way they do.  Cause if Jane hurt John when Jane punched John, then obviously Jane can argue that John hurt Jane when Jane punched John. Makes PERFECT sense!!! :xbanghead   The only "disrespect" would be if we told them that they COULD NOT practice their religious beliefs in THEIR lives. Because they ARE telling us that we cannot get married.  Foundit, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about giving one's opinion in a respecful way. One can state their views in a way that is civil. Whether or not the opinion given itself is respectful is not the issue I'm talking about. What you're talking about is whether or not the opinion is offensive. That has to be evaluated on the merits of the opinion ITSELF, not the way it was presented. Surely you understand the difference.
There are those here who seem positively enraptured by slinging the B-word about. They hurl it with great abandon like a gibbon casting his own effluence at passers-by. Unfortunately the marksmanship of these folks has been about as effective as the proverbial effluence flinging monkey: no targets have been hit, and none of the missiles appear to be sticking to anything. Moreover, like the monkey missiles, the word itself says less about the target and more about the hurler.   Granted, watching monkeys hurl their own processed food about can be entertaining, particularly for those of similar reasoning powers as the hurler, but it does get tiresome to those capable of higher endeavors. Most participants seem to engage in their hurling to impress their fellow hurlers with no real regard to the negative effects of the action. After all, a monkey is not liable to change your viewpoint about primates based on the volume of excrement he hurls your way, but he may impress his fellow monkeys with the distance he can throw. Some of you are displaying a dazzling talent for distance excrement throwing but in the end, you are still dabbling in a rather unpleasant medium.  Respectfully submitted to the primates on both sides of the cage.
What I hate about self-righteous neocon christian fascists is their absolutely stupid view of the world. If the west had left the middle east only following WWI we would not be in the position we are today. If the west had pursued energy independence 70 years ago, we'd not be where we are today.  Bush's immoral and illegal war is all about OIL. Once the Iraqi government passes the law that makes the OIL assessible to the international oil companies that Bush and his crime family are part of, then the war will be won in their minds.  Why rightwing fascists like Archie can't see beyond the length of their nose is part of the problem in America today. Iraq was not a threat to America before 2003. But because of Bush's arrogance and stupidity, there are today thousands more who wish death to America. Imperalism is not a system that can win. Sorry, loser.   My my, count the labels in this post: self righteous, neocon, fascists, stupid. And that's just in the first sentence. What an effective way to begin an argument. Let's hear it for the compassion of the left. Perhaps a review of the facts would be instructive at this point:   "Now, I believe the facts that have brought us to this fateful vote are not in doubt. Saddam Hussein is a tyrant who has tortured and killed his own people, even his own family members, to maintain his iron grip on power. He used chemical weapons on Iraqi Kurds and on Iranians, killing over 20 thousand people. Unfortunately, during the 1980's, while he engaged in such horrific activity, he enjoyed the support of the American government, because he had oil and was seen as a counterweight to the Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran.   In 1991, Saddam Hussein invaded and occupied Kuwait, losing the support of the United States. The first President Bush assembled a global coalition, including many Arab states, and threw Saddam out after forty-three days of bombing and a hundred hours of ground operations. The U.S.-led coalition then withdrew, leaving the Kurds and the Shiites, who had risen against Saddam Hussein at our urging, to Saddam's revenge.   As a condition for ending the conflict, the United Nations imposed a number of requirements on Iraq, among them disarmament of all weapons of mass destruction, stocks used to make such weapons, and laboratories necessary to do the work. Saddam Hussein agreed, and an inspection system was set up to ensure compliance. And though he repeatedly lied, delayed, and obstructed the inspections work, the inspectors found and destroyed far more weapons of mass destruction capability than were destroyed in the Gulf War, including thousands of chemical weapons, large volumes of chemical and biological stocks, a number of missiles and warheads, a major lab equipped to produce anthrax and other bio-weapons, as well as substantial nuclear facilities.   In 1998, Saddam Hussein pressured the United Nations to lift the sanctions by threatening to stop all cooperation with the inspectors. In an attempt to resolve the situation, the UN, unwisely in my view, agreed to put limits on inspections of designated "sovereign sites" including the so-called presidential palaces, which in reality were huge compounds well suited to hold weapons labs, stocks, and records which Saddam Hussein was required by UN resolution to turn over. When Saddam blocked the inspection process, the inspectors left. As a result, President Clinton, with the British and others, ordered an intensive four-day air assault, Operation Desert Fox, on known and suspected weapons of mass destruction sites and other military targets.   In 1998, the United States also changed its underlying policy toward Iraq from containment to regime change and began to examine options to effect such a change, including support for Iraqi opposition leaders within the country and abroad.   In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members, though there is apparently no evidence of his involvement in the terrible events of September 11, 2001.   It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons. Should he succeed in that endeavor, he could alter the political and security landscape of the Middle East, which as we know all too well affects American security."  The above speech was made by the self-righteous neocon fascist Junior Senator from New York Hillary Clinton.  Now this presents a problem for ye. If Bush is indeed stupid he was at least clever enough to convince a democratic presidential front runner of the danger. That susceptibility to persuasion would say something about that junior senator's faculties would it not? It also gives one pause to consider that the left blames Bush for the high price of gasoline on the one hand while dismissing the war as one about oil. The left also opposes any and all attempts to explore domestic energy by opposing nuclear power, development of ANWR and off-shore drilling. Thanks to democratic opposition not one new refinery faciity has been constructed during my lifetime. Not one. Now, Speaker Pelosi would slap the oil companies with an "excessive profits tax". Way to encourage domestic energy Frau Nancy!  Oh, and do try to be a little bit more civil. Your propensity to call your opponents "losers" says far more about your insecurities than it does about your opponents. Let's try to keep things above the 100 IQ mark shall we?
There is also an ID forum elsewhere here for those who want to discuss that. :)
The problem for the christianists   One question that I just can't help but ask ...  What the heck is a "Christianist"?
Please tell me how living a lie (pretending to be straight) or isolation is healthy? What kind loving God would ask it? Sounds like you worship a dick. The only self-destructive gays I have known are the ones buried in the closet.  OK folks: Could we maybe go to our respective corners for a breather? I don't see this getting constructive any time in the near future. It would appear that Archangel is not about to convert Jito wheras I don't believe you will advance very far with the worshipping a **** angle.   Perhaps we could nip this one in the bud and resume the discussion at a more civilized level? We could go back to calling each other sinners and bigots like old friends once everyone has cooled down a bit?  Respectfully,
I understand that most Christians do not promote hate and oppression. Some do....the Ku Klux Klan comes to mind. Some of the extremist anti-gay Christian groups clearly promote hate and oppression. But most Christians do not. Some may not know much about gay people, and that's what we are trying to change just by talking with folks. Many gay people are Christians. I am Unitarian Universalist, which is not Christian exactly, but we have Christian roots, and we work in coalition with Christians from other churches on issues like peacemaking, ending the death penalty, combating hunger and homelessness.  My observation is that religious people who oppose gay rights (to varying degrees) can be categorized into 3 basic groups ... [*]Religion-justified hate groups (e.g. KKK, Phelps)[*]Groups that oppose some degree of gay rights and cultural acceptance because of genuine religious belief and not because of hate (and do not lash out or attack gays)[*]Groups that only marginally oppose gay rights and cultural acceptance of gays and would eliminate any opposition upon hearing your message ('just by talking with folks') I believe your post doesn't take into account the second category, and my opinion is that by-far most people who do not give full acceptance and claim religion as the reason fall under the second category. Because these people place such importance on religious belief and doctrine, I think it is unlikely you will do much to change their mind. The only way you can do it is to somehow convince then that homosexual relationships are compatible with their religious texts/beliefs. And then you're really doing little more than giving an unconventional interpretation.
In Chris Hedges new book on the Christian Right, he describes a group called Dimionists whose goal is to make America into a Christian theocracy and then dominate the world. People like Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell, and James Dobson, Antony Scalia, are in this group. They are to be feared and they need to be defeated.   Re Dobson and Robertson (and maybe Falwell) I'd put them somewhere betweeen 1 and 2, probably closer to 2.  The Southern Baptists are also part of this conspiracy, according to Hedges. I wonder if Baptists in TN are part of this group.emoticon_confused  emoticon_confused I'm afraid I wouldn't know.
I've actually brought that up numerous times in the past, and the anti-gay "christians" tend to just ignore that. I will consider anti-gay "christians" to be absolute hypocrites until I see them begin to support constitutional amendments and laws that stop divorce, and prevent divorcees from remarrying. After all, divorce is actually something that Jesus talked about (he didn't even give a single mention to gays).  I agree that, all things considered, the idea that heterosexual marriage would be somehow damaged is a pretty poor and unfounded reason to oppose gay marriage. Even with the Kurtz article that Ohioprof brought up earlier, it's nothing more than circumstantial evidence.
I want to know how gay marrige harms heterosexuals. And I want some solid evidence. I don't care what your moral, or religious beliefs are, because that is irrelevant. I don't care about your personal opinion about gays. I want to know EXACTLY how you are harmed, and I want it backed up. Doing the electric slide around logic by using arguments like "if we allow gays to marry, then whats to say that we won't let people marry dogs?". Well, that logic could be applied to any law. In fact, why let anyone have rights at all? And if you're going to throw around statements like "marrige is between 1 man and 1 woman", then I want to see evidence of this. I can't see any anywhere.  So again, where is your solid, logical evidence for your views?  This is a good question. I think government should get out of the "mariage" thing all together but that is another story. Given that government HAS interjected itself into marriage already, the obvious problems would be economic. Now, suddenly, business will be required to include benefits for people that they had not previously included (in order to be fair). Doing so greatly increases the cost of doing business which will ultimately greatly increase the cost of my purchases. Also, in the social service industry which is heavily funded through government contracts, there will be increases to the costs of those services which will likely increase my taxes. So I will take home less and pay more for the stuff I need.  I do not think it is a slippery slope to consider where such legislation will lead? Clearly men and women "fit" biologically for procreation. Clearly homosexual behavior does not "fit" biologically speaking. It is irrelevant if it is morally wrong or right. To encourage such things (and I distinguish encourage from simply condoning or accepting) is a dangerous ground to tread. You are correct that many laws have already gone down that path but that does not mean they are good. It is one thing to legislate to protect rights that are "inherent" to the individual. It is another thing to change the definition of what is inherent. Not that we should not do that from time to time; abolition of slavery is a good example of when we changed that and its economic consequences were indeed severe, but we must carefully weigh each item for discussion. The abolition of slavery, in part, led to a massive war. The cost was very high. Is this something that really is worth such a cost.  I personally do not know. I do know people who are gay, and I like them very much. I know some who do not support gay marriage and some who do.  I have no real conclusion. Just observation.  Huck
"Today, 57 percent of the American public believes homosexuality should be sanctioned as an acceptable alternative lifestyle"  I could care less what gays want to do--it's their life, after all, but I find the wording of this really curious. How the heck is something like that to be "sanctioned"? A token govt. policy? Special recognition? And I also find it odd that no one here (so far) is balking at the use of the term "lifestyle" by the article. Is the "L" word ok when it's being used in an article giving news that gay people want to hear?
The initial post said that I find the term 'lifestyle' bothersome. I contribute it's use to the source really (the christian post)  That's odd; I don't remember seeing that when I first read your post. Perhaps you edited it and I happened to read it right before the edit? Anyway, my bad. Nevertheless, the idea of "sanctioning" it seems strange. And frankly, after seeing how worked up some here have gotten over the "L" word, I sort of expected a windfall of condemnation.
Ah, traditional moral values, eh? Would that include treating women as property, witch-burnings, slavery, etc.? Because all of those were traditional moral values of this country originally  Not really. 'Traditional values' is normally used to describe the belief people have that some things are immoral. You're comparing things people once considered allowable in a conversation about things people consider wrong. Thinking slavery and witch burning was ok is a totally different paradigm than thinking a certain behavior is immoral (NOT ok). Apples and oranges.
So you are claiming that all of the hundreds and hundreds of slaveowners did not believe that owning their slaves was moral, but merely "ok"?  I think you missed the point of what I was saying. You're using an example of something people DID to exemplify the issue of people saying "DON'T." It's a poor argument. If you're going to vilify the moral view that gay behavior is wrong, then you'd be more effective to come up with something people were against at one time, and compare it. Maybe people being against interracial marriage at one time. Or against blacks getting equal treatment. But comparing apples and oranges by invoking an example of something people DID isn't very compelling.  Furthermore, why should we go with your examples of bad morality from history, rather that examples of good morality?  What about the whole "3/5ths a human" thing? As to witch burning, they thought it was not only okay, but moral, and in fact COMMANDED by their bible.  So? It was still a much different type of "moral view" than what we're discussing. And that it was commanded by the Bible (which is in the OT by the way, not the New) carries no weight whatsoever here.
And as to the "moral view that gay behaviour is wrong", there is nothing moral about it - it is bigotry or fear pure and simple (it might not be the person's fault that they fear that way, what with their christian indoctrination, but is bigotry or fear all the same).  If it's "bigotry", then it's harmless in that form. Believing in an admonition from the Bible that a "man shouldn't lie with a man" is not bigotry in a malevolent sense. Preventing others by law from doing so, or oppressing them IS. There is big distinction between personal belief and acting upon it.  The definition of 'bigot' is "somebody with strong opinions, especially on politics, religion, or ethnicity, who refuses to accept different views" (http://encarta.msn.com/encnet/features/dictionary/DictionaryResults.aspx?search=bigotry). Given your strong opinions and refusal to accept my view thats different, that means you're a bigot. It's funny how people that throw that word around so much thinking they are saying something profound often fit the criteria of it themselves. :)
calls for amendments to deny gays equal rights as couples, and attempts to keep hate crimes toward gays from being prosecuted just as any other hate crimes, and attempts to keep gays from being able to adopt children, and attempts to make it so that you can disriminate against gays in housing, etc.) If you think that the bigotry that takes that form is NOT harmless, well, I'm done with you.  Did you not read my post at all? Did I not just say "Preventing others by law from doing so, or oppressing them IS [malevolent bigotry]?"
And yet your post seems to imply that you are trying to say that the "malevolent bigotry" is the minority in this case.  Do you not realize that the people who are actually trying to pass laws and do that really are a vocal minority? I see no reason to think otherwise.
Jyohsu: Do you think the social exclusion of gays is harmful, even in more subtle ways than formal amendments to laws? How would heterosexuals feel if they were excluded, shown bias or prejudice, or treated in a different way, just because of their sexuality?  I think that is a different debate than peoples' religious beliefs about homosexual behavior. Part of the problem is that these two debates so often get conflated. If people are being shown exclusion, bias, and prejudice, then sure, that's wrong. But I'd be curious to hear your examples of "bias" here. Nevertheless, that has no bearing on whether or not people should be able to have religious beliefs concerning homosexual behavior.  There are gay people who live lies by pretending to be heterosexual or have a hard time coming out because they are terrified of their family's or society's disapproval, prejudice, or worse. I would say that is harmful.  Well, again, this is really a different issue. A family should be open and honest, and willing to listen and discuss things regardless of their beliefs about the behavior. Kids should know that even if their parents don't agree with homosexual behavior, they would never punish, hate, or think badly of their children and would always still love them no matter what they did.
Are people supposed to "agree" with heterosexual behavior? I find that expression "agree with homosexual behavior" a bit confusing  Just means agree or disagree that it's ok morally. Prob not the best term for conveying the concept, but oh well  I would agree with this but it isn't what happens in the real world.   Well, it should be. And it works correctly in our family just fine.
You've had members of your family come out as gay? Did you tell them that it was ok, just that you "disagree" with their behavior?  No, I mean when there are areas of disagreement, even with very personal things, we always make it a point to make sure that we love our children and accept them no matter what they do. We haven't had a situation specifically like you're talking about, but if we did we'd approach it with no less love and acceptance.
Such hulabaloo over a word like "disagree". Fine, I'm more than willing to correct any misunderstanding in terminology to avoid this silly distraction from the point of what we were talking about. Semantics soup, anyone? Good grief. Oh and, I don't know if some folks here have been living under a rock or something, but there certainly has been plenty of "up in arms", i.e. moral disagreement ... whoops! ... rather, believing it's wrong .... over pornography. And while we're setting the record straight here, might as well also point out that no one was talking about promoting "having the government legally bar" anything.
Why is it different simply because it is religion, jyoshu?  Who said the difference was because of religion? Whatever the reason, if someone doesn't act on their belief, what concern then is it of yours? For that matter, how do you even know people that you are around every day (and never make an issue of you being gay) don't really have qualms with homosexual behavior, and just respect you enough not to take issue with you on it?   Yes, it's that "no matter what", "even though", or "we love you anyway", part that still makes it a more difficult environment for gays than it is for straight people.  Look, you ask too much if you expect people to flip a switch and give up their religious beliefs about behaviors in society. People can't undo this overnight. Nor should they, necessarily, if they don't act on their beliefs in any way. You not only want gays to not experience harm (which is reasonable on your part), you are intolerant of even concern or people debating it in their hearts and minds. I think you're being entirely unrealistic here. Your thinking doesn't jibe with people even being human! With all due respect, I think you're going to have to be content with families loving each other despite their differences. You don't get to dictate peoples' very thoughts.  It is in spite of the fact of their child's gay sexuality that they love the child. It is still saying something negative about the child's sexuality and the open expression of it.  The problem is that you always get hung up on belief over the morality of a certain behavior and always think it's a value judgment on the person. It's not. But I've been debating you long enough to know you're not going to be open-minded to what I'm telling you.
You keep going back to religion, and wonder why I believe this is just about religion. People do change their beliefs. It's not unrealistic to present a logical argument or a new piece of knowledge and expect people to change their minds on an issue. I'm not dictating, I am not calling for legislation. You can call me a bigot to a viewpoint and to people who do not accept gay people or acting gay, for no reason other than "it's what I think", if you wish. I'm ok with that label.  That's correct; it's not unrealistic to present a "logical argument" and some change their minds. But you shouldn't hold it against those that don't, either. Just as there are orthodox Jews who still maintain their belief that pork shouldn't be eaten in the face of logical arguments, the same applies here. Whether this is 'just about religion', I don't know. There may be people out there that believe homosexual behavior isn't moral for reasons that aren't religious, I suppose. But whether it's religion or not, it seems somewhat irrelevant to me.  Ask a straight person to not act straight, and say it's not a value judgment on their person.  But we aren't talking about "asking" someone to not act "straight" or gay. We're talking about an internal belief here. It's not like you're limiting your argument over just people 'asking' others to not act a certain way. That's not what I'm talking about here. If someone happens to disagree on this issue over the behavior, that doesn't mean they're asking them to change or not act a certain way.   In the real world, gays learn they will have disapproval if they do not act on what? Not our intelligence, not our empathy, but that part of our person that is homosexually oriented.  Then that is wrong. They should be given 'approval' regardless of people believe their actions aren't moral. So, I agree they should get approval.   How do you tell someone not to act on something, or disapprove of something ...  2 totallty differen't concepts there in the same sentence. Telling someone not to act on something is not the same as disapproving of something. This is what you aren't getting!
I am a non-pork eater, for reasons other than religion. I would hold it against the majority pork-eaters if, due to behaviour as a non-pork eater, they excluded me, didn't accept me, the only reason being that it's their belief.   You keep trying to talk about something here that I'm not talking about. It has nothing to do with what I'm saying. I already told you, people shouldn't 'exclude' you from things just because of you homosexual behavior (or nature too, for that matter). Why do you keep conflating two different issues here? You don't just stop at wanting them to stop excluding you; you've rather made it clear you are intolerant of them even disagreeing with you on this subject. That's what I find unrealistic on your part.   You can't disapprove of acting on homosexuality, without disapproving of what it is one is acting upon, namely one's homosexuality.  Hogwash. Pure hogwash. I have yet to see anyone explain why the issue of homosexual behavior is apparently the only issue in the world, out of all issues, that can't be disagreed on it terms of morality. It's unrealistic to expect that. Why should your issue get a free pass from any disagreement or debate on the basis of you taking it as disapproval toward YOU? Like it or not, this is a debate issue, and this is a debate forum! If you don't want it even disagreed on, then I would think you'd be quite busy trying to email the moderators of this website and all other debate forums to convince to strike gay rights and homosexuality-related issues from their debates. You clearly don't want it debatable. I've said this before, but for goodness' sake, grow some skin! If you take it personally, then that's your fault. Most everyone else in the world is quite capable of discussing social issues without it being personal, even if it's an issue of something they're doing. I just don't get why someone is incapable of hearing that someone believes it's not moral for them to have sex without taking it as a personal affront and insult. The idea people can't debate without taking it personally is such a foreign concept to me. Do you actually think that if someone told me they believed it was immoral for me to have sexual relations with a person of the opposite sex I'd take it as disapproval of me as a person??? Good grief no. Do you not realize the problem lies with you (in that you are too easily taking it personally), rather than everyone else? The debate is going to go on. Get used to it; it's not going away. You might as well stop being so easily offended and accept reality, and grow some skin.
The issue for me is the basis of the disagreement. Moral codes are debatable, but it is you who does not want your moral code on gay behaviour, debated. I don't see why you should disagree with someone else's gay behaviour that doesn't affect you.   Why not? There are many, many examples of things you and everyone else debates that don't effect them. Do you think people shouldn't debate abortion unless they've had an abortion? Do you think if you're not in the military you shouldn't be able to debate DADT? You have some rather unusual views on debate and discussion. Our system doesn't work that way.
We can debate all those issues, and people on both sides will give reasons why their view is the moral or right view.  Exactly.  Why do you think people should debate someone else's sexuality, in this case, gay sexuality? Who does that sexuality affect other than the person using his or her own sexuality and the willing partner of the same sexuality?  It doesn't affect anyone else. But so what? Like I said, there are many, many issues that we debate that don't affect us. Again, just because you've never had an abortion (or can't) doesn't mean you can't have an opinion and debate the issue of abortion. (And remember, I don't disagree with you that people have a sexual orientation anyway. I'm not debating that.)
Since we're debating issues that don't affect us, let's talk about the melting polar ice caps on Mars!  Cool, but there's another forum for that. emoticon_xgood
I'm glad you agree. Now, tell me the reasons you disagree with gay sexuality in action, since you want to debate.  My view that gay sexual behavior is immoral is because of my religion. But again, I wouldn't impose anything as a result of it. I would not support any sort of law against it.  Why do people feel the need to disagree with gay sexual actions, when it only involves the two parties who have the sexuality and are acting on it?  Who knows? Maybe there are many reasons, but it seems to me the point is that people are free to have their opinions, and that's just life. I'm sure there are people that would (and maybe do) think that there are things I do that are bad too. I don't let it bother me.  The reality is the people involved do face social disapproval.  Then fight social disapproval rather than conflate 2 issues here. I don't argue with you on this; in fact I'm against you having social disapproval.   There are things we should disapprove of for good reasons, but what are the ethics involved in contributing to a social reality where a group of people face more difficulty of any kind for actions which are related to an important part of who they are, and which have no bearing on anyone else's life?  I don't follow what you're saying here.  Glibly saying, "suck it up" or "learn to deal with it", as you do, is not an argument. It's also an acknowledgment on your part that real people are involved, not the very idealistic total separation of the action from the person, as people are being hurt/facing more difficulty and you discount or mock that fact.  Huh? I haven't mocked anything. I'm just saying, like it or not, this issue is a big debate in society. You're being completely unrealistic in trying to avoid any separating between disapproval over an action, and passing judgment on people. You're up against peoples' natural tendency to have opinions on things here, and that's just something that always going to be there, because people are human beings. Frankly, I find this line of reasoning of yours rather disturbing. It seems to be a common tactic of some here--to equate disagreement on the morality of an action with judgment and hate toward a person. What's disturbing is that it a.) comes across (to me anyway) as an attempt to undercut debate and discussion on these issues; and, b.) it is simply an unreasonable approach. By that I mean it just isn't using reason to think people are incapable of disagreeing with you without hating or passing judgment on you. I can think of many, many examples of behaviors people disagree with morally in society, and yet it's not passing judgment on the person to believe that way.   My ethics say we have an obligation to be accepting of different people, different customs, different ways of living and acting, and to make things easier, not harder, in a world that can be cruel, where such is possible, and where there is not a good reason to act otherwise.  Well sure! I see no problems with that.
A friend informed me of this site, expressing enthusiasm of it. So I visited and joined. I am amazed of sorts. For me, if I do not agree with someone's life, I simply just avoid him/her - at the same time letting he or she just live the life they desire. If it is not harmful to me, so be it. It is odd to me to read of the ongoing interjection here.   Welcome. But one thing I've never gotten is when people come to a debate forum and assert in some way that people shouldn't be debating. You are certainly free to take it up with the moderators if you don't think homosexuality-related matters should be a topic here. It seems to me that if you don't want the topic debated, that's the best course of action.  How detrimental is it that we love who we love? How detrimental is it that we love how we love? I do not impose my life on anyone. So I am interested to know. Where is the detriment?   Who ever said 'detriment' had to be the reason for disagreement?
Next week on CNN they are doing a series called "God's Soldiers". It is a three part series. The first day they will discuss Jews in Isreal, the next day they will discuss Muslims and how they want to make Islam the law of the land and will also talk about muslim terrorists, and the third night will be about fundamentalist Christians in the US and how they are trying make government/society follow Christian principles. It should be interesting.  It annoys me that they even include the Christian fundies in with the first two, because the Christian fundies aren't conducting acts of terror and killing to "make government/society follow Christian principles"; in fact they are following the normal U.S. process of democracy to do so that everyone else in our country does. They are simply doing what any special interest would to do (no matter what the ideaology)--vote and influence govt. policy. That's what democracy involves. One of the greatest lies that has come out of the anti-Christian movement is that they basically shouldn't be allowed to take part in democracy.  Typical of CNN, though.
One of the greatest lies that has come out of the anti-Christian movement is that they basically shouldn't be allowed to take part in democracy.Except that in the US, the law is pretty clear that the government is not permitted to be Christian. This is different than Israel or Islam where the government can be based on religious beliefs. What the fundies are doing in promoting something that is clearly unconstitutional. They can and should preach to PEOPLE about their beliefs, because that is their right - to try and convert PEOPLE. But to preach that the government should be Christianity based is where we as society in the US must draw the line. To give that right to the government would be disastrous for this country where we have religous freedom.   They have every right to take part in democracy, but no right to demand that the government take part in Christianity.
Except that in the US, the law is pretty clear that the government is not permitted to be Christian.  Yes but wanting your morals to be enacted into policy doesn't make the govt. Christian. It's really no different than any other group wanting their views enacted into policy.
What morals might they be that don't already exist in law?  Regulating the killing of unborn babies, for instance.
I don't want anyone's "views" or "morals" to be legislated. I want laws to clearly enhance, protect and/or define our rights - nothing more.  How do you think laws get made, Jito? By people voting in who they think would make the law they think are best--legislators. If you vote, then YOU work to get your views legislated. That's the way the system works. Or maybe you vote to support candidates that prefer LESS legislation, but if so that's still you trying to get your views into government.
Your anti-Christian hate speech doesn't bode well for your side.   Where's your vaunted liberal "tolerance" and "inclusiveness"?  In all fairness it did seem like they interviewed the dumbest people they could. It was almost as bad as the speech Michael Vick gave early today.
I take it you consider that the bronze age spartans were a bunch of homsexuals and that their patriotism was due to their wish to run off into the woods together as a bunch of male buddies! What does that tell us about gays serving in the military - might be a good idea considering that those immoral bronze age buddies managed to hold of the Persians at Thermopyale for a few days. We could use a few batallions or division of those fellas right now. Perhaps we could form special divisions - the Fighting Homos or something like it. After all we are basically up against the Persians once more and they probably remember what happened to em last time out.  The Fighting Homos! I love it. Go team!   Fighting homos, you are swell  Homo, homo, sexuellle!
We gay men need to suduce the men and the lesbians need to suduce the women. Lets see if we can drive those divorce rates up to 60%, 75%, or even 90%.  Could I possibly persuade you to send a lesbian to seduce me instead?
Now, y'all don't be too rough on poor little Matthew. There's nothin' wrong with him that thirty years of intense, 24 hour per day therapy can't cure. Take up a collection and hire him some professional help.
Should Evolution be removed from Education ?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/creationism_evolution.HTM
Oh dear.  Do you actually know what a scientist means when they call something a "theory"? Because it seems to me that you do not. The concept of gravity is "only a theory", yet oddly enough I don't see anyone trying to say that we should stop accepting the existence of the force of gravity because of this.   The SCIENTIFIC theory of Evolution is a scientific theory that has been and continues to be extensively researched and developed. It should be taught in schools.  Creationism (or Intelligent Design) is not a scientific theory, and is not supported by any evidence. If it must be allowed into schools at all it should be confined to the religious studies classroom, not the science laboratory.   This is an old thread.. Don't expect an answer from Patriot, it looks like the last time he posted here was in 2003.
No, there is not. If there were, they've been overruled by the courts. However, there are court rulings saying that creationism cannot be taught in public schools.Maybe he got that turned around. He is after all...
LOL. He's probably a mellow troll. He joined this December. The dislexia seems like more than coincidence.
Do you believe that human and dinosaur tracks exist together in limestone bedrock ?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/creationism_footprints.HTM
Interesting. What is the geological explanation for this?
Is faith the basis of both creation and evolution or is there solid, unrefutable evidence for either?
In responce to one of gilligan's posts I started this thread:  http://www.youdebate.com/vBulletin/showthread.php?s=&threadid=260  Karl~  I could go with 2 b (1), (2), or the first part of 3 for the definition I would apply to this question.  And applying any, as you have noted, shows that BOTH creation and evolution are religions. Would this be an accurate statement?
Lurch~  In order to apply your responces to the definitions, you would have to prove that evolution (the process by which all things existing were created) is scientific. The point of this thread is to show that both creation and evolution have to be accepted by faith, and thus both are religions.
Some sort of global flood did occur, didn't it? I seem to recall the Discovery Channel presenting lots of evidence that it did.
This isn't the creationism vs. evolution discussion guys. I don't know, but I've heard the theory of an ameobia crawling on to land and mating w/ some other type of creature, and so on and so forth util animals mated there way to human beings..... I know it sound silly, I didnt say I believed it, I just heard it.
:p
Why did you just bring back a four year old thread? Because you introduced him to the definition of "internet troll". It's all your fault!! ;)
*sigh* why would I do that lesz, I'm seeking the truth, not a fairy tale or a lie.  You'd do that because you are looking for the truth. Or... ?
God created life very similar to the way it is now. Most of evolution is BOGUS!  You keep making these statements in all these old threads, but you have yet to even attempt to defend your point. Do you plan on doing so, or are you just a typical Hovindite troll?
Did other planets in other solar systems exist before science discovered them? If you say 'yes' then you'd have to recognise that there are things that ARE before they ARE SCIENTIFIC...  When do you think "science" discovered them?  Certainly they were known to the ancients. The word planet is derived from planetes in greek meaning "wanderer", since their motion was so different from the stars.
hello montalban, I don't usually post, just read what other people are saying. The reason for this is I feel I do not know enough about either subject (I am a programming nerd) to enter into a good debate. But I did have something I would like to bring up that I read and see if you have ideas about what it means. Let us just say for example that you are right and that a circle = sphere.   Revelation 7:1 "And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree."  Isaiah 11:12 "And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth."  A globe or sphere does not have four corners, for that matter neither does a circle unless you are talking about its plane, which in my opinion I think they are. It almost sounds like they are talking about the earth as a square or rectangle, again, unless they are talking about the plane of a circle. So how could they mean sphere when it actually says circle as well as having more support for it being a flat circle with those 2 passages above suggesting they meant circle? Just curious.
I'm not saying a circle = sphere.  I simply suggested that a sphere can be described as circular.   Granted, but wouldn't it have been better had they used the word circular instead of circle?   Secondly, if you have a map of the world, you have four corners.   You are right, I don't know why I didn't think of that myself.
My beliefs don't involve global floods for which that is no evidence.   What about the layer of coal surounding earth?
[QUOTE=Demon38]I think it is a strong arguement simply because life is more complex than anything we creative and intelligent humans can match, therefore the most sensible beleif would be that life was created. Your statements seem to indicate that we now know a very detailed history of evolution. I was not aware of this, please give me some examples.   Take a look at the fossils for reptile to mammal evolution, or the evolution of the whale, or human evolution. I think examples such as these and hundreds more overwhelmingly support the theory of evolution. Incremental changes, selected for by the environment over generations can radically change organisms, complexity can dramatically increase. And while we can see many of the mechanisms of evolution at work, there is still no evidence of supernatural intervention. QUOTE]  Which books or websites can i find this information?
Bwahahahahahahahaha!  So I can't ask questions now?
By all means! But don't go around making unsubstantiated assertions.  How was that an assertion? I said an I quote: --- What about the layer of coal surounding earth? ---  Is there a layer of coal surounding the earth or not? I mean I know not every inch of the earth but I didn't mean to imply that. How did this coal get there? I am actually genuienly curious because I've heard a lot of different things about it. I'm not even sure what was funny about that question....
We mortals cannot think as God. We cannot fathom the workings of God's consciousness. We make mistakes when we try to interpret "what God thinks."  It is easy for me to understand that just because a happening was predicted, does not mean it was caused by the predictor.  Just because God knew long ago what you would be doing does not mean that God caused you to do it. You have free will. God just knows in every case how you will exercise that free will.  And how do you know that in light of your first paragraph?
anyway, creation and other differing concepts of the origin of the universe will always be in opposition, simply because they are differing. you cannot accept that God created the world in 6 days and at the same time accept that the world exploded into being over a 15 billion year period   But that is creationISM, many christians accept the concept that God created the world through natural means and therefore His work can be studied through natural methods (science).
To get back to the original question posed, I'm not sure why it does have to be creation vs evolution however I don't even think that creation vs evolution is really debated about that often. Usually it is a matter of religion vs science and in that case there can only be one correct answer.
First let me state I'm a staunch believer in creationism. But everyone here seems to call the Theory of Evolution "science". But its not scientifically proven and can never be proven, nor can Creationism. Both are accepted by belief alone. To be scientifically proven something has to be able to be re-created for testing purposes. So since we can't re-create the supposed "Big Bang" or the 7-days of creation, neither can be scientifically proven nor scientifically excepted (even though scientists do take sides based on evidence they find).   Sorry, the theory of evolution is indeed science! Nothing in science is ever "proven", but the preponderance of evidence overwhelmingly supports the theory of evolution. So no, the TOE is certainly not supported by belief alone. Evolution is routinely recreated in labs and observed in the wild. Your claim that we can't recreate the big bang has nothing to do with evolution. And your claim that science must be able to recreate something in order to call it a theory is absolutely wrong. We can't recreate a planet orbitting a sun, yet the heliocentric theory is pretty well accepted. All science requires is evidence, not the ability to recreate an event in the lab.  But I must side with creationism. First, because I'm a Christian. Second becuase of all the evidence supporting it. Let's consider the Second Law of Thermodynamics. It is one of the most universally excepted laws of science. In fact, many other scientifically proven facts use this law as a basis. It says that things will deteriorate as they go along, unless acted upon by an outside force. But the Theory of Evolution firmly dictates that evolution is a positive process. If the Theory of Evolution is completely accurate, then this denies the accuracy of one of the foundations of science   This is not what the Second law of Thermodynbamics says, you are demonstratably wrong. Evolution does not violate the 2LOT. If the 2LOT prevented evolution, it would also prevent reproduction, you know, much less complex sperm and egg cells evolving into much more complex organisms, simple seeds growing into much more complex trees and plants.....But that's not what the 2LOT is about. This is a tired old arguement that was refuted decades ago, please try to keep up with modern science.  ( Note - Evolution is not actually a Theory by the text book definition but it is commonly accepted to refer to it as a Theory. )   The theory of evolution is a scientific theory, which is different from the everyday usage of the word. Here's a good definition of what science means when it uses the word "theory": From here:ScientificTheory   "Theories are central to scientific thinking.  Theories are overarching explanations that make sense of some aspect of nature, are based on evidence, allow scientists to make valid predictions, and have been tested in many ways. Theories are supported, modified, or replaced as new evidence appears. Theories give scientists frameworks within which to work. Major theories of science, such as the cell theory, gravitational theory, evolutionary theory, and particle theory, are all big ideas within which scientists test specific hypotheses.  The scientific definition of "theory" should not be confused with the way the term is commonly used to mean a guess or a hunch. In science, a theory means much more and is far more well-founded. The "Theory of Evolution" is an evidence-based, internally consistent, well-tested explanation of how the history of life proceeded on Earth-not a hunch. Understanding the role of theory in science is essential to scientists and vital to the informed citizen."   Please learn what theory really means in science!  About the question as to why it is Creationism vs. Evolutionism. Simply put, b/c they are mostly complete opposites. If you are a Christian (all inclusive, Catholic, Baptist, anything) you cannot possibly believe both and be a practicing Christian.   And yet, millions of Christians do just that! They accept the theory of evolution and are practicing Christians. So it is only in your rather limited opinion that that they can't do both.  Vsaiyan, you make a number of errors in this post, you can't expect to debate if you don't know what you're talking about.......
or maybe we're Aliens
Oh, and let me apologize, you're right, Evolution is a theory. Note, a theory is described by Webster as a "speculation".   Wrong, you still don't understand that a scientific theory is quite different from the common usage of the word. The theory of evolution is much much more than a 'speculation'. If you don't understand science, you can't effectively debate it's merits. You obviously don't understand science!  This is a common example of microevolution?changes in size, shape, and color?or minor genetic alterations. It is not macroevolution?the upward progression in complexity from bacteria to man.   Just as you don't know what a scientific theory is, you don't know what macroevolution is either. Macroevolution is described as a change at or above the species level, we have seen new species emerge, so therefore, we have seen macroevolution. The changes your talking about wouldn't be apparent in our lifetimes because they take so long. But the fossil record gives us clear examples of macroevolution, we have a great many clearly transitional fossils, like Archaeopteryx, Acanthostega, ext.... These are examples of macroevolutionary changes, what is your explaination for them?  Then we have organisms that are clearly transitional that are still living today, the platypus and the lung fish are 2 excellent examples. Evolution explains them, what is the creationists explaination for them? I mean, the platypus has both mammal characteristics and reptilian characteristics, evolution is the best explaination, and as far as science goes, the only explaination.  The theory of evolution conflicts with this scientific law by claiming that life came from nonliving matter through natural processes.   You're 3 for 3, you don't know anything about the theory of evolution either! Evolution says nothing about how life first arose, that's abiogenesis. It doesn't matter where the first life came from, naturally arose, carried here by a meteor, magic skyman poofed it into existance, once it was here, it evolved.  Spontaneous generation (the emergence of life from nonliving matter) has never been observed. All observations have shown that life comes only from life. This has been observed so consistently it is called the law of biogenesis. The theory of evolution conflicts with this scientific law by claiming that life came from nonliving matter through natural processes.   Nope, there is no law of biogenesis that says life can't come from non life. Creationists like to pretend this is true, but it's not. Louis Pasteur never disproved spontaneous generation from dead organic matter, but he nver conducted any experiments on abiogenesis. And of course this has nothing to do with evolution.  Mendel?s laws of genetics and their modern-day refinements explain almost all physical variations observed in living things. Mendel discovered that genes are merely reshuffled from one generation to another.   Nope, your wrong again! Mendel did not say genes are merely reshuffled from generation to generation! Once again, Learn what your talking about!  A logical consequence of Mendel?s laws is that there are limits to such variation. Breeding experiments and common observationsc have also confirmed these boundaries. While Mendel?s laws give a theoretical explanation why variations are limited, broad experimental verification also exists.   Give us any of these "experiments" that confirm these limits, I say you're lieing once again to protect your silly myths.....  For example, if evolution happened, organisms (such as bacteria) that quickly produce the most offspring, should have the most variations and mutations. Natural selection would then select the more favorable changes, allowing organisms with those traits to survive, reproduce, and pass on their beneficial genes. Therefore, organisms that have allegedly evolved the most should have short reproduction cycles and many offspring.   Depends entirely on which niche the organism evolved to live in. Organisms that have evolved the most should have short reproductive cycles??? This doesn't make sense......And bacteria today is just as evolved as humans, again, you have no concept of what evolution really is!  Organisms that occupy the most diverse environments in the greatest numbers for the longest times should also, according to evolution, have the greatest potential for evolving new features and species. Microbes falsify this prediction as well. Their numbers per species are astronomical, and they are dispersed throughout practically all the world?s environments. Nevertheless, the number of microbial species are relatively few. New features apparently don?t evolve.   What?!?!! Like most of this post, this is just goobldygook. The number of microbe species are astronomical, nevertheless the number of microbial species are relatively few????? Well, what is it, are they astronomical or few?? And of course new features evolve, thats the whole premise of antibiotics, and bacteria has evolved to inhabit every niche on the planet, from the hottest deep sea hydrovents to the coldests glaciers of antartica. Ever hear of nylon eating bacteria? Your whole statement about new features apparently note evolving is disproven by reality. Why you yourself have 50-100 mutations in your genetic makeup.  While natural selection sometimes explains the survival of the fittest, it does not explain the origin of the fittest. Natural selection prevents major evolutionary changes. Mutations are the only known means by which new genetic material becomes available for evolution. Rarely, if ever, is a mutation beneficial to an organism in its natural environment. Almost all observable mutations are harmful;   And here we see you don't understand natural selection and mutation! How does natural selection prevent evolution??? Mutations are not almost all harmful, they are mostly neutral. As I said the average human has 50-100 neutral mutations. It is the environment the mutation expresses itself in that determines if it is harmful, neutral or beneficial. Now if a group of animals was split off from the parent group and a random mutation allowed them to exploit a new food source that was plentiful in the new environment, natural selection would favor those that had the mutation and those who couldn't exploit the new food source would die off, evolution in action. Again, how does natural selection prevent evolution????   There is no reason to believe that mutations or any natural process could ever produce any new organs?especially those as complex as the eye, the ear, or the brain.   Another example of creationists being willfully ignorant. Since we see all levels of eyes in nature, from simple eye spots to the complex eyes of hawks and all degrees in between, it IS reasonable to theorize that mutations can account for the evolution of the eye (or heart or brain, ect...)  All species appear fully developed, not partially developed.   Yes, but what about species that are clearly transitional as well as being fully developed, like the platypus or the lung fish?  There are no examples of half-developed feathers, eyes, skin, tubes (arteries, veins, intestines, etc.), or any of thousands of other vital organs   Another lie! There are millions of examples of just this! Do some research!!!!  There is no direct evidence that any major group of animals or plants arose from any other major group.    What about Archaeopteryx, what aboput the therapsid reptiles? what about the fossils for horse evolution? What about the fossils for primate evolution??? You are demonstratably wrong!  Is that enough proof? If not I've got much much more.   Actually, you've given us no evidence at all! You merely regurgitate the same creationists arguements that have been disproven for decades. From all your inaccuracies (and you didn't get one thing right in your entire post!), you really know nothing about evolution, biology, astronomy, cosmology and science in general. Do your self a favor, do a little research!
Some people choose to put their trust in man, others, God. There are no test results, human obsevations, or theorys that will stand up to the Word of God.  From what I have been reading, when the word "day" is used in Genesis, it means a literal 24 hr. day. Now, the only possible questionable part of Genesis would be from 1:1- 1:4. I think this is where the "Old-Earth" Christians differ from the "New-Earth" Christians.  I don't claim to have all the right answers, only the right source.  Sandy  I have a hard time logically linking Genesis' "day" to a 24 hour period that didn't exist prior to the creation of the Heavens and Earth. After all, a literal "day" required a sun and Earth first. Maybe it's an Epoch "day" ?
 Ok, I'm outside the box. How do you know anything you see is real? Do you know how your eyes work? Unless you're also going to ignore the important work in biology done in this area, you'd know that light entering your eyes hits your retina and the rods and cones in your eyes and is translated into an image by your brain. That light that enters your eyes comes from some object or thing that the light bounced off of, and depending on what the object is, your brain would interpret what you see based on that light (this is why no human can see a black hole - light can't escape its gravity). So, taking what we've learned, if a star is 20 light years away, and a light year is a distance that light travels in a year, the light would take 20 years to reach earth. In this way, the light entering our eyes from that star would be some image from 20 years ago. And if we assume stars are actual light years away (unless your views correspond to the Ptolemian model which has earth in the center and the sun, moon, and stars fixed in crystal spheres) Adam of the Genesis story would not be able to see that star for 1 year - 2days (assuming that Man was created on the 6th day and the stars were created on the 4th). No one can see something that is too far for light to travel in that short amount of time (and if you reject this as well, you've just lost all of physics). And as far as carbon and other radioactive dating methods are concerned this http://geology.wr.usgs.gov/docs/usgsnps/gtime/ageofearth.pdf should be able to detail how the scientists who work for our government have narrowed the age of the earth to approx. 4.54 billion years. I'm afraid that you are the one in the tiny box, ignoring blantant truths that you cast asside as God-hating Science. If you feel that you are the next Aristotle who assumed that just by using assumptions that he could rationalize the world. Well guess what, all of his theories on how the world worked were wrong, and unless you actually have some real-life evidence of how your adopted theory works, then you have about as much ground as he does to talk about anything related to our world (by the way, the Church made Aristotle's theories their own for about 1000 years). If you could stop repeating Christian rhetoric and make a logical argument with specific examples from our world, then maybe we can get somewhere.  Let me play Devil's Advocate here for a second, if you will. If you believe in Creationism as it is literally written in the Book of Genesis, then you would a priori believe that normal laws of physices don't apply. For example, God created the universe from nothing. If you hold physics to apply in all cases, then this is the first impossibility. Matter can't be reated or destroyed under normal means. Even if God could convert energy into matter, there would have to be something present before God started so that he could convert some to matter. Again, if He started from nothing, it would be physically impossible.  Until one can reconcile the supposition that God doesn't follow the known laws of physics, any discussion about the speed of light pales by comparison.  If you are a Creationist that believes "the Old Earth View", then you don't take the Biblical creation to mean literally 6 days and it's easier to reconcile scientific evidence with the Bible. Here's a summary of the differing viewpoints: http://www.evidenceofgod.com/answers/creation4.htm
.........  I put proofs in qotes becuase those who the reticent to leave the comfort of literal doctrine may find it impossible to see these and others as proofs, regardless. There is hope. For those, such as my self, who see evolution as an elegant and dynamic process interconnecting life, the proofs are obvious.  Have you ever seen the probability equation that represents the chances that all life was created through random interactions between molecules? I'll see if I can dig it up for you if you're interested.
I'm curious what you think a probability equation (which is also pure guesswork) will do for any case about the origins of life.  - An infinite number of potentional conscious life forms exist. You roll your dice, you pick one out of an infinite number and grant it life.  It springs into being, and then ponders the question of it's existince. It does a quick calculation and determines that it's odds for existence are 1/infinity, and then concludes....what....that it doesn't exist? This line of reasoning has only one outcome. It can give us some undersanding of the rarity of life, nothing more. The only time you can figure out odds is of you're a sentient life form, and the fact that you are one, has no impact on that probability. Life had to start somewhere, right? That first lifeform had to occur because a collection of random matter combined in a particular way to form something that we could call alive. If I gave you all of the required chemicals and weeded out those that would either interfere with needed reactions or were totally unrelated, what is the probability that you could find the proper combination and doing so, bring the inanimate mass to life?  Really, roll a six sided die and get a "6" four times in a row. What's the chance that you'll get another "6"? Yeah, it has nothing to do with the results, it's the same calculation every time.  -Mach  Actually the odds of any given roll are the same but the odds of rolling 5 sixes in a row are considerably less. Translation: Even if you ccould come up with the right combination ONCE, could you repeat it many times? emoticon_xdonno
Yes, you could repeat it many times. Just the percent of it happening would be low.
Yes, you could repeat it many times. Just the percent of it happening would be low.  The magic ingredient in the evolutionists' model is time and chance, but it seems to take more faith to believe in chance than it does to have faith in the creative power of God. Nobel prize winner and discoverer of DNA's double helix structure, biochemist Francis Crick, concedes: "An honest man, armed with all the knowledge available to us now, could only state that in some sense, the origin of life appears at the moment to be almost a miracle, so many are the conditions which would have to have been satisfied to get it going." Francis Crick, Life Itself (New York: Simon and Schuster, 1981), p. 88.
Crick was an atheist, don't confuse the language of being in awe of the complexity of the universe with religion.  http://www.positiveatheism.org/india/s1990a01.htm  From link: Crick: "I have no doubt, as will emerge later, that this loss of faith in Christian religion and my growing attachment to science have played a dominant part in my scientific career not so much on a day-to-day basis but in the choice of what I have considered interesting and important. I realized early on that it is detailed scientific knowledge which makes certain religious beliefs untenable. A knowledge of the true age of the earth and of the fossil record makes it impossible for any balanced intellect to believe in the literal truth of every part of the Bible in the way that fundamentalists do. And if some of the Bible is manifestly wrong, why should any of the rest of it be accepted automatically? A belief, at the time it was formulated, may not only have appealed to the imagination but also fit well with all that was than known. It can nevertheless be made to appear ridiculous because of facts uncovered later by science. What could be more foolish than to base one's entire view of life on ideas that, however plausible at that time, now appear to be quite erroneous? And what would be more important then to find our true place in the universe by removing one by one these unfortunate vestiges of earlier beliefs? Yet it is clear that some mysteries have still to be explained scientifically. While these remain unexplained, they can serve as an easy refuge for religious superstition. It seemed to me of the first importance to identify these unexplained areas of knowledge and to work toward their scientific understanding whether such explanations would turn out to confirm existing beliefs or to refute them."  I don't believe that I ever said that Crick had any particular religious beliefs. I merely quoted him on a comment that HE MADE on the origin of life. Einstein made an interesting statement about creation. "I want to know how God created this world. I am not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thoughts; the rest are details."
JPSartre12  Before you get too excited about Einstein's pronouncements about God, you should also be aware that he stated that his god was Spinoza's god. I'll leave it to you to look into that matter, but I'll give you a hint that it doesn't look good for fundamentalist christians trying to use his quotes. You have to remember that Einstein wasn't a Christian. He was a Jew.  I understand very well Einstein's belief in what God was. I've read several biographies as well as his Princeton lectures on relativity. When asked about creation, Einstein once quipped that he didn't believe that God "rolled dice". I'd say that doesn't make him a strict evolutionist. :) For example, Einstein wrote: "I defend the Good God against the idea of a continuous game of dice."  And "The scientist's religious feeling takes the form of a rapturous amazement at the harmony of natural law, which reveals an intelligence of such superiority that, compared with it, all the systematic thinking and acting of human beings is an utterly insignificant reflection. "
 Many forget that Satan was a good guy for a very long time during the Perfect Period of Genesis 1:1.     Note that precious stones are rewards for good works (1Cor. 3:12-14), and Satan had plenty of time to receive all of them. However, those days would come to an abrupt end. "You were blameless in your ways from the day you were created until unrighteousness was found in you." Ezek. 28:15. That started the Satanic rebellion that caused the 'darkness' of Genesis 1:2.    Satan was a good guy going about doing God's works for eons and got paid a box of rocks for his labors? I see. No wonder he rebelled, I would too.
Just a general question. Why does 7th-arty show up with "banned" under the name? Are we now subject to censorship by those who disagree with evolution?  Or is there some other reason?  He was warned for name calling. He then accused me of secretly being astronomy fan and deleting post to promote creationism. He was banned at that point.
OK, thanks, all three of you. Now, the claims of confusion are not appropriate, as the facts provided certainly were accurate.  But I can respect the issue of forum rules. Now, one concern I have had before (particularly on the Delphi forums) is that crack-downs are partially based on the politics and opinion of the poster vs the moderators. I just wanted to be sure that this is not what was happening here. Because I have certainly here seen name-calling by creationists that were NOT acted on.  I hope you can all appreciate my concern here? Because the apparent reason for the banning is what creationists have gotten away with without being banned.  Please use the report post feature anytime someone is being offensive. the goal is to keep it friendly.
He was warned for name calling. He then accused me of secretly being astronomy fan and deleting post to promote creationism. He was banned at that point.  It is unfortunate that 7th was banned. Although he could be mildly offensive, he was very educated in his field and gave very informative answers.
Hank, Happy Easter Sandy  Thank you Sandy, Happy Easter to you.
It is unfortunate that 7th was banned. Although he could be mildly offensive, he was very educated in his field and gave very informative answers.  If he promised to keep it friendly and informative I would give him a second chance.
So what does "informative" mean? Are non-informative posts also wrong? (Just want to know per the forum report buttons). As for 7th Arty being informative, I don't think you EVER had a reason to worry. He provided lots or relevant and substantiated material, absolutely high-class in the informative area.   He likely got tired of being misrepresented and deceived by the opposing side, though. I know that I certainly have. Now, I don't know how intense the policing is here, but when somebody asks for evidence and then ignores it when provided, what IS the appropriate action? Call them on their deception, reporting the post as uninformative, or what? Some guidelines would be nice, as the "ignore and switch" certainly is the certain death to any serious discussion.  You can be informative but not friendly and that will get you banned. Debating can be frustrating, that's why I have to keep warning and banning people. If someone doesn't see it your way or doesn't seem to debate the way you want them to, then ignore them. If they are offensive then report them.
That's fair enough. Now, that didn't address my point, though. IS a deliberate violation of acceptable debating a reportable offence, as it violates the requirement of having informative posts?  Again, in the example, if A claims that there is no evidence for event-X, and B provides such evidence, then when A comes right back and repeats his claim, then we certainly suffers posts that are un-informative of anything but A's dishonesty. Is that reportable? Is there a requirement to follow rules of evidence and so on?  No its not reportable. Just because something is convincing to you does not make it convincing to everyone. But most people will see who is most convincing. Sometimes you just have to move on to someone else.
That's what I figured. So "informative" is a rather subjective term :)  There should be at least an attempt at being informative.
Hello all :)  I just want to bring up the point about technologies developed by the Nazi's that we used after the war, despite any human cost that been involved in their development/manufacture.  For example the V2(A-4) program employed large numbers of forced labourers in the construction of production facilities (Mittelwerk) and the assembly of the missiles themselves. Tens of thousands of the slave workers died in the course of the undertaking, under brutal conditions.  At the end of the war the site was captured by the US Army. Besides large numbers of technical personnel (including the well known Werner Von Braun) along with a number of A-4's (built by the slave labourers) were taken to America and formed the nucleus of their ballistic missile program, and ultimately the NASA space program.  Now, while the labourers were not the subjects of medical experiments like those you have aleady discussed, the program could not have operated without them.  So should the Americans have destroyed all traces of V2 manufacture because of those who died, or were they right to use the technology and materials that came out of an operation with such a high human cost inflicted by the Nazi's who were involved?  A link to a site that discusses the V-2 history:  V-2 Missile Production
I took a look at some of the "intermediate forms" you presented. But my conclusion is that the reason there are such similarities among different species is because they all have the same Creator. God doesn't change. He is the same yesterday today and forever. He created some species and "saw that it was good" (as the Bible says) and decided "hey this works I should try a similar design in these creatures too!" I think that is something that everyone can relate to. It makes sense to try something over and over again if it seems to get the job done.  The problem with your viewpoint is this:  Conclusion -< evidence -< analysis  Whereas to interpret the data without bias requires:  Evidence -< analysis -< conclusion.  Using your rationale, I can fit any observations to any conclusion I care to concoct.  You say "It makes sense to try something over and over again if it seems to get the job done" but that completely ignores the subtlety of the evidence. Despite the fact Ursus maritimus linked you some very good articles on evolution from Palaeos you seem to completely ignore them.  Basically, your position is "I'll look as closely as I can, then I cannot see any transition because I can only look at one fossil at once- I don't want to see the relationships that are evident between a series of fossils, so I'll just look in a way that suits my position".
On the other is a cadre of scientists who say that for now we'll say that the earth is 4.5 billion years old, but 20 years ago, they said something else, and 20 years from now, likely they'll say something else yet again, who even when they look to how man evolved will present mutually exclusive theories based on 'objective evidences'. .  This statement is illuminating, not because of the facts you discuss (incidently the current value for the AoE is a result of 50 years of ongoing research and expermentation) but for the attitude you reveal.  You see the only possible explaination for the origin of the universe and everything within it as being a literal reading of the story in Genesis. You refuse to even entertain any other possibility, be it from another religon, science or belief- the details are irrelevant as all that matters is that your version is absolutely correct.  With regard to science this reveals a certain hypocrisy with such a position. You will argue that science is wrong ad nauesum when it has things to say about the history of the universe, but will not bat an eyelid when related science or related scientific principles are used for other purposes.  Why is this? how come you can pick fault with science in one area- ie. evolution- and not in others? Oh, and please don't try to separate out the sciences involved in evolution, cosmology and earth history as some sort of special, unique area as they are not.  The very thing you site as a problem with science- its flexibility- is its underpinning strength! Off course outlooks can change- but this is in the face of new evidence, experimentation and so forth. If you think this is a bad or undesirable thing you are holding a truely blinkered view of the world we live in.   I find many of the tenents of YE- Creationism astounding, but this one particularly so.
I don't think I said I'm astounded that anyone can hold a belief or opinion with certainty. My outlook is quite to the contary I assure you. I think we have some mis-understanding, so I shall re-phrase.  I find it remarkable how you can so easily cast aside whichever area of science you deem at odds with your world view- evolution as an example that you cite- purely for the fact it is at odds with your truth, as you call it. Bearing this in mind, how can you accept anything any science has to say at all?
montalban, I'm interested in your focus on Adolf Hitler regarding the topic of evolution, survival of the fittest etc..   Now, as you have outlined, as time went on Hitlers non-christain beliefs became more apparent. He was only interested in appeasment of religion for as long as was necessary to achieve power and meet his aims (like with the Concordat with Rome of July 20, 1933) and one can only imagine what might have ultimately happened had he had another 20 years to pursue his ideas.  Hitler also saw Darwinism, or aspects of it, as concepts he could use to support and further his racial beliefs and opinions.  What 'm interested in is this: do you see Hitler as some sort of "product" of evolutionary thought? do you think Hitler would have been different had it not been for his knowledge of evolution?   I also noted your point about the male dominance of science (both in academic and business fields). Well, I think in my country at least that is true, although the balance is shifting now towards a situation of greater equality (as Waxy noted as well).  However, it is a little one sided to point out male dominance of science alone. There is male dominance full stop in most areas of society, particularly where professional or academic qualification is concerned. There are areas of far greater inequality that exist, and the same male bias's you say exist in science will exist just about anywhere, be it City Finance, the Military or the Judiciary.
What about the amount of water the earth holds and how much it would take to flood the earth? actually i have a fuzzy theory on how the water on the earth could actually cover land. most scientist agree that the 7 continents were at one point one single flat super-continent (gondowaland, i think). after the continent sections drifted apart, only then did the himalayas and other major mountain ranges and ocean gorges formed. so it could have been possible that all land mass could have been covered by a heavy enough global rain shower, at least until it all drained off.   however, scientists argue that this supercontinent existed millions of years before noah, so yall can scrap that idea...  unless the scientists were wrong and the continental split happened quickly, while the earth was under water...  nevermind... like i said, a fuzzy theory
this should be a poll. fact or fiction?
In Christ,  Kent Hovind    Did this tag line catch anyone else's eye?  Waxy
Actually not. He is responding to your remarks in post #34. And no, it wasn't a direct quote from Dawkins.
Montalban wrote: However, of more import, remember Mach said that it is I who doesn't make sense - not Dawkins. Here is an opportunity for him and you to distance yourself from Dawkin's hateful words. You know what 'hateful' is?  Well, I'm aware of the meaning of the word hateful, but I'm interested to hear what your implication is in this instance as I do not see the word as being appropriate.
Proof is a matter of math and booze.  Priceless. emoticon_xhoho
Psychology in and of itself is a "true" science since it uses the scientific method.  A lot of the time the practice of psychology is largely pseudo-scientific.   .
Is that based on the science known as Maths?  Isn't that based on the maths-like theory of logic?  Yes, that's the point he was trying to make.  Btw- "logic" is not a theory, to my knowledge.   .
Uranium is very dense, much denser than iron or nickel.  Maybe we don't see so much uranium because its all at the cores of rocky planets? And yeah, tidal forces from gravity "stir the pot" so to speak.  If a mass of uranium existed within the earth's inner core driving a gigantic nuclear reactor (perhaps producing more nuclear fuel than it consumes - like a breeder reactor), the question arises, how did it get there ? I'm not sure that density is a significant factor in "migrating" the uranium through the inner core where gravity is virtually zero.
Iron on the surface of the earth is rarely in its elemntal form. It's usually in oxides or sulfides. Then why would there be so much iron at the core? Heat up Iron oxides in the presence of something that can take the oxygen away (hydrogen<water, silicon<sand, a more oxophilic metal, like uranium) and you get iron metal. Same thing could happen to urnanium (if there were a more abundant, more oxophilic metal).    Yes, that's the one reason to discount the uranium hypothesis. Also, the calculated mass of the earth would be totally different.    The gravity is zero only at the very center of a perfect sphere. The earth is not a perfect sphere, nor would all the uranium be at the direct center of the earth. The reason iron and nickel would be down there is because they are denser than the silicious minerals found in the mantle. Also, the stuff in the mantle (mostly basalt and other siliceous minerals) has lots of oxides in it, making it less dense than the core.  The mantle is heated by radioactive decay of U, Th, and K. One reason to believe that U is more in the mantle than in the core is that U likes oxygen more than iron or nickel. Put U, O, and Fe in a bunch of heat and (with a deficiency of O) you'll get uranium oxides and iron metal. The iron metal would sink out because it is more dense.  http://www.geokem.com/homogen.html  And here is a really nice explanation: http://hps.org/publicinformation/ate/q4106.html  Another good one (with a link to the original source's website): http://geology.about.com/library/weekly/aa072102a.htm  Yes, I understand how a process of gravitational condensation in the primitive mass of the earth would result in higher density materials (iron/nickel) sinking and being compressed at the core, while the lighter silicate minerals flowed up to form the mantle/crust etc. Compounds of iron would be abundant as the heating of the very ancient earth proceeded - plentiful enough to account for the mass at the inner core perhaps ? But uranium is a rare element and I wondered if (in the uranium reactor hypothesis) enough of the stuff could be available during the process of accretion, to "crystallize" out, sink to the center, and make the major contribution to the radioactive decay/compression that produces very high temperatures at the core of the planet ? I think something on these lines was being suggested at the beginning of this thread.  PS. I'll follow your links and learn more: my earth science "knowledge" is little better than feeble memories now: but I'm still interested.
Creationists get asked questions and they refuse to answer them. This means they have lost the debate. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Iff God created man in his own image and i look like God is God in a lot of trouble???
http://www.leaderu.com/theology/burialcave.html Easyrider -- That site mentions an archaeologist named P. Bagatti. I'm not aware of an archaeologist by that name. I suspect the author may have meant to say "B. Bagatti," as in Father (or Padre) Bellarmino Bagatti (Professor, Studium Biblicum Franciscanum at Flagellation, Jerusalem). (See this link)
Hi, Captruss.    I have a idea. How about reading all of the 217 posts below in the atheist vs. creationist thread , and see if you can come up with a definitive answer on your own, as to why people believe one way or the other ? After you have read all of those, I believe you may change your research subject :) If you base your research paper on statistics which MAY or MAY not, prove why a person believes in creation or evolution based on their marital status,age, geographical location, educational level, hmmmm, by the time the paper is done, you may be on social security pension (if there still is one in 2050) before its ready to be turned in to the professor . good luck on your paper :)
He can't deny it.   He sounds rather stiff-necked.
Well I don't know about any of you, but in the time zone I'm in (EST) we've got at most another 3 hours to wait. Unless the proof isn't coming.
I'm just tingling in anticipation! Today is the day. It's Tuesday and HeavenBound has promised to post the "proof" that radiocarbon dating is not reliable. I'm sure that this will turn the science of archaeology on its ear, especially Biblical archaeology that has placed a lot of credence in the dating of finds in Near East. As stated in the Library of Congress Exhitit on the Dead Sea Scrolls, "Within a fairly short time after their discovery, historical, paleographic, and linguistic evidence, as well as carbon-14 dating, established that the scrolls and the Qumran ruin dated from the third century B.C.E. to 68 C.E." Radiocarbon dating has recently been used to verify that the dates of the Hitite civilization as per the Bible are correct, and not some 200 years later as previously believed. Just think, HeavenBound's "proof" will make nonsense of so much Biblical scholarship that it will be a disaster for all western religions.  But I look forward to the "proof." This is a paradigm shifting revelation that will also upset most of science. This "proof" will upset nuclear physics by showing that the technology is based on error (will it cause the closing of all nuclear reactors?). It will upset geology and paleontology by showing that all dates are unreliable. It will also upset astrophysics by showing that the detection of radioactive elements in heavenly bodies that are light years away (eg., cobalt-56 and cobalt-57 in SN1987A at 170,000 light years) are wrong. In effect, the dating of the universe, the earth, and human civilization will be thrown into termoil. A whole new era of science is about to dawn and I look forward to it.  So let us all hope that HeavenBound was not just trolling. She wouldn't actually promise something and then not deliver, would she? Sometimes it seems that she in just a bit incoherent. For example, here are some of her remarks from other threads.  Well! I guess that just showed you guys. It seems that HeavenBound thinks that having a closed mind is a bad thing. And yet,  What? How is that an example of an open mind. It seems that a closed mind is a virtue only in a non-religionist. Isn't the above statement the equivalent of a declaration of a closed mind?  Now I'm confused. In the same breath HeavenBound tells us that she accepts and rejects the science of evolutionary biology. I wonder if giving evolutionary biology a fair chance is like giving gravity a fair chance, or the heliocentric theory, or maybe the germ theory of disease? Did she give all of those a "fair chance" too? How about nuclear physics? And yet, as I mentioned above, HeavenBound has rejected most of science apparently, because she is going to offer "proof" that falsifies cosmology, astronomy, astrophysics, nuclear physics (or, as our President says, "nucular physics"), anthropology, paleontology, geology, and biology.  So it seems that HeavenBound is a theistic evolutionist, believing that evolution is just God's method of creation. Her opinions seem contradictory to me.  If we are talking about ideas that work by means of logic, why does HeavenBound think that it is wrong to use logic? Why is it better to address logical topics with ideas based on mythology, spiritualism, and superstition? I haven't ever seen a peer reviewed paper that described how verification for a hypothesis was sought in the Bible, but it seems that HeavenBound finds that idea logical.  Actually, you haven't understood much of what has been discussed here, have you. Scientists are quite sure that evolution is 100% absolute. It is quite simple. Evolution has been observed. There is no question whatsoever. Changes in populations of organisms that meet the definition of biological evolution have been observed and are observed all the time. Strains of drosophila used for genetic studies have speciated several times so that many of them are no longer able to interbreed. This is in spite of the fact that they are all derived from a single population. The original strain was domesticated in California. Recent experiments have shown that the laboratory strains can't interbreed with the original population any more either. That is evolution. There is no doubt. The DNA of Drosophila has been sequenced and studied and differences that prevent interfertility have been identified. That is evolution. That is 100% sure. What isn't sure is whether the theories that explain these facts are correct. For most of the fundamental theories we are about 99% sure. Some of the newer work is less secure. New theories on the frontiers of knowledge are still being tested and amended.  But of course, it is evolutionists who have closed minds and not religionists.  Where appropriate, I do. Unfortunately for you, there is no room in science for "POOF, GODDIDIT!" as an explanation of the causes for observed natural events. Recourse to a miracle is giving up on learning. It is a declaration that we can't learn by the application of a logical method of study, the scientific method, to natural events that are observed in the natural universe. It is a declaration that mythology, spiritualism, and superstition is more reliable than logic. It is a declaration that a closed mind is the best way to learn.  Oh, yeah. HeavenBound. This post is mocking. I thought I would tell you that since you seem to have a great deal of determining when you are being mocked and when someone is trying to educate you. It seems that you respond to mocking better than you respond to education, since you haven't bothered to educate yourself about science to this point.  Looking forward to the evidence. Don't disappoint. And remember, anything from AIG, ICR, and Mr. Hovind isn't proof unless you can explain and verify any assertions. In other words, you will need to be able to show why your "proof" is a better explanation for the data than science - Occam's razor you know. Why is it that some of you choose to antagonise members of this board that have a Christian belief system and believe something else occurred instead of sciences evolution theory? Much of Christianity is faith based, meaning we don't have hard core 'proof' of creationism. Some of you are a bit hard on posters in here that don't share your opinion on evolution (as this belittling attempt at a post suggest).  I would suggest in the future that some of you tone down your mocking of fellow posters. Its not respectful and does not add one iota to good debate.
Yea, but noble. Let her go Jaaaman. Do I need to remind you that you've taken a few hard licks with no one to step in for you? This is debate forum and everything comes out in the wash.  I admire your gallantry, but it is her cow...let her milk it. (makes for strong bones and teeth - know what I mean?) Lol :) Ok.
So basically if everything you have said is true HeavenBound, then you found an article and all you understood about it was that it disproved radiometric dating. You didn't understand anything else about it, but you knew the article disproved it. You then couldn't find it. You should know the gist of it since you should have read it. I can understand if you misplaced it, but you should know the reason radiometric dating is false if this really disproves radiometric dating, but I doubt it.
Tingle, tingle, tingle.
But what do we do when one side desires to convert the other?  easy kill those who would not submit
The first lesson in philosophy class was there is no "true" philosophy. community college?
You are making a fallacious argument in insinuating that because a lesson was taught in community college, it is not right.   actually i am insinuating that you attended community college did not get the lesson right  there is no first lesson in philosophy and no truth i deny even your independent existence beyond my own hallucinogenic fabrication
Beowulf Lee, don't take it too hard. Fracas has a way of using personal insults as his primary reason why someone is wrong. Check his other threads if you don;'t believe me.  not really duo boy i use your own fallacious argument to demonstrate how fallacious both your relativist belief is and you are.  its ridicule. look it up.   beowulf without truth in philosophy there is no existence  thus as far as i know, you are as fictious as God and i believe in neither
Huh? That didn't make alot of sense there. Besides, you just used the fallacy of changing the direction. :) It's nice to see you using more fraud that I can freely point out.  so you don't get the sense of it but declare it fallacious anyway. ha ha ha ha.  i've addressed both yours and beowulf concerns try to keep up
The first lesson in philosophy class was there is no "true" philosophy.  dude perhaps i was too quick with you as post #16 and #27 were both reasonable. so i'll elaborate. i am a big fan of community college as their mission is to educate those who would not otherwise be exposed to things. in many ways they are much better than elite universities elevating trivia as science. post #20 quoted abovehowever is not worthy the first lesson in philosophy is what philosophy is and is not.  as to my postings. there are several ways to counter an argument. the simplest is to post counter argument. but it is also possible to counter an argument with the way you post. for example, in post #16 you talk about people believing in an imaginary relationship with superficial entities. superficially this may make sense, but you did cast aspersion on the faithfuls, suggesting that religious faith is somehow false by using the word "imaginary". i responded in post #29 i applied your reasoning not to God but to you. I have no more proof in your existence than others have in God. As you have no way to prove my existence. Even if we meet in person this will not change, whether you subscribe to the ideation of the waking dream or more recently popularlized as the Matrix. Note though that even this does not disprove anything as Berkely (sp) suggested that reality, all that we perceive are words of God. For example, when you hear the word "home" an image comes to mind internally. The word of God is perceived externally. An interesting analysis. Thus i highlighted the crux of your argument as i perceived them to be and applied it against you. which to me demonstrate a certain flaw in the reasoning, as well as to suggest that the inability to prove does not mean the inexistence of X, whether it be God, you, me, or "true" philosophy.  i'd also caution you from adopting the use of "fallacious" as others here are wont to do, because it usually connote only a superficial analysis of what is posted and an overly quick dismissal, and from that you get nothing in gained knowledge or understanding.  if you can appreciate this, then we can continue. otherwise i'll treat you as i treat Duo_boy.
Ok... so from what I can interperet, you are saying that since there is no way to "prove" our existence, and since there is no way to "prove" God's existence, God is real as we are, which is not neccesarily true.  not quite its more i can't prove your existence as i can't prove god's existence and i can't disprove your existence anymore than i can disprove god's existence the conclusion is that empiricism neither prove nor disprove god's existence  Also to note, scientists do not "prove" things in science. Scientists design experiments which are repeated numerous amounts of times, yielding results that suggest something, in accordance with their orginal ideas. Metaphysics is a messy subject, so when determining whether something is existing or not, the usual method is with Ocaam's Razor. The simplest solution is the right one. If you can percieve with your senses, then it exists.  science discover existing laws yet unknown prior suggesting their existence prior to them being perceived  note also the Ocaam's Razor is at best a rule of the system thus may not ne wholey accurate in describing the system in which it exists
Ok, I think we have reached an agreement. The idea of the existence of God can neither be "proven" or "disproven". To me, this means that God might as well not exist. Maybe to you, it "proves" his existence to some degree. actually i am an agnostic i think it foolish hubris to declare god does not exist. and even absurd to adopt it as science or humanistic faith  The use of Ocaam's Razor is for the assumption that if we can see it, hear it, touch it, smell it, taste it, detect directly or indirectly, it exists. If we do not use this assumption, then any hypothesis can be "disproven" by the "fact" that anything could not exist. However, there is always a possibilty that it actually doesn't. Science is not all black and white. There will always be data that casts doubt on the hypothesis, and vice versa, but, when considering if the hypothesis is "true" or not, then we see if the data that supports the hypothesis outweighs the data that does not. actually those are the perceived senses. and perception is fraught with error. and good science is not about the majority of the data supports the hypothesis or not. good science is about uniformity of replication, accross time and space.  It would be more accurate to say that people recognise existing patterns in the universe and then express their conclusions as laws. In this way, the laws are not in existence until they are expressed - just the patterns that they describe. so was the earth actually flat at one point? at least until it was proven round?
it really isn't about what makes my day just pointing out error of superficial reasoning predicated on hubris and internal contradictions unaddressed  perception is a reasonable starting point, but insufficient to proclaim the one and end of tools to determine metaphysics  standards can vary from scientific field to field but the popular is 5% Standard Deviation
Please state your reasoning in a logical flow, why my reasoning is based on contradictions. In accordance with the second quote, please state the reasoning for your opinion in thinking declaring God does not exist is foolish, and how it points out my superficial reasoning and internal contradictions. i've already have in previous posts  You know metaphysics isn't actually a science right? Assuming that this has anything to do with what you were talking about before, using metaphysics to justify God's existence does not make God any more real then he had been before. metaphysics is not a science at all and you are correct not to use metaphysic to prove the existence of god but it would be incorrect to use empirics to disprove the existence of god
Edit: Alright, I think I got it. This whole argument was started my my use of the word "imaginary". By the dictionary definition, the relationship really is imaginary. They have never percieved God physically in any way, other than in the imagination, therefore imaginary. You argued that metaphysically, we are imaginary too. However, that does not strengthen or weaken my saying that God is imaginary, because people being imaginary does not make God more real, or more imaginary.  Then for some reason, we got into an argument about existence and how existence is determined in science and other unrelated stuff.   I don't feel like talking about this anymore, so lets reach an agreement:  God can not be proven or disproven.  People are free to choose how they want to live.  Ok?  by stating something is imaginary you are stating it does not exist that is where the argument about existence enters and you employed empiricism as the basis for existential analysis   i've no disagreement otherwise
Main Entry: imaginary  Pronunciation: i-'ma-j&-"ner-E Function: adjective 1 a : existing only in imagination : lacking factual reality b : formed or characterized imaginatively or arbitrarily <his canvases, chiefly imaginary, somber landscapes -- Current Biography< 2 : containing or relating to the imaginary unit <imaginary roots< and ... Main Entry: 1faith  Pronunciation: 'fAth Function: noun Inflected Form(s): plural faiths /'fAths, sometimes 'fA[th]z/ Etymology: Middle English feith, from Old French feid, foi, from Latin fides; akin to Latin fidere to trust -- more at BIDE 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) : complete trust 3 : something that is believed especially with strong conviction; especially : a system of religious beliefs  Nonsense  A common definition of imaginary is not based on fact. A common defintion of faith is not based on fact.   I do find it a bit unusual to use these word interchangably and say "god is imaginary" instead of saying "god is a matter of faith not fact it cannot be proven true or false"but I would not use it as an excuse to patronise people.   i find it even more interesting that you think the two are in anyway interchangeable  imaginary is a descriptive of quality, and pertains to non-existence. "Imaginary" is an adjective. faith is an emotive ideation/belief. "Faith" is a noun. when has an adjective been even equivalent to a noun?  "God is imaginary" has no validity. as i've already posted. while "God is a matter of faith not fact [and] cannot be [factually] proven true or false" is true. the two are not interchangeable at all. in fact the second statement invalidates the first.
There is no evidence that God is not imaginary. Shove that up your pipe and smoke it. i bet you inhale and swallow don't you. You are correct that not have used the word interchangable. I deleted in my previous post to meet your approval. I agree that you should only say things like six and "half a dozen" are interchangable.    As for the definitions I suggest people merely google search  defintion "not based on fact" imaginary  and then google search definition faith "not based on fact". i think editing a post after it has already been responded to is poor form actually. as for definitions i've already posted them i do think it is worth being precise because on a debate forum all we have are words to base our arguments on
Why? I said that I was wrong and someone reading this thread will see I was wrong about interchangable and you were right.  this was in response to Trebor. sorry if you took it as directed to you.  some of the definitions you quote support your arguments and others do not. I agree ones you have picked are the most common and most appropriate but I did attempt to convey this idea in my first post directed at you. I honestly don't see how anything you have said disproves the main theme of anyones posts. I actually agree when you force people use the most appropriate defintions but why not just ask nicely. not sure what you are driving at but 1. i have not forced anyone toward any definition. i respond to the words posted. some posters, such as yourself, are honest and correct themselves; others do not and thus must continue to defend an ever more preposterous position. but i don't see my self as beating anyone about it. sorry if you took it that way but none of my post to you have been belligerent or caustic, not even flippant. they are short, as most of my posts tend to be. 2. the main theme i've posted against was the faulty reasoning that because something, whether it be God or each other, cannot be proven to exist does not lead to the conclusion that it is imaginary. the fault may not be in the existence but our inability to prove.
there is a big difference between "imagining something" and declaring "something is imaginary"
Let's put it this way. How is it not imaginary? as in Main Entry: imaginary  Pronunciation: i-'ma-j&-"ner-E Function: adjective 1 a : existing only in imagination : lacking factual reality b : formed or characterized imaginatively or arbitrarily <his canvases, chiefly imaginary, somber landscapes -- Current Biography< 2 : containing or relating to the imaginary unit <imaginary roots< in the example you gave" If you went to some tribe in Africa, and described God to them, they can only imagine what God looks like, feels like, etc., Their relationship with God is therefore imaginary. God still exist.  as God still exist in your examle, God is not imaginary. btw, faith is not imaginary. Main Entry: 1faith  Pronunciation: 'fAth Function: noun Inflected Form(s): plural faiths /'fAths, sometimes 'fA[th]z/ Etymology: Middle English feith, from Old French feid, foi, from Latin fides; akin to Latin fidere to trust -- more at BIDE 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) : complete trust 3 : something that is believed especially with strong conviction; especially : a system of religious beliefs synonym see BELIEF - in faith : without doubt or question : VERILY
So far, God has only been existing in the imagination, and God does lack facts to prove his existence.  Backing up to the analogy, the toilet was only a figment of the tribe's imagination. Toilets still exist, but to them it was only imaginary.  Something can exist, and be imaginary at the same time, relative to the people you are talking about.  so far the absence of proof does not mean the absence of existence  the toilet exist beyond their imagination; may be God exist beyond your imagination  something can exist, and be imagined, but it does not make it imaginary
The toilet might have existed, the toilet might not have, as with God. However, the toilet did exist only in their imaginations, as does God. But, until they see the toilet that exists beyond their imaginations, and until we see the God that is beyond our imaginations, they will remain imaginary. but you left the toilet at home! it exist factually in your universe! you tell them it is real, it exist, and it works. they say you are high, a liar, ignorant, primitive, illogical.
Yes you are right, but relative to them, the toilet did exist only in their imaginations. but their's is not the whole world for them to deny the toilet does not exist because they haven't seen it makes them primitive
It doesn't matter if they are primitive. To them the toilet is imaginary. Argument settled. i've never said otherwise. but to them being imaginary does not mean it does not exist. they say the toilet is imaginary.  you say God is imaginary. they just haven't seen the toilet. you just haven't seen God. tell me the difference between the two? you and them. tell me why the toilet exist but God does not? because you are the arbitrator of God's existence? they are wrong because the toilet does exist. are you wrong because God does exist?  C_S_C i'm trolling? LOL you haven't posted anything worthwhile and i'm trolling cute you can do better can't you? or not.  well, this was your best post this thread *head explodes*
Imaginary does not yield does not exist. the Merriam Webster would say otherwise Main Entry: imaginary  Pronunciation: i-'ma-j&-"ner-E Function: adjective 1 a : existing only in imagination : lacking factual reality b : formed or characterized imaginatively or arbitrarily <his canvases, chiefly imaginary, somber landscapes -- Current Biography< 2 : containing or relating to the imaginary unit <imaginary roots< or  imaginary adjective  describes something that is created by and exists only in the mind; that is not real:
.......... Let's try a different approach. Tell me something that is imaginary.  C_s_c's wit. ;) sorry, but i've shown you the obvious errors. you can just admit that it was a poor word choice to use, that your reasoning flawed, or the dictionaries wrong.
Well, show me evidence that god is not imaginary.   You have not demonstrated that god still exists. Show me objective evidence God exists. tinman setting up a strawman
Before 2100, teleportation was an imaginary concept to people. After 2100, teleportation became a concept of reality.  End.  Before 2100, people could only imagine teleporting around, therefore teleporting was imaginary. However, it was still possible to teleport before 2100, but people haven't figured it out yet how to do it.  The concept of imaginary is not static, it is dynamic, things that were once imaginary can become reality.  the Necrontyrs have been using teleportation for thousands of years already. they come and tell you about it. you don't believe it and tell them its just an imaginary concept in 2005. they tell you its real. you still say not. they get ******. they use it for their invasion of earth.  2005 BC the round earth was just an imagination. or was it?  yes, imagination is a dynamic process, and what was once imaginary can become real. and this i have no problem with and actually support my argument. this is the weakness of perception/empiricism as applied to metaphysics. because perception/awarness/imagination can be wrong. otherwise when we "discover" something, we are actually creating it de novo. it may seem reasonable to say that we created teleportation in 2100 but does it make sense to say the Norsemen created north america?  when you declare something is imaginary, you are in fact stating it only exist in the mind and not in factual existence. as per the definitions. thus if God speak to you tomorrow, you know your statement that God is imaginary was false the day you spoke it.  existence is not contingent on observation
So, until God speaks to me, I am not wrong.  or that you are already wrong and not know it yet.
Innocent, until proven guilty. ignorance is not a valid defense in the court of law.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I don't understand. Could you elaborate, please?
Faith is hope? How about this instead.  Hope is hope.  There, we already have a word for hope, thank you though :)    Faith IS easy. I have faith that a green martian is sitting on my head.  Now, testing that as true or false, THAT'S the hard part!    There's another common saying that resembles that.  -Mach come on, mach, he never said faith is hope.
 If you look around at various classification sites, you may see several versions of this. The names haven't been decided formally, but the several versions are all attempts to group the taxonomy according to actual relationships.  Do you have any links to recently updated sites that you'd recommend?
google ape taxonomy.  Googling ape taxonomy gives 26,600 hits. That's why I asked you for recomendations. You seem to have already done some research, and presumably have already seperated the wheat from the chaff.
 In fact I believe that Einstein was a Christian (of what faith, I cannot recall),   Nope, Jewish. That's why he left Germany and came to America.
He might have been Jewish by race but not religion - he believed in God but it wasn't the traditional Abrahamic God.
I guess I have to respect your opinion...correction.. I dont have to, I choose to. I have spent a good chunk of my life as a Christian missionary..Grenada, Guyana, Peru..I saw horrible things. I learned to have friends of all religious types..That will have more of a benefit on life then to fight. After seeing such horrble things, I totally rebelled... I was f*cking chicks down there on my off time and getting drunk...never even telling them why I was really there in their country...they wouldnt have believed me if I told them. I tell you this in friendship...this is my way of starting over..so you can see were I am comming from...and BOY am i leaving out some stuff...trust me.  That is the attitude I want to have with you all..I hope I can learn point of views..as well as to teach what I have learned when away. Possible?  ;)  Wow, you really have started over.  You used a * and everything!   :)  Just kidding.
I believe you can talk to some representative of Hovinid on AOL instant message, by the screen name DrDino. I don't know the schedule though, so go check on his site if you're interested.  Edit: Well, its 6:49 EST, and he's on. Edit 2: Oops, its Dr Dino Live.
Yea Close_slave_can honestly if you're looking for answers I would even go so far as to invest in Dr. Hovind's DvD collection, only like a $100, but it gives you the full side of the creationist perspective, there are 7 DvDs with like over 20 hours worth of studies and stuff.....I found it really interesting....that would be your best bet.....
Who owns this clone account do you think?
probably peddler. He's failed to even prove he understands the basics of evolution, we've seen Tomharrybill do the same thing when he was taking fire for his ignorance.
The virus was exposed to modern drugs, and the strains that were most able to resist them survived. The result is a strain of virus which is much hardier than the original strain. Evolution in action. This has been absolutely established, and if you knew enough genetics you could read the papers and see the proof for yourself. Since you are lacking in genetics knowledge you'll have to take my word for it; the AIDS virus, in response to the drugs that its been exposed to, has evolved into a hardier virus. It is genetically quite different from the virus of just a couple of decades ago.  Do you claim this happened by mutation? If so, what sort of mutation?
thanks you very much. This bertrand russell sounds extremley well "educated"! pmplmao!
hey, I'm just curious, does anybody believe in both? I do, i was just wondering if I was the only one.  See, the way i look at it, we have some pretty good evidence that evolution happened, depending on how you define the word. If you mean we evolved out of slime, there is no proof of that. But what about evolving from something like neanderthals? I mean, we've been able to trace back the evolutionary chain of dogs, cats, horses, reptiles, insects, etc etc. Not evolving from nothing, but evolving out of something.  I do believe in god, or what I guess you could call god. I think life was placed on this planet. But is it not possible, even probably, that god placed lifeforms here designed to evolve? It kinda makes sense, ya know? It's a survival mechanism, an extremely lengthy and much more complex process than when a fox's fur turns color depending on the time of year, but it's the same basic thing.  To me, I think evolution is the proof of creation and god, not the antithesis.
there are 2 types though. vertebrates and invertebrates.   No, all fish, amphibians and reptiles, not to mention birds and mammals, are vertabrates.  now that still doesnt expalin how i have similarities with fish and amphibians and reptiles!   Sure it does, you, like fish, amphibians and reptiles have a spinal column. You all have the same identifiable bones. You all have living endoskeletons. The salinity of all vertebrate blood is the same. All vertebrates have brains. All vertebrate eyes are aquatic eyes.  There you go, a couple of characteristics of vertebrates!
 We must question all of it. Me must treat all of it as myth until it can be independantly verified by an objective third party. And why must we? You seem to be assuming that having a fantasy religion is less desirable than not having one. In a Darwinistic sense, it appears best to believe whatever your probable mates believe, especially if it is be fruitful and multiply. Darwin actually insists that people be stupid, and be so stupid as to not be convinced through argument (sex, of course, is another matter). Therefore, just enjoy the irony.
 PS: I just saw something typical on TV that made me chuckle. I was watching one of the amazing video shows and a man in the navy, while on an aircraft carrier, was walking by a jet about to launch. He got sucked into the engine ... OUCH! His whole body was taken in and he was messed up pretty good, but didn't die because his helmet got lodged in the blades and temporarily stopped the blades and another crew member immediately signalled for the pilot to shut down the jet. So this guy, when interviewed, says that God must have been looking out for him. WHAT? So God let this guy get sucked into a jet engine ... that's looking out for a person? Tell you what, God, please don't do me any favors!!!!  Isn't that more an example of how people can look at situations from an optimistic or pessimistic viewpoint?  I think our turbine-ingested deck crewman was an optimist and despite his dreadful accident still looked at it from a positive perspective: someone saw him get sucked in and was able to get the pilot to switch of the jet and save his life. The fact that he said God was looking out for him just shows that he is religious- if it had been myself I would have said I was lucky to have crewmates who reacted quickly and in the right way to save my life.
ok saying God was greater than him was a term of repsect dumbbutt. yes they are healed and yes they arent healed.its God's decision. if youre humble sure hell bless you. but it also says honor your father and mother so your days will be long on the earth.  You're in for a visit from the banhammer :)
There are things that man cannot know, but somehow has a need to know, so they make something up or jump on a preexisting bandwagon fueled by faith - believing in something that cannot be proved. The Christian, Jewish and Muslim religions all have one God, a general practitioner, to call on for all things. The Greeks, Aztecs and others had many Gods, specialists, for every thing from war to wine, whose favors could be had for the appropriate sacrifice, such as a goat or a virgin (this would be a difficult thing today since our supply of virgins is at an all time low). In studying today's main religions, I have reached the conclusion that if all professed believers would actually practice what they preach, we would have a better world. Dono i'm agree with you, religions at large preach good things to follow up, is on my view men themselves (and in special the politicians) who are in charge to break and even bring those good things down, so if regretabily this world goes so wrong are not precisely the religions which should be responsibles for that.
I`m new to debating, but I think that that is an example of 'killing a straw man'.   What I was ultimately trying to do was make everyone happy (not possible I know) by refering to the universe and everything in it as God. I thought that this would be grounds for religion and science to agree on, I was obviously wrong. Hey dude good motto eh!, really did Einstein say that?
Not only is the Bible junk, itself helping disprove it's own God, but prayer also fails.  Well I don't believe in God but I always thought that the main thing about prayer was for comfort and calming. Say a loved one just died, and you pray to God to make it all right. A believer would feel better because it is something that seems above your power to control and submitting to a higher power to control it for you is comforting. The reason I don't pray is that I wouldn't be comforted by it anyway because I don't believe it's true.
I'm wondering why someone who lost his faith in no small part to this forum, would then turn around and hack at others faith to try to ridicule and knock their own faith from them?  I'm wondering what hurt you so much that you became that disillusioned and disappointed w/ God?   I have been wondering about my response to your other post, but this seems to keep coming to the forefront as important.  When I read your posts I don't hear the words of someone that seems no more than a tool as some of the others, I hear someone who is pained by this entire thing.  Maybe I'm wrong. But it still begs the question, how did you go from saving to destroying?  Ask yourself what the difference between saving and attacking is and you will find your answer.
Yeah, I haven't seen much substance from Nidder1 either: basically, he just makes a bunch of accusations of wrongdoing on the part of those that don't agree with him ... and gripes endlessly. Perhaps he has something to gripe about. If terran et al are so superior, then they wouldn't be giving him gripe material by poisoning his well, defining his position, using ad hominem circumstantial, telling him to read junk, etc. It is not his responsibility to read any links. This is a debate forum. He's not debating the author of the links.   Face it: "As a Canadian, I'm embarassed by Nidder1" serves no purpose except to discredit Nidder1. If it were idle chitchat it might have just as easily been "I had toast for breakfast", but it wasn't that or anything like that.   If terran et al want Nidder1 to defend something, then for losh sakes they should quote him. He has no burden to support anything he has no claim to.
Jeeze! Toby.  You and Nidder need to get off of the meaningless "poisoning the well" claptrap. If you have a problem with something that someone else posts, then address the issue.  That's precisely what indicating that well poisoning is occurring does. It is meaningless to you, therefore you will keep poisoning wells and complaining about when somebody objects.  Explain why they are wrong. Offer empirical evidence or cite peer reviewed literature. Explain what you mean by "poisoning the well", explain why it is bad, and explain the alternative, supported by evidence.  You evidently have come into this unprepared. Poisoning the well isn't wrong in the sense you seem to mean. If you had wanted to ask what poisoning the well was, why didn't you? You say that it is meaningless and then proceed to wonder what it is. If Nidder1 claims that his well is being poisoned, he can be challenged on this issue. Quote him and challenge him to explain.  You seem to have a fixation of a single buzz-phrase. It really doesn't seem to matter how the discussion goes, your answer is about poisoning the well.  It does seem that way, doesn't it? Well poisoning is endemic on these forums.    It is an indication of someone who is quite new to any sort of discussion and is learning from a book. Please move on to the next chapter. Please try to think for yourself and to respond with meaningful discussion rather than meaningless buzz-words.  This is quite humorous. You are attempting to poison my well.
FWIW, I stopped responding to either toby or Nidder some weeks ago. Any critique of their position, no matter how finely focused on their argument, is dismissed as either an ad hominem attack (Nidder) or 'well poisoning' (toby).  Any critique? I suppose we should consider the critiques in the "I don't see how creation can compete with evolution", which is where you last critiqued my argument on this forum. I didn't complain to you about well poisoning in your critiques, nor in trebor's, nor in jaxian's, nor in thebootfitter's, nor in Winston Smith's, nor in sinjin's, nor in pandion's initial critiques (even though he said I was being called childish). It appears that I replied 17 times before mentioning poisoning the well. Any critique? Surely, this is a vast over statement. Please provide a quote where I claim well poisoning that is not preceded by a personal slight.  When they demand supporting evidence for your views, and you provide it, they refuse to read it and call it 'junk'.  Please provide a quote where I ask for supporting evidence and when provided, refuse to read it and call it junk. You are absolutely making this stuff up.  Neither has a good understanding of basic science - viz  Nidder's apparent belief that the freezing of water is synonymous with snowflake formation.  That's some logic you've got there. I don't have a good understanding of basic science, and you use as evidence Nidder's apparent belief. Please provide a logical demonstration that I don't have a good understanding of basic science. Could it be you're making more assumptions?   There is nothing to be gained by debating these people. In fact, any attempt to do so is futile: they have no grasp of the concept.  That's a hot one. Please demonstrate that I have no grasp of the concept of debate.
The fixation on "well poisoning" indicates a pretty weak mind in the first place.  Gosh! Am I poisoning the well?   I'm also guilty of "poisoning toby's well" on several occasions: he even complains that I've poisoned other people's wells. I had no idea so many wells are still in existence in America: I assumed you had mains water by now.
I can understand people "turning to god" if they have a spiritual nature, however I assume it is very rare for people to get convinced that evolution is blasphemy. It is one of those things you have to be told it from birth. Does anyone personally know anyone that decided later in life that evolution was blasphemy? Dr. Mark Eastman would be a great example. I have personally known more than I can count . Unless you believe in evolution because you want to you won't . The evidence makes more sense logically from a Creationist viewpoint. Both are matters of faith. To believe that there is no logic in seeing the evidence that way is saying Darwin , Crick and Gould were not logical. They choose to believe in evolution but they all saw the overwhelming evidence for design. Read Darwin sometime .  I don't believe in God and Jesus Christ the Kinsman Reddemer of Adam because of the opinion of science although the greatest scientist in history were Christians. You created your god to fit with the personal beliefs of atheists interpretation of evidence. Why ?
How do you assign greatness to scientists in an objective manner? It seems highly subjective...
Hmm... while this statement may be true, I'd like to see you support it. The Greatest Scientist in History was Sir Issac Newton. The most important member of the human race other than Jesus Christ was Louis Pasteur. Enough said.
What exactly do these people say that makes you think that they originally did not think evolution was blasphemy but now they do. I googled eastman and he supports creation but that ultimately does not prove or disprove he used to hink evolution was blasphemy. He used to believe evolution was true. I think what we have here is failure to communicate.
Huh?? Did I create a god? When? Yes you did, your very own god that fits what you wish to believe. It is not the God of Abraham,Issac and Jacob. He believed Moses was a real person and Genesis was history .   Mat 8:4 And Jesus saith unto him, See thou tell no man; but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer the gift that Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.  Mat 17:3 And, behold, there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him.  Mat 17:4 Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here: if thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.  Mat 19:7 They say unto him, Why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorcement, and to put her away?  Mat 19:8 He saith unto them, Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives: but from the beginning it was not so.  Mat 22:24 Saying, Master, Moses said, If a man die, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed unto his brother.  Mat 23:2 Saying, The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat Mar 1:44 And saith unto him, See thou say nothing to any man: but go thy way, shew thyself to the priest, and offer for thy cleansing those things which Moses commanded, for a testimony unto them.  Mar 7:10 For Moses said, Honour thy father and thy mother; and, Whoso curseth father or mother, let him die the death:  Mar 9:4 And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus.  Mar 9:5 And Peter answered and said to Jesus, Master, it is good for us to be here: and let us make three tabernacles; one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elias.  Mar 10:2 And the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife? tempting him.  Mar 10:3 And he answered and said unto them, What did Moses command you?  Mar 10:4 And they said, Moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement, and to put her away.  Mar 10:5 And Jesus answered and said unto them, For the hardness of your heart he wrote you this precept.   Mar 12:26 And as touching the dead, that they rise: have ye not read in the book of Moses, how in the bush God spake unto him, saying, I am the God of Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob?   Yes the God of the Bible did not see Moses as a mythical science fiction writer as you do.  Why do you consider yourself a Christian if you consider Jesus Christ a liar and a fool?  You may notice I have not used the Old Testement at all here. You have to dismiss the entire Bible out of hand to believe in evolution.  It is a conscious choice you make every day.
To answer the very first question posed , I can say for me, yes! I was raised strict southern baptist and it was just unthinkable to claim .. " we came from monkeyes " ...  Now this caused a learning problem for me as I came to believe what I was told ...  The theory of evolution says we came from apes The theory of evolution says we came from fish The theory of evolution says God doesn't exsist...  The list goes on and on. Yet the whole time I don't think any of the christian adults around me, or my parents, took the time to read about it without bias.  I myself had serious doubts from a very young age about the story of creation. And then I heard through only them or, others like them, about evolution.  From their interpitation of it .. Evolution seemed even more far fetched than the creation story that I had doubts about already. This left me with no other idea or explanation as to how it all happened!! For a long time I didn't know what to think. ... I believed neither one of them.  But this isn't a sad tale. We moved , Igot in to Jr high then high school and some of the misconceptions of evolution have been cleared up. I understand now... It's only a theroy. this at least allows us the possibilty to make changes to it if needed. If you reread the post you will see the question is did anyone who use to believe in evolution later decide it way blasphemus.
i like this. lets assume that both are mattes of faith, in that there is the unknown element in both cases (which there is). the only thing left is which fits reality best  the evidence that supports creation is a book written by some middle-east religiously biased men about 4000 years ago. nothing in this book can be replicated or observed, and they defy observable reality  the evidence that supprts the theory of evolution is the observed reality that dna mutates, species that adapt to their environment survive, fossils exist, several aging mechanisms date the planet in the billions of years, and life forms in the millions, and so on.   so, do we believe our own eyes, or what a very very old dtory tells us we should believe. thats what it really comes down to, all other things being equal There are a few slight problems with that theory. First of all the evidence fits perfectly with that book you speak of. If predicts that all creatures came about suddenly and completely formed. This is all we have ever observed. The earliest creatures -according to your theories dating- had incredibly formed eyes etc. and no ancestors among the fossils It also predicts that animals will produce the same kind of animals , this is all that has ever in the history of the world been observed. +It predicts the heavens will show a perfect order and can be used for signs and for seasons and for days and for years. That is all that has ever been observed in the history of the world. It predicts that recorded human history will be less that 10k years. That is what we observe. It predicts that man has always been intelligent and ancient language and buildings confirm this. It predicts that billions of fossils will be found in rock laid down by water all over the world, this we have observed. It predicts there will be pathways in the sea, this is so. It predicts that the heating of the air will create wind and this is so. It predicts that the sea is the source of rain and it is so. It predicted 800 years in advance that the Messiah the King would ride in to erusalem on a donkey to the exact day . That He would be crucified and his side pierced with a spear and cry out My God , My God why has thou forsaken me ?and it was so. It was predicted the ones who crucified him would cast lots for his garments and they did. That three days later He would rise from the dead and He did.  That DNA mutates does not prove anything other that it mutates. It is almost always harrmul or fatal and has never been observed to change one kind of an animal into another.  That the species that adapt to their environment survive and those that don't die is a self evident truth not evidence. About as intellectually stimulating as saying most things who fail to survive die.  Fossils exist. Now that is a brilliant statement. Why not say , water exist , or sand is?   All dating methods are based on circular logic. If the date agrees with the theory it is correct , if not it must be contaminated. It is based on an assumtion of the quantity of some radioactive substance in a material at some time in the past and how much has decayed when compared to the rate of decay gives us a date. Fortunately we already knew the earth was very old or evolution could not have occured. We know how old fossils are because of the rocks they are in and how old the rocks are by the fossils in the rocks. If the 2 are in the wrong place then we know there was an overthrust which is basically a miracle from God which is allowed because evolution needs it.  Life forms in the millions so therefore it must has started out as a random bunch of chemicals that created itself on a planet that created itself and evolved into the millions we see now. Another brilliant deduction. You are on a roll. Believe our eyes. Oh you must mean all those times you are walking down the beach and trip all over the lobe finned fish coming on shore for the first time. Or the thousands of times we have seen a lizard with half a wing or a beaver giving birth to an armadillo. Yes , seeing is believing. You present a brilliant argument. How could anyone argue with your brand of logic? That would be senseless.
So all the creatures you see today came about suddenly and fully formed? And you observed this? If this happened, the only one who couldobserve it is God.  That is what the fossils show.   Most cambrian fossils don't have eyes. And there are pre-cambrian fossils. Many did ans very complex ones at that. There are a few fossils attributed to pre-cambrian sediments , none that explain the diversity, not even close.   No, you said that all creatures appear suddenly and fully formed. That is true never has any one found a single so called transistional that a solid case could be built on. It your theory was true they would be the norm. Statis is the norm. That fits creation perfectly not evolution.  "The several difficulties here discussed, namely-that, though we find in our geological formations many links between the species which now exist and which formerly existed, we do not find infinitely numerous fine transitional forms closely joining them all together;-the sudden manner in which several groups of species first appear in our European formations;- the almost entire absence, as at present known, of formations rich in fossils beneath the Cambrian strata,-are all undoubtedly of the most serious nature. We see this in the fact that the most eminent palaeontologists, namely, Cuvier, Agassiz, Barrande, Pictet, Falconer, E. Forbes, etc., and all our greatest geologists, as Lyell, Murchison, Sedgwick, etc., have unanimously, often vehemently, maintained the immutability of species. (Darwin, Charles R. [English naturalist and co-founder of the modern theory of evolution], "The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection," [1872], Everyman's Library, J.M. Dent & Sons: London, 6th Edition, 1928, reprint, p.318)     Ok, if 356.24... days per year is perfect order then anything can be perfect, eh?  What signs are you talking about? Omens? Astrology now?   Verse? or passage? Where does it say this?   So do 25,000 year old cave paintings.  Gen 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:   It says not one word about fossils. And there are plenty of fossils that have nothing to do with being "laid down by water". Some were buried in tar pits or trapped in amber, etc...  ???????????????? Overwhelmingly they are. If you study the way the fossils are situated at Rancho La Brea it makes perfect sense they were killed in a watery catastrophe . It makes no sense they could have just walked in to the tar.    Now here is where you'll have to show some verses and then wait to be laughed out of here.  Nowhere in the old testament is there any reliable prophecy that predicts the nature or timing of Jesus. Really .  "The voice of one crying in the wilderness: "Prepare the way of the LORD; Make straight in the desert a highway for our God. (NKJV)." Isaiah 40:3   "In those days John the Baptist came preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and saying, 'Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand!' For this is he who was spoken of by the prophet Isaiah, saying: 'The voice of one crying in the wilderness: Prepare the way of the LORD . . . (NKJV).'" Matt. 3:1-3      John the Baptist came before Jesus Christ and let people know that He was coming. What a fascinating period of history. This prediction was given by the prophet Isaiah, 740-680 B.C. History tell us that John the Baptist did in fact come preaching repentance and baptism.    "But you, Bethlehem Ephrathah, though you are small among the clans of Judah, out of you will come . . . one who will be ruler over Israel, whose origins are from of old, from ancient times (NIV)." Micah 5:2   " After Jesus was born in Bethlehem in Judea, during the time of King Herod . . . (NIV)" Matt. 2:1      Micah, 735 - 710 B.C., tells us that the Christ or Messiah will be born in Bethlehem. It is recognized by all that Jesus was indeed born in Bethlehem.  Therefore the Lord Himself will give you a sign: Behold, the virgin shall conceive and bear a Son, and shall call His name Immanuel (NKJV)." Isaiah 7:14   "Joseph, son of David, do not be afraid to take to you Mary your wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Spirit. And she will bring forth a Son, and you shall call His name JESUS, for He will save His people from their sins . . . His name [is] Immanuel (NKJV)" Matt. 1:20-23.    "This is what the LORD says: "A voice is heard in Ramah, mourning and great weeping, Rachel weeping for her children and refusing to be comforted, because her children are no more (NIV)." Jer. 31:15   "When Herod realized that he had been outwitted by the Magi, he was furious, and he gave orders to kill all the boys in Bethlehem and its vicinity who were two years old and under . . .then the [prophecy] was fulfilled (NIV)." Matt. 2:16-4:1      Through the prophet Jeremiah, 627 - 580 B.C., God indicated that some of Israel's children would be killed at the coming of the Messiah.    "When Israel was a child, I loved him, And out of Egypt I called My son." Hosea 11:1   "Now when they had departed, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream, saying, "Arise, take the young Child and His mother, flee to Egypt, and stay there until I bring you word; for Herod will seek the young Child to destroy Him. When he arose, he took the young Child and His mother by night and departed for Egypt, and was there until the death of Herod, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet, saying, "Out of Egypt I called My Son." (NKJV).'" Matt. 2:13-15      This prophecy was given by the prophet Hosea around 750 B.C. This amazing prophecy says that Messiah would come from Egypt. Jesus had to be born into the family of David, born of a virgin, born in Bethlehem, children would die and Jesus come out of Egypt. The prophet must have wondered why Messiah would come out of Egypt. This did not fit the concept the Jews had about Messiah. This is God's plan and these are God's prophecies.      "They divide my garments among them, and for my clothing they cast lots (NKJV)." Ps. 22:18   "Then they crucified Him, and divided His garments, casting lots, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet: "They divided My garments among them, And for My clothing they cast lots (NKJV)." Matt. 27:35     After the soldiers crucified Jesus (nailed Him to the cross), they gambled for Jesus' clothes. Little did they know they were fulfilling a 1000 years old prophecy. The prediction was provided by God through King David.  "I will pour on the house of David and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem the Spirit of grace and supplication; then they will look on Me whom they pierced (NKJV)." Zech. 12:10   "But one of the soldiers pierced His side with a spear, and immediately blood and water came out.  For these things [occurred] that the Scripture should be fulfilled . . . "They shall look on Him whom they pierced (NKJV)." John 19:34-37     Another isolated event predicted in 520-512 B.C. In A.D. 33, some soldier thrust his spear into the side of Jesus to make sure that He would die before 6 pm that evening. Little did he realize that Jesus was already dead (John 19:30) and that he was fulfilling a 480 year old prophecy from Zechariah.   "Even my own familiar friend in whom I trusted, who ate my bread, has lifted up His heel against me (NKJV)." Ps. 41:9   "Judas Iscariot . . . betrayed Him." Matt. 10:4  "that the scripture might be fulfilled, 'He who eats My bread has lifted up his heel against Me (NKJV)." John 13:21-28     This prediction was recorded by King David, 1020 - 970 B.C. It refers to the Messiah's betrayal by His friends. Judas is well known as the one who agreed to help the Romans capture Jesus at a cost of 30 pieces of silver. Peter was another who betrayed Jesus three times.   "See, your king comes to you, righteous and having salvation, gentle and riding on a donkey, on a colt, the foal of a donkey (NIV)." Zech 9:9     "And the disciples . . . brought the donkey and the colt, and laid on them garments, on which he sat. And most of the multitude spread their garments in the road, and others were cutting branches from the trees and spreading them in the road (NIV)." Matt. 21:6-8     Zechariah, 480 - 470 B.C., stated that Messiah, the king, would come riding on a donkey. Donkeys were sometimes ridden in times of peace (Judges 5:10) but stallions were normally used by kings. This is unexpected by those looking for a military Messiah.     If you want more just ask.     For starters, I'd like to direct you to a thread on another board that spells it all out. http://www.evcforum.net/cgi-bin/dm.cgi?action=msg&f=1&t=332&m=1 http://www.evcforum.net/cgi-bin/dm.cgi?action=msg&f=1&t=334&m=1  That link is really lame. It discredits almost all the predictions on the grounds Jesus did not directly mention them. I am not impressed. Try reading the book yourself instead of thinking what your told to think.   Almost but not quite all? It has been observed to change one kind of plant into another. Really, did it take long? ROFL. Did they turn grass into a tree or maybe rice into a tomato? Got pics?   Yeah, evidence for natural selection is so routine it has become boring.   Yup, lifeforms in the millions.  Way too many to fit on a boat.Natural selection has what to do with millions of life forms? Oh, now I remember, that turns cats into dogs, I forget sometimes.
Newton may or may not have been the "Greatest Scientist", but calling him a Christian is a large stretch.  Isaac Newton, heretic Interesting link. I just got a ways into the heretic so I cannot comment too strongly on it. However what I have read so far indicates he was a heritic to the Catholics which would describe me as well. I know Newton had some strange ideas but he absolutley believed the world was created by God , not time and chance. Thanks for the link I will study it.
Thus my wanting to question God. I am strongly pro gay rights. The Bible seems to be pretty strongly anti gay. Not anti gay rapists, just anti gay. If all I knew was that the BIble was "true", then in my estimation that would make God homophobic, which is to say immoral. If you have an omnipotent immoral being hanging around I could see it having a definite negative effect on ones ability to stick to ones morals. On the other hand, if your interpretation is correct then there isn't a problem. But there would be no way to know that unless God submitted to an interview. There are christian faiths that allow there followers to be homosexual. And can you please provide some passages that say that God does not allow homosexuallity.
No. I'm not going down that road here. Take it to religion or gay rights. Nothing against you, but it's just so off topic. Just to make it clear, I'm not gay. Not that theres anything wrong with being gay. I'm sure that if I were a chick, I'd be a lesbian.
It might make me really like god or absolutely hate him.  To create all that fake evidence for evolution either shows a prankster attitude an order of magnitude greater than anything seen so far (makes me like him, a god with a sense of humour would be a very good thing), or it would indicate a real *******. Mayabe the reason that God doesnt reveal himself is so that we deep down dont really know for sure, and therefore choose our own path? Mayabe this is a test to find out who is good, and who is bad?
Mayabe the reason that God doesnt reveal himself is so that we deep down dont really know for sure, and therefore choose our own path? Mayabe this is a test to find out who is good, and who is bad?  Alright I'll accept that. But if God therefore lets us choose our path, God is not omniscent, and the divine plan is therefore subject to the decisions of mere mortals. But that inherently contridicts the orthodox God.
That is illogical. You seem to be suggesting that all who choose one path are good and all that choose the other are bad. The only way that can apply is if you apply the circular logic of declaring that all who choose path A are good. It doesn't test who is good and bad, it tests who will follow which path. If all that a person wants to do in life is make others fail and feel bad about themselves to make yourself look and feel more sucessfull, then would you be a person who would fit in in a good environment? Or would someone who went through life trying to help others suceed and feel better about themselves enjoy an atmosphere of goodness more? Im thinkin the ******* would be better placed in with people who have the same agenda as him/her.
why would making the good option more apparent mean the choice still doesnt exist? if god were to walk around claiming he was god and doing godly things, do you think there wouldnt be a huge portion of the world that would still choose to reject him? if that were the case, then there should be absolutely no christians in the world today. if the choice of sinful or righteous exists (and in many minds it does), then the manifestation of either god or the devil will do very little to change people's freedom of choice. If you absolutely knew 100% for sure that god and the devil existed, then you would be absolutely terrified to do anything for fear that it may be something that will damn you to hell. Not knowing for sure has a lot to do with the freedom of choice that god so kindly gave us.
What I want to know is exactly what kind of candy are we talking about here ? Is it those awful candies that you will only eat if you are dying of starvation or those yummy ones that you will kill for ? MMMmmmm... candy. pmplmao!!!
Alright I'll accept that. But if God therefore lets us choose our path, God is not omniscent, and the divine plan is therefore subject to the decisions of mere mortals. But that inherently contridicts the orthodox God. You are stating that the outcome for mere mortals is dictated by mere mortals. What does this have to do with gods omniscence? This is the definition of free will. God does not controll our every move and I am greatfull to him for that. I just hope that he shows me the right path through life so that when I am at lifes end, I get to go to a place where there are people with good hearts, and not to a place where there are people who wish to make me seem like a lesser person to improve how they are seen.
God is not a necessity to support ethics. Otherwise atheists and agnostics would have no moral compass to guide them and we know this is not the case.   Maybe you have misbehaved all these years and you thought you were a good little girl. Only God knows! I think mayabe even the most hardened athiests are not 100% sure, and this may be where there morality stems from. Or mayabe the laws of there country that they were raised to obey?
You are stating that the outcome for mere mortals is dictated by mere mortals. What does this have to do with gods omniscence?  Everything. If your decisions are your choice, and are not written in the divine plan, God cannot know what you will do, and if it does not know that, it cannot be ominscient.
Everything. If your decisions are your choice, and are not written in the divine plan, God cannot know what you will do, and if it does not know that, it cannot be ominscient. Just because you are free to choose your own destiny, doesnt mean that god doesnt know what the outcome will be.
how do you know that God doesn't control your every move? I dont. And thats what allows me to choose my own destiny. If I want to be a rotten person, then I can do so without knowing 100% for sure that the devil is laughing and god is disappointed with me.
If the outcome of a destiny is known before it is even started, that negates free will Not if you arent the one who knows. Just because he knows the final outcome of what you will do, doesnt mean that he is making you do what you do.
interesting. would you then say that laws against certain behaviors (such as murder and rape) are also restricting free will? i mean, knowing that selling drugs will very likely end you up in jail, yet there are drug dealers all over, and every day they are getting busted. it still doesnt stop those that chose to deal drugs from doing so. so huw much does a known consequence really affect free will? That isnt an absolute. There are lots of drug dealers that never get caught. Although, I dont often see anyone try to dive down to the titanic with a snorkel and fins. Even though there isnt a law against that. But I am just pointing out an absolute consequence, wich in this case would be death.
You missed my point: you may believe you are exercising your free will, but you may not as God may be controlling the way you make decisions. He is controlling my decisions. Stealing is wrong, so I dont steal. Even when my life would be easier if I did. But I have the choice to do so if I want to.
Why? It doesn't matter if you are forced, the matterv is that it is known. I know that the sun is commin up tomorrow. Does that mean that the sun is predestined to do so?
but even in the cases where there is the absolute consequence of death, such as shooting oneself in the head, it does not prevent people from making that choice. people seem to have no problem knowing the inevitable dire consequences of a decision and still making that decision. But they dont know for sure that they are going to not ever be conscious ever again, or if they are going to go to heaven or hell. Thats what I am saying. You have the choice to do whatever you want without knowing for sure what the concequences are. That is what allows for free will. The fact that you dont really know of god is out there, ready to lay the smack down of you **** him off.
in exactly one week away from now, there are virtually infinity possible different things you could be doing at that specific time. this is because there are an infinite number of possble ways and orders an infinite number of possible events could occur between now and that time. also, there are an infinite number of ways you could react to these infinite events, making infinity endings to the event-paths to next week  lets say i can travel into the future one week from now. i am now seeing the things that you will do next week. if the future i am seeing right now is the true future, then you will do nothing but fulfill what i am seeing next week. in order to do exactly what i am seeing you doing next week, a specific sequence of events throughout the entire world must occur in a very specific way and order. these events can do nothing but occur in exactly that way and order so that what i see you doing next week will be fulfilled.  in order to see the future exactly as it will occur, the events that will take place and the reactions that you will make to these events must also be specific to the outcome of next week's future. in other words, the single and specific action that you will be taking next week at this time can only be achieved if the specific path that leads to that specific event is followed. this path consists of the events that you encounter, and the reactions you make to these events. furthermore, nothing but these specific events and specific reactions can occur during this week, otherwise what you will be doing in exactly a week from now will be different to what i saw you doing next week in my time-travel trip  since no events except the specific events leading up to your foreseen actions can occur, and since no reactinos to these events except the specific reactions leading up to what i saw next week can occur, it means that there are no possible options to encounter or react to any other events than those in that specific event-path. there are no options other than those you must follow in order to stay on that event-path, therefore there are no choicesSo to dumb this up, are you saying that as you walk along a trail and the trail splits, and you choose the trail that leads to the left, the trail on the right ceases to exist? Or am I misinterpreting what you are saying? Hey! I think you just discribed a mutant version of schrodingers thought experiment. until something is observed it exists in all possible states. Once observed though, the wave function collapses into a single state. Somebody grab this and run with it!
yes. time cannot be back-tracked. if you take the left path, you cannot at a later time end up where the right path would have taken you  you have to remember, arriving at a certain "time", from a wholistic view, means not only your location, state, action and physicality at that time, but also your mental state. the experiences you have stored in your mind, along with the location, posture, emotion, state and physical composition that you are in at this moment is unique, and only achievable by experiencing exactly what you've experienced throughtout your lifetime, and reacting exactly the way youve reacted to these experiences throughout your life time. every new experience you encounter and reaction you make puts you in a new wholistic state. such a state can be accomplished no other way, and by no other person.Thats not what quantum ambiguity shows.
References for your claim are?? Irwin schroedinger. Wave/particle experiments, Albert Einstein, Steven Hawkins. The quantum computer is based on the fact that a particle can exist in more than one state at the same time. Could this be one thing travelling down two paths at once?
It says that it can be ambigiuos to a point. SHow me where the path can be changed once known The outcome does change once known in the double slit experiment. When a single photon is observed passing through one of the slits, its state collapses to a point particle. If it is not observed, the photon quanta exibits characteristics akin to a wave. This means that until cause and effect are observed, the outcome will be every possible variation. 1 the photon is emitted from the source. 2 the photon passes through the double slit barrier wich either is or is not detecting wich one of the two slits the photon passes through. 3 the photon arrives at the detector as either a particle if it was observed passing through the slit. Or a wave if it was not. This means that as the photon is manifested in the source its state is affected by the observation that will or will not happen in the future at the double slit barrier. This is an example of a future event effecting the past.
i still dont see what this has to do with what i said. the photon cannot at one point be a wave, then manifest the properties of a particle later in its journey. if it passes through the barrier as a wave, it is detected as a wave, if a particle, it is detected as such. there is no back-tracking involved, no rejoining of destination, no known outcome prior to passing the barrier. unless i totally missed what you were saying... You misunderstand the concept. By observing the photon passing through one of the slits, the detector causes the photon to be a particle. If the photon passes through the same experiment only without a detector present it manifests itsself as a wave. The ditector is not linked to the source, and therefore the ditector changes what happens at the source before the photon leaves the ditector. The effect influences the cause, what happens at the destination affects the path.
very well. if this is the case then the detector's presnence must affect the properties of the radiation. even so, what does this have to do with knowing the outcome of something before it happens? my argument is that when a choice is made and a consequent action taken (which is mostly a reaction to something else), it moves the individual forward on an irreversible event-path which results in that individual's present state. if any future state of that individual is known, it means that the event-path needed to get to that state is also predefined and established. simply put, a foreseen future removes free willI disagree with your statement that a forseen future removes free will, unless the future is open to be viewed by everyone. But you may be right, or mayabe the future cannot be seen by even God. I dont know, Ive never been able to test this. But my view is still the same, a forseen future does not remove free will.
With regards to the function of time, the outcome depends upon whether time is linear and uni-dimensional, or not. The concept of alternate dimensions/realities/ parallel universes hints at multi-dimensional timeflow though how that relates to our reality is rather less than clear and opens a whole can of worms regarding what reality actually is. There is some experimental evidence of non-linear time though by its very nature this is extremely bizare. Do you have any links to any of this experimental evidence?
Mainly, the reason is you are incapable of making any other choice. YOu just THINK you have the choice.   For there to be a choice, there has to be the possiblity of multiple outcomes. If there is only one possible outcome (because of 100% foreknowledge), then there is no choice. The uncertainly principle goes out the window, and we all are puppets, dancing to the strings of neccessity. You made the choice, he just happens to know what choice you are going to make in advance. This doesnt mean that he forced you to make that choice. If you were forced to make the choice, then free will would be taken away.
No links as such but if you visit any of the physics groups eg. on Yahoo the material is occasionally discussed. 2 items spring to mind; 1, The observation of sub-atomic particles which are capable of time travel. (I'm not a quantum mechanic so can't really help you on that one) 2, An experiment to show the effect of temporal dilation as predicted by Einstein. Essentially the experiment involved 2 synchronised atomic clocks, one of which was flown around on Concorde, the one from the plane showed that the plane had experienced less time than the clock on the ground.  As we exist in a state of linear time trying to think in terms of non-linear time really messes with your head. Yes, I have heard about the time dialation experiment, and also ran across a theory that if there were one particle that could travel both forward and backwards in time, it could theoretically make up all matter in the universe, cause it could appear everywhere at every moment by popping in and out of every instant at every coordinate. As well, time has no meaning to a photon because it travels at the speed of light. The beginning of the universe and now would be the same thing for the photon.
I volunteer to judge said debate! :)
Science in my opinion is based on "Observable evidence and things that can be proven scientifically" seeing that Creationism is neither of these and we have to base it on a book that could contain bias, false evidence, and other things...I rule that it is NOT scientific although it may be a theory.
That is just sickening. You disgust me
Isn't the expression, "death knell"? What is a death nail?
I agree. How can a god that has shown us no suffician evidence of his existance, expect us to believe in him/her. I do believe in a higher power, but not a "God", not one who judges, or hates, or does whatever. We personify god. People create, and people judge. Not "god". Thats a very compact piece of logic.  I imagine that you are a very efficient individual.
To me, "Theistic evolutionists" is an extreme contradiction. I mean, either you have faith that the Bible is the true word of God or you don't. I don't see how you can pick and choose what you care to believe out of the Bible. How can one believe in the miracle of Jesus' birth and resurrection yet not believe that Adam and Eve were real people? Amen, brother. 'Course, on the other hand, how can you disbelieve one without disbelieving the other? Seems to me you have a perfect symmetry here. I find it a contradiction to somehow believe that God is great enough to create the universe, yet He somehow needed billions of years to do so. Once again, bro, amen. So, what did it need? A trillionth of a microsecond? A trillionth of that? Hang on - what's that you're saying? Six days? SIX DAYS? Sorry, bro, but a god that needs six whole days to complete creation is pretty much as feeble - certainly as time-limited - as one who needs billions of years. Relatively speaking, of course. Any good, red-blooded all-Amurcan god woulda created the universe in an instant. Six days? What're you, some kinda commie atheist or sumpn?
if all the DNA in the human body was stretched out it would circle the moon 6,000 times! To be honest, I think it probably wouldn't. I think it would sort of lie on the lab floor in a huge messy heap, while everyone tried to figure out how to get it back in.
To me, "Theistic evolutionists" is an extreme contradiction. I mean, either you have faith that the Bible is the true word of God or you don't. I don't see how you can pick and choose what you care to believe out of the Bible. How can one believe in the miracle of Jesus' birth and resurrection yet not believe that Adam and Eve were real people? I find it a contradiction to somehow believe that God is great enough to create the universe, yet He somehow needed billions of years to do so. If God is all-powerful, then His words should be all that's needed. To me, the world is proof that God is all-powerful. The beauty and complexity is just staggering. (if all the DNA in the human body was stretched out it would circle the moon 6,000 times!)  http://www.ba-education.demon.co.uk/for/science/dna.html  Your arrogance is astounding.   Christanity is not synonymous with religion or a belief in a diety. I see you have failed to post on the thread asking how evolution is atheistic despite the numerous faithful and religions that accept evolution.   Plus you are denying the natural world of God, which in certain angle is blasphemy.
As I pointed out above, marc really means a phony Christian, which still leaves him with Miller as a theistic evolutionist. So really, marc can assassinate Miller's character regarding being a True Christian all day, but he's still stuck with a prominent theistic evolutionist being a thorn in his side. Or at least, it would be if not for marc's willful ignorance; remember, to marc, if one isn't a Christian, Jew, or Muslim, that person is an atheist.  Correction: If one isn't a fundementalist, literal christian, jew or muslim, then marc considers them a atheist.   He's never going to deal with the fact that he's quite wrong on that subject. It's obvious to everyone that he's constantly avoiding it even when asked point blank several times. A sign of argumental failure is constant avoidance of a simple question.
And evolution isn't atheistic!! :p Do you ever wonder how these peoples' minds work, SS????  Your satire needs work. At least you proved I'm right, you can't deal with your asinine claims about evolution being atheistic.
Can someone with a brain explain this to me:  How does taking genesis as a metaphor change anything relevant in the bible?   The same morals and values are still there. The known history is still there.   So genesis was simply a way of explaning to ignorant, nomadic israelities how the world came to be in a manner they'd understand. How does this change anything in the bible?   I'd think that the RCC's constant changing of the bible to suit its secular goals is far more damaging then taking genesis as a metaphor.  But what do I know? After all a education, rational throught processes and a understanding of logic don't mean anything to religious nutjobs.
I won't claim to be a Bible expert or an abnormal psychologist, but my understanding is that most fundies believe that the whole apple-from-the-tree-of-knowledge bit is the root of all sin for which Jesus allegedly died. No apple, no sin. And the fundies need the concept of sin so they can threaten to punish evildoers and feel superior to people who missed out on the inhuman indoctrination.  That's more then a little frightening as they place the value of sin over the value of morals and ethics of the bible. That would seem to indicate they are more concerned with keeping their specific beliefs intact rather then supporting and promoting values and morals.
I won't claim to be a Bible expert or an abnormal psychologist, but my understanding is that most fundies believe that the whole apple-from-the-tree-of-knowledge bit is the root of all sin for which Jesus allegedly died. No apple, no sin. And the fundies need the concept of sin so they can threaten to punish evildoers and feel superior to people who missed out on the inhuman indoctrination.  Apple isn't actually specified though the "fruit of the tree of knowledge" is usually interpreted as an apple. It has also been interpreted as a fig. Of course this leads to the more the allagorical interpetation.
You do have a point. You claim to be a Christian and it is quite clear that you aren't.  Most creationists behave in manners Jesus would severely rebuke them for. Marc9000 is no different. It would seem to indicate that the foundation of Creationism is rooted in abandoning the teachings of Christ (largely humility, and honesty) over a part of the bible that is more or less irrevelant to the morals and values of the very same book.
They can only have two views. Either the book of Genesis is true, or it is false.    That is the logical fallacy of 'false dichotomy'. It could also be allegory.  Also, the Book of Genesis does not promote the concept of 'original sin'. that was added on later , mildly by paul and then expanded upon by Saint Augustus.   So, there are many theists that use Genesis that do not believe in original sin.
They can only have two views. Either the book of Genesis is true, or it is false.  Wrong. There are a number of views on genesis.   1) Genesis is a literal story 2) Genesis is false as a literal story 3) Genesis is a metaphorical story to explain the origin of the world to people without a understand of the world much less science. 4) Genesis is merely a story that provides the setting for the morals and values of Christanity.   personally 3 makes the most sense to me.   Trying to explain astrophysics, evolution and general science to ignorant, nomadic israelites is quite retarded. If I was trying to do it, I'd have a similar form of genesis as well.   Plus you're forgetting that the flood and creation stories are just rip offs of enuma elish and Gilgamesh. They aren't even Christian in origin
Verbal prayer offered in a school is unconstitutional, even if that prayer is both voluntary and denominationally neutral. (Engel v. Vitale, 1962; Abington v Schemp, 1963; Commissioner of Education v School Commitee of Leyden, 1971)  Nevermind "the American Jewish Committee, and the Synagogue Council of America each submitted briefs urging the Court to instead reverse and rule that the prayer was unconstitutional."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engel_v._Vitale  So Marc, do you consider Jews to be Atheists?   Schempp was a Unitarian who filed agnaist abington on a state law "that required his children, specifically Ellery Schempp, to hear and sometimes read portions of the Bible as part of their public school education."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abington_School_District_v._Schempp  Commissioner of Education v School Commitee of Leyden 1971 not found on the internet, lexis nexis nor findlaw.   A city council meeting can pray, as long as they don't say the name of Jesus. (Rubin v City of Burbank, 1999)  How is that atheistic? All it does is enforce neutrality between various religions specifically as the establishment clause dictates  In Omaha, Nebraska, a student was prohibited from reading hils Bible silently during his free time, or even to open it at school. (Gierke v Blotzer, 1989)  No such case exists on findlaw or lexis nexis.   It is unconstitutional for a war memorial to be erected in the shape of a cross. (Lowe v City of Eugene, 1969)  Not quite.   "The trial court, in a suit for declaratory relief, ordered the City of Eugene and the other named defendants to remove from a public hilltop park a neon-lighted concrete"  It's okay to have a war memorial erected in the shape of a cross in private property.   Source  So you're 0-4 with a no file found for 2.   Atheist activists are working on that.  Sure they are. You'll remember it was a jewish family in Delware who sued the state for Christian oriented prayers.  http://www.washingtonjewishweek.com/main.asp?SectionID=4&SubSectionID=4&ArticleID=5571&TM=67131.25  and it was another Jewish + Mormon group that sued Texas for much of the same.  So do you consider Jews and Mormons to be atheists?
Yes, that's the one! The one where activist courts change our traditional government to cram atheism down everyone's throats! Rehnquist spelled it out very nicely.  The minority opinion of one justice does not stack up against the 150+ years similar cases have been coming before the Supreme Court and being ruled on. The insistance that Religous Nuts aren't allowed to shove their specific religion down others throats via the government is not shoving atheism down everyones throat. It is not allowing jerks to use the government to promote their religion.
I believe that's true, and as a "believer" (creationist), here is what is hard to understand about that; In Matthew, 12:30, Jesus says "He who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters". It is safe to say that both creationists and theistic evolutionists would accept that statement from Jesus, and would seek to be "with" him, while agnostic and atheists would consider themselves "not with" him. Yet theistic evolutionists are comfortable to (usually politically) be "with" agnostics and atheists, and separate themselves from creationists. If they're genuine Christians, knowing about the warnings in the Bible about false teachings, how can they be comfortable with that?  1. Creationists deny God. You can't be "with Jesus" and deny God. So being with creationists is not being with Jesus.  2. Theistic evolutionists are not "with" atheists. That is, we disagree with atheism the faith. We agree that evolution happened, but we have no choice. We can't deny the evidence God left us in His Creation. What we do disagree with is the atheistic interpretation that evolution denies God. The scientific data doesn't support that conclusion.  3. You took Matthew 12:30 out of context. Jesus is talking about his conflict with the Pharisees -- which are those insisting on a literal interpretation of the Bible. He is not talking about agnostics and atheists.   The reason his sentiments confirm the worst fears of creationists isn't because Lewontin alone has those sentiments, it's because creationists can clearly see those sentiments in the NY Times editorial board, CNN, ABC, Dan Rather, Handgun Control, The Sierra Club - the list is almost endless. Miller continues;  1. I disagree with Miller's analysis of Lewontin. In several instances, Lewontin is making fun of the view.  2. Not everyone who disagrees with every position you hold is trying to force you.    His mistake here, is that evolution isn't any of those social moral things because it shouldn't be. Yet he clearly shows, from Lewontin's words, that it IS.   No, what Miller shows is that Lewontin has mistaken evolution for something it is not. Evolution really isn't any of those social moral things. People mistakenly try to link evolution with those -- such as the creationist claim that Hitler's racial policy was based on evolution -- but in reality evolution isn't it.   Ideas are statements. Scientific theories are statements about the physical universe. You must distinguish between what the idea really is and what some people say the idea is.  Militant atheists like to say that evolution mandates atheism. Of course they would say that, because they are promoting atheism. But you have to ask the question: does evolution REALLY mandate atheism? When you look at the statements of evolution, you find that it doesn't. No matter what militant atheists say. Just like creationism is a refuted scientific theory no matter how often creationists say it is valid.   We have to make political decisions about evolution based on how best selling authors like Richard Dawkins USE IT to make themselves "intellectually fulfilled atheists".   NO YOU DON'T! That's the point. You should make decisions on what evolution really is, not what Dawkins tries to use it for.  As it happens, Dawkins is correct that evolution does allow atheists to be intellectually fulfilled. Evolution negates the Argument from Design as "proof" of the existence of God. So, before evolution, atheism was an irrational faith. Now atheism is a rational faith. BUT, all evolution did was show a "proof" of God was incorrect. Not that God did not exist, but that a particular "proof" didn't work. That's truth. Get used to it.  If Miller is genuinely disturbed about "atheists in the scientific community who routinely enlist the material findings of evolutionary biology in support of their own philosophical pronouncements", why doesn't he distance himself from them, in political matters? He joined them in the recent Dover case, and he has in many others.   Because evolution is how God created. Sorry, but we can't lie to our kids. We can't tell them creationism is true when God tells us it is false.  But wait a minute! Hasn't science found that it's scientifically impossible for Jesus to be born of a virgin - no Y-chromosome?  No. That's the point. Science, properly understood, does not tell us the miracle is impossible. Instead, if the miracle happened, our scientific theories would have to be modified.  Why is it okay for him to accept the virgin birth of Christ, and riducule anyone who believes in the creation of the first man, Adam?  Because there is no evidence against the virgin birth and there is considerable evidence against Adam -- including the text of Genesis 1.   If God could handle the Y-chromosome, couldn't God also handle creating the first, fully formed man?  God could. But God didn't.   It becomes more and more clear why atheists are comfortable with theistic evolution. If there was no Adam, there was no original sin, and no genealogy as described in the book of Genesis, only monkeys.  1. Militant atheists are not comfortable with theistic evolutionists. PZ Meyer regularly castigates Miller for his position.  2. Jesus died for our sins, not Adam's. The Adam and Eve is an allegory with Adam and Eve standing for each and every one of us. We ALL disobey God at some point in our life. The insistence on creaitonism has caused creationists to miss the point of Genesis 2-3.   Then ALL the basics of Christianity, the nature of God and central New Testament teachings, including the way the sinner Adam (one man)and the Savior Jesus (one man) are linked together in Romans 5, 16-18, are trivialized just the way atheists love.  Paul was trying to explain Christianity and Judaism to gentiles. He was trying to put Jesus into Judaism in a way that would make sense to people who were not Jewish. Don't read that so literally.  He finishes the book with "What kind of God do I believe in? The answer is in these words. I believe in Darwin's God."   And what does he mean by that? You apparently don't have a clue. Tell me, do you have any idea what "secondary cause" is?
 There should be more of a difference between them than there is. Going by the phrases that I highlighted in the above quotes from dictionary.com, an agnostic would be "noncommittal" - we see several on these forums who claim to be agnostic that commit themselves to declaring the Bible is mythology, etc. Huxley himself didn't seem very noncommittal.   Your true god is showing -- the Bible.  Agnostic refers to a position on GOD. You can declare the Bible to be mythology but still be non-committal on the existence of GOD. After all, the Bible is NOT God.  If an agnostic "refrains from commitment to any religious doctrine" yet commits to atheistic doctrine, (as we see all the time) then the difference between them is practically indistinguishable. As we can see, dictionary.com refers to them as synonyms.  No, what it means is that the "agnostic" is not applying the correct label to himself. You are confusing the advocates of an idea (people) with the idea.   Yes, many atheists try to call themselves "agnostic". Why? Because it disguises that atheism is a faith. But atheism and agnosticism are different. And Huxley was agnostic. He didn't have much use for the politics of Anglicanism -- particularly their control of science -- but he was genuinely agnostic. Huxley did not deny the existence of God.  The idea is very simple:  The basic question is: Does a deity(ies) exist? There are 3 possible answers: 1. I believe deity exists. This is theism, deism, polytheism. 2. I believe a deity does not exist. This is atheism. 3. I don't know whether a deity exists or not. This is agnosticism.
So does anyone have a few cases that actually show gov't 'shoving atheism' down the nation's throat?
I find that Marc's notion funny that the US Gov is shoving Atheism down the Country's throat, when the President is a self confessed Christian and the party in power in both House's is the party that Bible Belt vote for.  If the US Government is trying to shove Atheism down the nations throat then all those self confessed Christians on Capital Hill must be Charlatans.  I love how Marc is just detached from reality. I doubt he'll reply to how he's so wrong about the cases he listed. Two can't even be found on Findlaw.
No, but sometimes I consider some Jewish groups (there are many) to be sometimes wrong.  Doesn't mean they are atheist. And most people here consider you wrong on just about everything.   So it doesn't exist? I just made it up?   No, but it is possible that the site you stole it off of did. I ran a search for the case and the only places it was found was on sites that had verbatim what you posted. Given the nature of Findlaw and Nexis Lexis, it is a good possibility that whoever wrote the piece you plargarized did make it up. And I see by your silence that you admit your other example doesn't classify  Small steps. Atheism is increasing just like taxes have increased over the last 50 years.  You mean views that aren't identical to yours. Btw, you've failed to reply to my direct challenge about what constitutes atheism. And please, how does this case even promote your idiotic concept? There cannot be laws favoring or disfavoring one religion over the other. Mandatory bible readings is a direct violation of the 1st ammendment. You'd be agreeing if the text was the Koran instead of the bible, so stop being a hypocritical jack***.  So it doesn't exist it you can't find it. Well, you gotta give me credit, I made up some pretty cool imaginary names, didn't I? Really now, legal things are going on in the U.S. that can't be just popped up on the net any old time. I see them in books - the authors I trust don't cross every T and dot every I on referencing any worse than Richard Dawkins, or some of your other heros.  Apparently you have no idea what findlaw and lexis nexis are. And who is Dawkins? 90% of the authors you cite I have no idea who they are.   Not quite. It's easy for anyone with an open mind to see that today's courts are ruling on and about things differently than they did only a few decades ago. As I've said before - when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined.  And have consistantly failed to prove. the 4 of your cases that do exist have nothing to do with atheism. 2 of them were filed by believers. One is aganist the mandatory bible reading. One is aganist religious symbols on public property.  You have nothing and it shows.   One Jewish family, yes. They don't represent all Jews.  How is believing in a God consituted as atheism? Do you even know what atheism is?   Atheism: 2 a : a disbelief in the existence of deity b : the doctrine that there is no deity   How is believing in the Jewish God disbelieving in the existance of a diety?  Is the jewish God not a God in their eyes? You're digging your own grave here.   One Jewish + Mormon group, yes. They don't represent all Mormons and Jews.  Again, last time I checked, Mormons believed in Christ. Jews in the Jewish God.  You just called your own God not a God  Guess what Marc considers himself a Atheist as the christian God is considered by him to no longer be a God
First you say he isn't a true christian and then you accuse him of worshiping the devil? I don't think you can make much of a connection there.  He doesn't have a connection anywhere. First he does not consider jews to be atheists. Then he argued that evolution and its believers are atheists, nevermind millions of jews accepting evolution. So apparently Judaism is atheistic while being theistic at the same time. Then he claimed that a jewish family was a bunch of atheists at the same time as believing in the Jewish God. Therefore he must consider the jewish God not to be a God. Then he called a mormon group, who believes in Jesus, to be atheists. Therefore the Christian God must therefore not be a God.   Marc considers himself a atheist as he does not see the Christian God as a a God
I can't find Leyden or Blotzer on any site except fundementalist sites that claim what Marc does.   Unless we have access to the case files itself or at least a summary, it's not worth considering.  If Findlaw and Lexis don't have it, it is immaterial to the judicial system.
No, but in a political decision with only two choices, if they side with atheists, in that case they are indistinguishable from atheists.  No. In a political decision there are a number of choices. So you're saying that jewish groups who believe in the JEWISH GOD are indistinguishable who reject the existance of a GOD?  Again, Marc9000 shows his inability to understand what atheism is  Most people here, yes. When comparing what goes on here (particularly poll results) to what goes on in most Federal and local governments all across the U.S. it's easy to see that the general population isn't represented here at all. Did you know that Air America Radio just filed for chapter 11?  That's not relevant and you know it.   Last line of post #39 in the other thread.   which thread?   Nothing included in this country's foundation was based on the Koran. The Thanksgiving day proclamation, the opening of many govornment activities by prayer in our country's beginning - there are many examples of how a reference to the Judeo Christian religion does not violate the first amendment in any way. (Until "separation of church and state" became the most abused phrase among atheists that this country has ever seen, that is)  Again, not revelant. There is no doubt you'd be in a massive fit if a state school had public mandatory reading of the Koran. Stop being a giant hypocrite.   Lexis Nexis is a pay search engine that I don't subscribe to. I can guess what findlaw is.  And doesn't it tell you something when neither have anything on the cases you cited that can only be found in passing on anti-atheism websites? you can't even find the summary of the case. I smell dishonesty.  The authors I cite are evolutionists, and they are also politically active atheists. They are masters at blending the two, and incorporating them into politics, and school curriculums. If you would have taken me up on my debate challange, I would have shown you.   no one will take you up on that debate because your resolution was meaningless and you refused to accept textbook definition. And besides, they have nothing to do with the actuality of the theory.   In the past, "believers" weren't filing them.  So? fallacy: argument to the past. How is atheism being crammed down the nation's throat when it is believers who are filing the lawsuits, Christians in Congress the Whitehouse AND the judicial system passing down the laws and rulings?  Charlatans all of them eh? All them atheists? hhahaha   Mandatory Bible reading and religious symbols on public property weren't a problem in the past.  Again, fallacy: argument to the past. The mere mention of a single group that believes filing removes your asinine ideas from the realm of reason.   You're very angry and it shows.  Not really. I actually enjoy publically shreading your posts. It reminds me why I got a education and pity those who did not.   In my "atheist activist" quote above, I was mainly referring to Michael Newdow. I actually admire him a little, he's an atheist who actually admits what he is.  Irrevelant.   Then I said one Jewish family doesn't necessarily represent all Jews - I never called them atheists.  You merely agreed that you considered them atheists.   Then you got me - I was tired. I meant to say certain Mormon or Jewish group can be wrong.  in your eyes.   But again, if a political desicion has only two choices, and Jewish and Mormon groups side with atheists, at least in that moment there is no difference between them.  Merely that one believes in a God and the other's ideology is defined by rejection of the belief in the existance of such Gods. Kind of important don't you say?  And your argument relies upon a massive IF.  At least you admit you were wrong.
Small steps. Atheism is increasing just like taxes have increased over the last 50 years.  Even if true, it is irrelevant.   What has happened over the last 50 years is  1. Atheists have decided not to have theism forced on them. 2. Courts have been willing to acknowledge that atheism is a valid faith and not force theism on them.  When the Establishment Clause was written, atheism was an irrational faith and could be safely ignored. The First Amendment was meant to protect theists from one another. Specifical one denomination from other denominations of Christians.   However, atheism is now a rational faith. Therefore it has to be considered when we consider separation of church and state. No longer can the state by basically theist and just have separation of the state from particular versions of theism. Instead, the state must be agnostic and be separate from ANY version of theism.   So it doesn't exist it you can't find it. Well, you gotta give me credit, I made up some pretty cool imaginary names, didn't I? Really now, legal things are going on in the U.S. that can't be just popped up on the net any old time. I see them in books - the authors I trust don't cross every T and dot every I on referencing   If it can't be found on Lexis it doesn't exist. Have you considered that the people you trust are not worthy of that trust and do make up cases to scare you?  [quote] As I've said before - when church and state are separated, atheism and state are combined./quote]  That doesn't follow. Yes, the courts are ruling differently than they did a century ago. However, that is because they are realizing that the situation is different than it was a century ago. The courts are recognizing that it is unconstitutional to force theism on atheists.  BTW, you don't represent Christians, either.
No, but in a political decision with only two choices, if they side with atheists, in that case they are indistinguishable from atheists.  No, they are not. It means that one of the political choices forces a view of theism that they don't share down their throats.   Remember, the Establishment Clause was originally designed to protect theists from other theists! So, some of the policies seek to establish a particular type of theism -- Fundamentalism -- over other types of theism.  I submit that it is actually worse. The policies seek to establish Fundamentalism, but Fundamentalism is NOT theism. So the objection of Mormons and Jews is that they don't want the state to establish a false idol as a state faith.    the general population isn't represented here at all.   The general population is not supposed to be represented in court cases, particularly ones involving Bill of Rights issues. The court is supposed to prevent the tyranny of the majority and protect the mimority view from such tyranny.  Nothing included in this country's foundation was based on the Koran.   So?   The Thanksgiving day proclamation, the opening of many govornment activities by prayer in our country's beginning - there are many examples of how a reference to the Judeo Christian religion does not violate the first amendment in any way.   Thanksgiving is a secular holiday. But yes, the Judeo-Christian denominations did violate the 1st Ammendment. In 1800 Massachusetts taxed anyone not belonging to the Congregational Church. In Virginia, anyone not belonging to the Anglican Church was taxed. Two different denominations of Christianity were the established churches in those states.   It was Methodists, Baptists, and Presbyterians who were doing the objecting. Judeo-Christianity is not a monolith like you are trying to pretend. There are 20,000 Christian denominations.  It is worse because Fundamentalism is not Christian. So, even if we say that Judeo-Christianity does not violate the 1st Ammendment, Fundamentalism does. Of course, in the presence of Islam, Hinduism, Mormonism, and atheism, Judeo-Christianity can indeed violate the 1st Ammendment if the government supports that religion exclusively.  The authors I cite are evolutionists, and they are also politically active atheists. They are masters at blending the two, and incorporating them into politics, and school curriculums.   Not in school curriculums. I have yet to see any creationist document where evolution is taught as atheism in public schools K-12. If you have such documentation, please share it. I will pass it on to NCSE so it can be corrected.  Mandatory Bible reading and religious symbols on public property weren't a problem in the past.   But they should have been. Part of the reason was that non-Christians simply didn't have the courage to challenge them. And Christians didn't have the sensitivity to realize the mistake they were making. Now both conditions have been met. It's time for Christians to realize their mistake and correct it.  Then I said one Jewish family doesn't necessarily represent all Jews - I never called them atheists.   But again, if a political desicion has only two choices, and Jewish and Mormon groups side with atheists, at least in that moment there is no difference between them.  Hmm. if there is no "difference", that is the same as saying they ARE atheists. Apparently you don't consider the meaning of what you post.
What more of us need to ask ourselves when a liberal atheist "votes" for Christian candidates, is if the Christian candidate is actually a Christian, or a PRETEND Christian. Some pretend Christians have thinner disguises than others.   Marc, you have just convinced me. You are a pretend Christian, trying to show the stupidty of the Christian religion.  You actually are an anti-christian troll.
"Creationists deny God" - I can't go much further with you until you give me a source for that belief.   Conclusion from data and reason, not belief. See the second quote in my signature. Creationists deny what science finds. But what does science study? God's Creation. So, by denying everything we see in God's Creation and insisting instead on a literal, inerrant reading of Genesis 1-3, creationists are denying God.   You wouldn't believe the clue I have. Maybe someone referred to as "the evil one", in the Bible?  As I said, you don't have a clue. You are SO wrong. These are quotes from Origin of Species. I doubt they will help you, but at least you will have the straight information for your denial.  "To my mind it accords better with what we know of the laws impressed on matter by the Creator, that the production and extinction of the past and present inhabitants of the world should have been due to secondary causes, like those determining the birth and death of the individual." pg. 449.  "But with regard to the material world, we can at least go so far as this -- we can perceive that events are brought about not by insulated interpositions of Divine power, exerted in each particular case, but by the establishment of general laws" Whewell: Bridgewater Treatise.   "The only distinct meaning of the word 'natural' is stated, fixed, or settled; since what is natural as much requires and presupposes an intelligent agent to render it so, i.e., to effect it continually or at stated times, as what is supernatural or miraculous does to effect it for once." Butler: Analogy of Revealed Religion.  "To conclude, therefore, let no man out of a weak conceit of sobriety, or an ill-applied moderation, think or maintain, that a man can search too far or be too well studied in the book of God's word, or in the book of God's works; divinity or philosophy; but rather let men endeavour an endless progress or proficience in both." Bacon: Advancement of Learning All from the Fontispiece   No, tell me where it's at in the Bible, and I'll check it out.  Didn't think you had any idea of "secondary cause".   "This third view that science and theology are two complementary partial descriptions of the world is very popular today, and for good reason. It does accurately capture part of the way science and theology relate. To understand this, it is important to grasp the distinction between primary and secondary causal actions by God. Roughly, what God did in parting the Red Sea was a primary causal act; what God did in guiding and sustaining that sea before and after its parting involved secondary causal acts by God. Secondary causes are God's usual way of operating by which He sustains natural processes in existence and employs them as intermediate agents to accomplish some purpose. Primary causes are God's unusual way of operating and involve direct, discontinuous, miraculous actions by God." http://www.leaderu.com/real/ri9404/threat.html  The author is JP Moreland, one of the leaders of ID. I mention this because you seem to assign "trust" to particular authors. I would think Moreland would be among those you trust.   Remember that Darwin referred to evolution as the secondary cause by which "the Creator" acted. So, when Miller says "I believe in Darwin's God", he is saying that God sustains the natural process of evolution and an intermediate agent.  "A Law of Nature then is the rule and Law, according to which God resolved that certain Motions should always, that is, in all Cases be performed. Every Law does immediately depend upon the Will of God." Gravesande, Mathematical Elements of Natural Philosophy, I, 2-3, 1726, quoted in CC Gillespie, Genesis and Geology, 1959.  Judges 21:15 " 4 The people were still disconsolate over Benjamin because the LORD had made a breach among the tribes of Israel. "  4. 4 [15] Had made a breach: what is here attributed to God was in reality the free and deliberate act of the Israelites and happened only by the permissive will of God. The ancients attributed to the first primary cause what is more directly due to secondary causes." http://www.nccbuscc.org/nab/bible/judges/judges21.htm  "Yes, God's eternal decree is being worked out, but the working out of that eternal decree is done through his interaction with people, and through their decisions and actions. The role that man's actions take in the working out of God's will is called a "secondary cause." The Westminster Confession of Faith explains it this way: "God is the first cause, and in relationship to Him everything happens unchangeably and infallibly. However, by this same providence, He orders things to happen according to secondary causes. As a result of these secondary causes, some things must inevitably happen; others may or may not happen, depending on the voluntary intentions of the agents involved; and some things do not have to happen but may, depending on other conditions (WCF 5.2; I've quoted from Summertown Text's modern version)." http://www.thirdmill.org/answers/answer.asp/file/99788.qna/category/th/page/questions/site/iiim  "The causes of the science versus Christianity battle may be traced to three errors. First, the proponents on both sides often fail to define the term, "evolution." Second, both sides have failed to see science as a product of a Christian world view. And, finally, both sides confuse the realms (limits) of science and theology. ... There has (and continues to be) a confusion between primary causes and secondary causes. The study of natural science deals with secondary causes while theology studies primary causes. For example, we may explain rain by saying that moisture in the air is cooled below the dew point causing water molecules to condense around dust particles thereby generating precipitation. This is a secondary cause. The primary cause is simply, "God made it rain." In other words, God, who created the physical system, is the cause behind the observable cause.   Some people attempt to explain unknown causes in nature by God's direct intervention. This has been called, "the God of the gaps." While God could certainly intervene in the natural process (called a miracle), to make God responsible for common natural phenomena means that as each scientific discovery finds a natural explanation of what was previously attributed to God, the direct intervention of God becomes unnecessary. That is, as the gaps in knowledge become smaller, the God of these gaps becomes correspondingly smaller. People with this mentality see science as a threat to their faith. Obviously, were such a view held by the founders of modern science, there would have been no incentive to find answers to the natural phenomena. Understanding these natural phenomena as secondary causes, places God above them where increased ability to explain how they occur not only does not "decrease" God, but adds wonder to His creation." http://www.leaderu.com/offices/o_helweg/science_andor_faith.html  "This example illustrates the limits beyond which science cannot take us. By its very nature science deals with what theologians call 'secondary causes', that is, with interactions within nature. It cannot deal with 'primary causes', that is, the ultimate origin and purpose of nature. " http://www.st-edmunds.cam.ac.uk/faraday/CIS/lucas/lecture.html  "5.3. Thomas Aquinas: God Acts Through Secondary Causes  5.3.1. Primary and Secondary Causes  Example: consider the quality and beauty of piano music at a concert.  Primary Cause: the gifted pianist with the ability to play the piano beautifully  Secondary Cause: the piano  The primary cause (the gifted pianist) must work through the secondary cause (the piano) to achieve the effect they desire. If the piano is horribly out of tune . . . .     5.3.2. God Works in the World Indirectly Through Secondary Causes  Aquinas:  God is the primary cause of everything, but has chosen to work indirectly through secondary causes. (i.e. "delegating" divine action) God might try to move a human will, for example, in order to help an ill person" http://www.stjohnadulted.org/The_01.htm#Thomas%20Aquinas:%20God%20Acts%20Through%20Secondary%20Causes  "This doctrine establishes the reality of "Secondary Causes"  Though God is not the cause of sin, it does have a cause. Evil can only be found in the creature. Therefore the creature is the only efficient and proximate cause of sin. We are not created as just machines following impersonal programming. We are persons who act morally. We are responsible for our actions before God. This is why the doctrine of the decrees differs so completely from the doctrine of fatalism. ... How is the idea of secondary causes necessary in maintaining a biblical view of God, creation and of moral law?" http://www.girs.com/library/theology/syllabus/theo4.html
This is the third time now that I've reminded you of the fact that Richard Dawkins and Militant Atheism Inc. have attacked Miller for his views.  So really it's the 50,000th time someone here has proven marc9000 to be 5 lbs of bs in a 2 lb bag?  not that it changes anything he says, or the general opinion about him.
Then why are such a huge percentage of Biological scientists atheists?  You know, I simply can't imagine why that would be the case.  And have you noticed how dilligently dentists floss? And electricians' houses - always really well wired. It's like... it's almost like they're informed or something.  <Sorry, we've just submitted our game to Sony for publication and I'm all giddy. Just ignore me.<
So theistic evolution is not a belief, not a faith at all? It is simply a humanistic idea that is based on science, using God to fill gaps?   1. Let's go back and look at claims, because your statement is not tied to what I was talking about.  "Originally Posted by marc9000  "Creationists deny God" - I can't go much further with you until you give me a source for that belief. "  To that I replied that the statement "Creationists deny God" is NOT a belief, but a conclusion derived from reason and evidence. Nothing in it at all about theistic evolution.  2. The "theistic" part of theistic evolution is a belief. Just like the "atheist" part of atheistic evolution is a belief. The "evolution" part isn't a belief.  3. Theistic evolution is definitely NOT "using God to fill gaps". Using God to fill gaps is ID. Theistic evolution simply says that the material processes discoverd by science are the secondary causes (the material causes) God used to create. No gaps.   Creationists don't deny what science finds, it questions what science theorizes, with an atheist philosophy. Let's look at a paragraph from Kenneth Miller (the theistic evolutionist's) book, quoted from Carl Sagan, the atheist;  Marc, I need a book and page number for that quote. It sounds like Sagan from Demon Haunted World, not Miller. Sagan died in December 1996. Miller's most famous book about science and God was not published until 1999. So that leaves out that book. Before that, Miller wrote textbooks and didn't mention God. So how could Sagan quote from a book written after Sagan died?  There is a huge difference in the things he described above, and what science does to determine what happened billions of years ago, what chance, evolutionary principles affect human behavior - countless other philosophical things that science involves itself in.   I don't see a huge difference. The same methodology science used to come up with sonograms and amniocentesis was used to come up with evolution. After all, both sonic imaging and amniocentesis are theories.   So the "Origin of Species" has more information for theistic evolutionists than the Bible does?? Does theistic evolution believe in Satan?  Origin of Species has more information on the relationship of evolution to theology than the Bible does. Since the Bible has no such information, that wouldn't take much. emoticon_xhoho Darwin took standard Christian theology. Creationism denies that theology.   BTW, the OT doesn't "believe in Satan" the way Fundamentalists do, either. For that you need to go to the non-Biblical Essenes and Milton. So why are you taking such non-Biblical sources for major theological beliefs?  "The book of God's word" - atheists don't agree with that part. You've indicated that you don't either.   Where did I indicate that? I don't agree with a literal interpreation of that part of scripture, but then scripture itself tells me not to take it literally. Sorry, a literal interpretation of the Bible is not "God's word". That you think so shows how much you do not worship God.  He very well could be, yes. So atheism believes only in secondary causes, "fundamentalism" can believe in both primary and secondary causes, and theistic evolution believes in primary and secondary causes? The differences in theistic evolution and fundamentalism would be that fundamentalism believes in far more primary causes than does theistic evolution?  Atheism believes secondary causes act on their own. Theistic evolutionists believe that secondary causes require God in order to work. Fundamentalists believe that 1) God does not exist unless their are primary causes and 2) there are only primary causes. In essence, Fundies believe like atheists: if there are material causes, then God is absent.  And if the "natural process of evolution" is determined by humans in a university lab, many with an atheist worldview, that clash with something the Bible says, you and Kenneth Miller immediately toss the Bible out and accept what the humans say - no questions asked?   We accept what God says. You say "nature" is something that doesn't have God in it. But who created nature? God, right? Therefore, nature is something God wrote. OTOH, humans wrote scripture. Even more, a literal interpretation is done by humans. So, when we have something God did vs something humans say about God, Miller and I choose God.   Calvin told us that it doesn't matter what the worldview is. So what if the scientist is atheist? The data is the same. That's the essence of science: the data must be the same for everyone, no matter what their worldview is. Now, if the atheist projects his personal beliefs on the data and says the data show atheism is "fact", then Miller and I do object. Because then the person is not being a scientist anymore, but mislabeling his personal beliefs as science.  So the main disagreements between fundamentalists and theistic evolutionists are what are, and are not first (primary) causes.  Oh no. The main disagreement between theistic evolutionists and Fundmentalists is that Fundies aren't worshipping God, but a false idol of their own making.   And atheists believe everything is a second cause (or first cause) with no intelligence behind it.   Nope. Atheists believe material causes -- what you are mislabeling "secondary causes" -- happen on their own. Theists believe that material causes require God's will in order to work.  It still doesn't make any sense to me why theistic evolutionists are in such agreement with atheists, and so far apart from "fundamentalists".   We don't agree with atheists about atheism. DUH! But we agree that evolution happened. That's because the data is the same for all of us. Theistic evolutionists believe that evolution is how God created. Atheistic evolutionists believe evolution happened on its own without God. There is no scientific data to resolve that difference. So we live and let live.  Fundies/creationists insist on their interpretation of scripture over what God tells us. So, we don't listen to them; we listen to God.   I love that second one "science as a product of a Christian worldview". Then why are such a huge percentage of Biological scientists atheists?   Define "huge percentage". Depending on how you define theism, anywhere from 50% to 90% of biologists are theists. Now, include agnosticism and that doesn't leave a "huge percentage" to be atheists.  "Johnson encapsulates his major insistence by writing: 'In the broadest sense, a 'creationist' is simply a person who believes the world (and especially mankind) was *designed* and exists for a *purpose*." Darwinism, Johnson claims, inherently and explicitly denies such a belief and therefore constitutes a naturalistic philosophy intrinsically opposed to religion. "But this is the oldest canard and non sequitor in the debater's book. To say it for all my colleageues and for the umpteenth millionth time (from college bull sessions to learned treatises): science simply cannot (by its legitimate methods) adjudicate the issue of God's possible superintendence of nature. We neither affirm nor deny it; we simply can't comment on it as scientists. ... Science can work only with naturalistic explanations; it can neither affirm nor deny other types of actors (like God) in other spheres (the moral realm, for example). "Forget philosophy for a moment; the simple empirics of the past hundred years should suffice. Darwin himself was agnostic (having lost his beliefs upon the tragic death of his favorite daughter), but the great American botanist Asa Gray, who favored natural selection and wrote a book entitled Darwiniana, was a devout Christian. Move forward 50 years: Charles D. Walcott, discoverer of the Burgess Shale fossils, was a convinced Darwinian and an equally firm Christian, who believed that God had ordained natural selection to construct a history of life according to His plans and purposes. Move on another 50 years to the two greatest evolutionists of our generation: G.G. Simpson was a humanist agnostic, Theodosius Dobzhansky a believing Russian Orthodox. Either half my colleagues are enormously stupid, or else the science of Darwinism is fully compatible with conventional religious beliefs -- and equally compatible with atheism, thus proving that the two great realms of nature's factuality and the source of human morality do not strongly overlap." SJ Gould, Impeaching a self-appointed judge. Scientific American, 267:79-80, July 1992.     I don't see evidence of the Carl Sagan's, Richard Dawkins' etc, making references to primary and secondary causes. Didn't notice it in Miller's book either.   Sagan and Dawkins don't. That's because they don't believe in secondary causes. They are atheists, therefore they believe material causes are the only causes. However, Dawkins has shown one way for God to intervene in evolution and be indectable to science. Ironic, isn't it? emoticon_xhoho   As to Miller, I suggest Chapter 8 of Finding Darwin's God. A lot of it is devoted to the 2 questions in science where God is still scientifically acceptable as primary cause, but a lot of it has the concept of secondary cause embedded in it:   "God would use material processes .." That's a very clear invocation of secondary cause. pg 252  Miller also quotes Howard van Till describing St. Augustine on pg 254:  "The universe was brought into being in a less than fully formed state but endowed with the capacities to transform itself, in conformity with God's will, from unformed matter into a marvelous array of structures and lifeforms. In other words, Augustine envisioned a Creation that was, from the instant of its inception, characterized by functional integrity"  That is secondary cause.  "What we have learned from science explains, for the first time in human history, how God could have solved the overpowering logical problems of His divine nature by creating for us a distinctive world of meaning and substance." pg 258  "The irony is that only those who embrace the scientific reality of evolution are adequately prepared to give God the credit and the power that He truly deserves."  "We are now far enough along in the development of science to appreciate that its track record suggests that ultimately it will find natural causes for natural phenomena. God has fashioned a self-consistent reality in nature," pg 252  I don't think you have EVER read Finding Darwin's God. You have just read people who have given false witness about it. Now, if a person willingly repeats false witness without checking for the truth, is that person also guilty of false witness?   And depending on what human is "finding the answers" it can unfortunately cheapen and deny many central Biblical teachings.   How? How can the human do anything about God? The only way to "cheapen" the teachings is to deny what God teaches us (atheist and theist alike) in His Creation. You need to read more of St. Augustine.  Many atheist scientists disagree with that. Why don't theistic evolutionists take them to task over that?  1. Actually, not "many" You can count on two hands the number that really do take on primary causes: Sagan, Wilson, Dawkins, Atkins, PZ Myers (Dennett and Provine, but they are philosphers). The vast majority of scientists who are agnostic and atheists do not engage in this.  2. And yes, scientists do take them to In fact, some agnostic and atheist scientists take them to task. Eugenie Scott, head of the NCSE, has done so many times. So has Michael Ruse (altho he is also a philosopher). Scientists such as Miller, and others have entered the fray. There is a book called Science Held Hostage by (theists) Van Till, Menninga, and Young that takes on scientists who step beyond the science to atheism.  3. The scientists who go beyond the bounds do not attack science. Therefore most scientist who are theists don't get involved. They have 3 main reasons: 1) they are secure enough in their own faith that they don't view what is being done as a threat, 2) since they know where science ends and faith begins, most simply filter out the religious aspects as being personal and therefore, not worth commenting on and 3) there is nothing for them to argue, as scientists. Creationism, OTOH, gets the science wrong and is a direct threat to science.  I'll have to look all that over when I get more time, but I didn't notice anything resembling this kind of detail in Kenneth Miller's book   More likely because you haven't read Miller's book. It's all there in Chapters8 and 9.
Yes, I know you tend to say the same irrelevant things over and over. If Miller felt attacked as a Christian, he would respond. He referred to Dawkins on 15 different pages in that book - never said a bad word about him. Almost always fully agreed with him.   Cite the pages, please.    Miller undoubtedly makes a pretty good living in the theistic evolution business, and the way he lavished praise on Dawkins in his book, I'd say he and Dawkins wink and nod at each other quite often.  1. Actually, no, Miller doesn't make a living at this. He is a full time faculty member, with teaching and research responsibilities. He is a well-known textbook author. Finding Darwin's God is the only book on science and religion Miller has written. Compare that to any of the creationist authors. As far as I know, any of Miller's appearances for evolution, such as before the Ohio School Board or at the Dover trial, are volunteer work.  2. Cite passages, complete in context with complete references, where Miller "lavishes praise on Dawkins". I only find "Dawkins" list in the Index 13 times, not 15. The first reference pg 14-15 has two references:  "Biologist and author Richard Dawkins once allowed his readers to consider how powerful natural selection was by asking them how many of their direct ancestors had died in childhood."   No reference to atheism there, is there?  page 15 "Wilson's sentiment that Darwinian natural selection rules out God is widely shared. Richard Dawkins leaves no doubt about his own views of a Darwinian universe. It is not a place of real values, of genuine good and evil"  But now you need to go to page 17:  "A nonscientist reading the popular books of writers like these might be forgiven for jumping to the conclusion that modern evolutionary science has ruled out the existence of God. According to Williams, science certainly has ruled out the existence of a benign one. "Is this indeed the case? ... Does evolution really nullify world views that depend on the spiritual? ... And does it rigorously exclude belief in God? "These are the questions that I will explore in the pages that follow. My answer, in each and every case, is a resounding no. I do not say this, as you will see, because evolution is wrong. Far from it. The reason, as I hope to show, is because evolution is right. "  You didn't read the rest of the book and find the reasons for the "no". Some of us did read the book.   What you care about is your literal interpretation of Genesis. For that to be true, then you must argue against evolution and science. Miller and I care about God. Too bad you don't.
What more of us need to ask ourselves when a liberal atheist "votes" for Christian candidates, is if the Christian candidate is actually a Christian, or a PRETEND Christian. Some pretend Christians have thinner disguises than others.  And the disguise of creationists/Fundamentalists is so transparent that we know they are not Christians, but false-idol worshippers.  What you are not doing, Marc, is distinguishing beliefs about God from beliefs about social justice, morality, economics, politics, etc.  Christianity is not a political position. Atheists and Christians can share the same opinions about political ideas and still disagree about whether God exists.  For instance, a Christian who takes seriously the Commandment "Thou shalt not kill" could object to the Iraq war because it is killing. An atheist could object to the Iraq war because 1) it is not a just war because we were lied to in order to get us into it, 2) it is hurting the security of the US, and 3) it is viewed as American colonialism.  So, if the Christian runs for Congress on the platform that he will do everything to end the Iraq war, and atheist could easily vote for him because they want the same thing  in this particular case. It says nothing about the Christian's committment to Christianity or depth of his belief. In fact, his position comes FROM the depth of his belief.
I can't either, if science is a product of a Christian worldview, as he claimed.   Modern science is the product of Judeo-Christianity. Science tried to emerge in other belief systems and was always stillborn.   What Judeo-Christianity did was provide the 5 assumptions about the nature of the physical universe necessary to do science.  In order to do science, you must assume that the universe is 1. Rational 2. Accessible 3. Contingent 4. Objective 5. Unified.  So, Judeo-Christians already thought these things about the universe because of their belief that it was created by Yahweh.  1. The universe is rational because Yaheh is a rational deity and, therefore, created a rational universe. 2. The universe can be understood by humans (is accessible) because creatures created in the image of God could understand God's creation. 3. The universe is contingent because God could have chosen to create it some other way. 4. There is an objective universe out there because God is separate from the universe and created a real universe, not just a figment of His imagination. 5. And the processes of the universe aer unified because they were created by a single Mind -- God.  You can generate the assumptions without thinking of God by simply making these assumptions. However, Judeo-Christianity provided the assumptions ready-made as conclusions from the primary ideas that Yahweh exists and created the universe.  It takes more than the results of a single subject to arrive at a worldview.  So, by your own admission in this, it would take more than the results of evolution (a single subject) to arrive at a worldview. Therefore, evolution is not a worldview. Thank you for providing the proof that your claim is wrong.
In the U.S. it's the belief that a Creator gives unalienable rights.  That's just naivet. You can believe anything you want and believe we have unalienable rights. Nevermind that rights are purely a construct that exists only through force. You can have a right to anything if a force can provide it or defend it. Likewise, you can have any right revoked if a force has the power. Right to liberty? Not a chance. Life, not a chance. Pursuit of happiness is not a right. It is a state of mind which nothing can remove.   The question of the existence of unalienable rights of an individual almost always includes a question of the power of government in individuals lives.  At least you understand that much.   That's true, but your example is not common. Many, if not most Christians don't object to the Iraq war because they believe it's a "deterant" from killing. American killing. If we'd have taken out Hitler as quick as we took out Hussien, fewer people would have died overall.  Your bull****ing again. Roughly 80% of the US calls itself Christian. Opinion polls on Iraq are pretty pathetic with 63% against. Now, if the ENTIRE 20% non-christians (which is dubious in itself) was aganist it, that leaves 43% of rest of the nation, which are christians against the war. Now, 33 < 43 right? Therefore you're wrong as usual. If we took out Hitler (which we couldn't have given that the 3rd Reich's army was excellent and Saddam's couldn't even invade its neighbors), we might have ended up facing a leader who would let his generals do things properly.   But this particular case is the exception, not the rule. Just about any informed Christian doesn't want a Muslim victory in Iraq.  Since when was Islam homogenous in ideas, beliefs and ideology? You really have no idea do you? A moderate Muslim victory is what we are working for now. Informed...how ironic comming from you.  Or his position could come from an ignorance of the threat of Terrorism.  Better then yours. (aka, ignorace of everything)  Btw, why it is you refuse to post on the atheism debate or your own?
 My main reason for discussing this, for starting this thread, is to find out if theistic evolution contributes to an increase in atheism in the U.S.   Theistic evolution counteracts atheism the drive to atheism that Biblical literalism causes. Biblical literalism says: believe a literal Bible or believe your own senses. Anyone is going to believe their own senses. Therefore creationism/Biblical literalism drives people away from God toward atheism. In fact, I've often wondered if Biblical literalists were not undercover atheists.  I agree that's what they've decided, but I don't agree that theism has been forced on them. Do you think it has been forced on them, in violation of the first amendment?  Not intentionally, but yes, forced nonetheless. As a theist, I would consider having "there is no god to trust" on money to be forcing atheism on me.    I agree - but more than "irrational" at that time, atheism was safely ignored because it was unorganized. Not so today - it's as organized as any religion, and should have the first amendment applied to it in the same way.   Atheism was unorganized because it was not a valid intellectual position. Advocates of slavery today aren't organized either, but that is because slavery is an untenable position.  But I don't see an "organized" atheism. I don't see a political party advocating atheism. The closest you are going to get is the Secular Humanism Society and, perhaps, the Skeptics Socieity. Neither have large memberships and both have much larger interests than atheism.  Atheism uses evolution as a tool, and evolution enjoys a higher profile today among lay people than ever before. Newspaper articles, television programs, magazines, school curriculums, - its atheist implications are not being as carefully separated from state as some traditional religious practices. And it shows;    http://prweb.com/releases/2006/2/prweb344779.htm#  First, the website has nothing to do with evolution. It is about churches adopting secular advertising techniques. You seem to be equating evolution with all secular, non-religious society. That's not valid.  Yes, evolution has a high profile, but I don't see it associated --outside of a few militant atheists like Dawkins and Dennet -- with atheism. I've never heard of evolution being taught as atheism in public schools, even tho I've asked numerous times for examples.   EVOLUTION IS NOT ATHEISM Despite the efforts of creationists like you and militant atheists like Dawkins to make it so, evolution, like all science, is agnostic.   Why not? Why is that such a problem for theistic evolutionists?   First, why do associate this with theistic evolution? It has nothing to do with it. I'm speaking as a theist and a citizen of the US, not as an evolutionist.  Second, I told you: atheism is now a possible faith. Before there was only different versions of theism: Christianity (with its various denominations), Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, etc. So saying "under God" did not promote any of them. After all, it was a generic "God" and they all agreed God exists. But now we have a faith that God does not exist. So the government can't say "under God" because that is not their faith. It is the government sanctioning one faith -- theism -- over another faith.  And, in fact, that is how "under God" got into the Pledge! The original Pledge did not have it and for over 70 years did not have the phrase. The phrase was inserted during the McCarthy era especially to distinguish the USA from atheistic Communism. The idea was that a Communist (being an atheist) could not say the Pledge. That's not right, both from the pov of the Constitution and the Great Commandment.  There simply isn't enough difference between atheism and agnosticism. Why don't theistic evolutionists see that?  Because it is you who can't see the difference. Atheists try to make the difference narrower in order to try to gain epistemological legitimacy to atheism, but the reality is a huge difference. Atheism is a faith that deity does not exist. Agnosticism is a neutral position that there is insufficient data to decide whether deity exists or not.  Atheists have tried to make the term "weak atheism" and have it be equivalent to agnosticism. Under critical examination, however, weak atheism reduces to either agnosticism or atheism.   Have you considered that atheists you trust make up things about evolution to get theistic evolutionists on their side politically?   Would't work. Since science works with the physical universe, anyone can go to the physical universe and check up to see whether something is "made up". Since I believe God created, it means I can go to God to make sure the atheists are being honest. :)    Why are you answering questions from post #71?   Because they are questions.   Today's courts are recognizing more about the intent of the framers than previous generations that were closer to the actual framers?   Yep. That's because the framers deliberately wrote a flexible document that would be general and not particular. When the particulars change, the document can cover them. When the framers talked about regulating "interstate commerce" they were thinking of wagons and boats. They had no idea of the internet. But they did not intend for Congress to be limited to regulating horse-drawn wagons and boats; they wanted Congress to be able to regulate internet commerce too.  Just so, the framers had no idea that atheism was a rational faith. All the data they had said that atheism was irrational and could, therefore, be disregarded. But, if the situation changed, the framers didn't want theism pushed as a state religion.  With you, as with Kenneth Miller's book, I'm still not seeing much difference between theistic evolution and atheism.  The log in your eye makes it difficult for you to see.
Yes, that false Bible.   That false literal interpretation of the Bible. Remember, when extrabiblical evidence shows a literal interpretation of flat earth, immovable earth passages, and Luke 2:1 to be wrong, creationists modify the interpretation. But they are inconsistent and won't modify the interpretation of Genesis 1-8. Jesus had words for people like that: hypocrites and Pharisees.   Because beliefs about God directly relate to beliefs about those things.   How so? You made a flat assertion. Now please explain and document it.   Beliefs in God, or lack of it, often cause immediate separation of political ideas. In the U.S. it's the belief that a Creator gives unalienable rights. The question of the existence of unalienable rights of an individual almost always includes a question of the power of government in individuals lives.   Jefferson thought "rights" came from God. That's how he justified them. However, rights can be justified without the use of God.   Many, if not most Christians don't object to the Iraq war because they believe it's a "deterant" from killing. American killing. If we'd have taken out Hitler as quick as we took out Hussien, fewer people would have died overall.   "Deterrant" is not good enough. What you are referring to is "self-defense". But, in order to do that, the opponent has to present a direct threat to either you or someone else. Hussein did not do that.   Just about any informed Christian doesn't want a Muslim victory in Iraq.   LOL! If we turn Iraq into a stable democracy, it will be a Muslim victory because nearly all Iraqis are Muslims! No, what we don't want is a victory for Al-Queda. Not the same thing at all as "Muslim". Al-Queda are terrorists who just happen to be Muslim. We don't care about the Muslim part; we care about the terrorist.   Or his position could come from an ignorance of the threat of Terrorism.  Nope, because "Terrorism" is not that big a threat. Yes, they can kill people, but they can't threaten the country. They can't conqeuor us or change our form of government. No, the enemy there is the people who panic over terrrorism and, in their own personal cowardice fear of being killed, destroy America.
Welcome back - you've been gone awhile. :) I've been gone about a week myself - needed a new hard drive and the time necessary to get all systems back to normal.  There will be other gaps. Research to do, papers and grants to write. You are not my top priority. Sorry.    There really is something in it about theistic evolution, because YOU, as a theistic evolutionist, made the statement. There are many atheists who claim to have read the Bible, and even though they reject it, they claim to be knowledgeable enough about it to proclaim that "creationists deny God", because "reason and evidence" tell them that - reason and evidence gathered from a "there is no God" presupposition.   1. My conclusion that "creationists deny God" came from the Bible and Christianity. Evolution had nothing to do with it.   2. I've never seen an atheist claim that "creationists deny God". Please quote one that has. Instead, atheists claim that the Bible is mythology and has no truth in it. I never said that nor do I agree with it.   You haven't faced up to the questions: Who created? What was created? Who put the data there that science finds?  Evolution isn't a belief? I suppose it depends on which definition of evolution we use, as there are many. Suppose some atheist scientists, behind their usual closed doors, analyze and theorize that religion is a product of the human brains evolution. Do theistic evolutionists accept that without question? Would that evolutionary discovery inspire you to completely reject theology as a quirk in your brain to be cast off, so you could be as perfect as those who were born without that quirk, like Richard Dawkins or Edward O. Wilson?   No, evolution is not a belief. It's a scientific theory. And scientists do not analyze "behind closed doors". In fact, just what you speculate has been in the press in recent weeks -- which is where you got it. It is being hypothesized that religion is a product of the evolution of the human brain. I find the hypothesis unconvincing because it addresses only the sociology of religion, not the underlying question of the existence of God. Also, it ignores the hypotheses: 1) that the sociology started because a real, objectively existent God communicated with humans and 2) having a brain module capable of communicating with an objectively existent God has selection advantages and could/would evolve.  Creationists often say that too, that God uses material processes.   No, they don't. They have God operating only in the absence of material processes. Creationism is god-of-the-gaps theology. In fact, since creationists reject evolution as a possible means that God created, they actually say that material processes exclude God. In that regard, they are exactly like atheists.  The difference seems to be that creationists question the humans who represent science when they make claims that much or all of the book of Genesis is false.   And this just shows that creationists are worshipping a book. Their god -- a literal Genesis -- is threatened.  Theistic evolutionists seem to routinely accept human claims over Biblical claims without question. The Bible plainly warns about that, and there is no complex interpretation questions about those warnings.   But creationists accept extrabiblical evidence over Biblical claims. For instance, no creationist says that the whole world was enrolled as it says in Luke 2:1. Where in the Bible would they get the idea that not everyone was enrolled? No, they used extrabiblical evidence to know that Japanese, Inuits, and Zulus were not enrolled. But all of that contradicts Luke 2:1.  Give me the "warnings" and we'll see if they are as plain as you say. :)    You deleted the final sentence from my quote. This one "Atheism doesn't bother to distinguish between the two, and neither, apparently, does theistic evolution."   I left it out because it wasn't relevant. So walk me thru the "huge difference"  Are sonic imaging and amniocentisis "theories" in the same way that things like abiogenesis and religion "brain quirks" are?   Yes and no. Both are statements about the physical universe. That is what a theory/hypothesis is. Now, theories/hypotheses come in 3 subgroups: 1. Untested. 2. Supported. 3. Falsified.  Sonic imaging, amniocentesis, and abiogenesis are strongly supported theories. Not just "supported", but strongly supported. The first 2 are so strongly supported that they are regarded as (provisionally) fact. I think abiogenesis is in that same category, but many disagree with me. The new hypotheses on religion being a product only of the brain are mostly untested.   Yes I know, gravity is a theory too. Sonic imaging, gravity, religious brain quirks - there are many other "theories" atheists try to compare and confuse with their philosophy to try to make them indistinguishable. As a theistic evolutionlist, Miller doesn't seem to mind.   Some militant atheists are trying to make the religious brain quirks sound more supported than it is. Since we don't have Miller's comments on those theories, you can't honestly say "Miller doesn't seem to mind". That's false witness. Miller, and I, do not object to strongly supported theories like evolution, quantum mechanics, natural selection, etc. There's no point. God has spoken and it's hopeless to argue with Him. I've already noted my scientific objections to the new hypotheses on the origin of religion. I'll wait for more data before making a final decision.  "Creationists deny God"...."Creationism denies Christian theology" - atheist proclamations that you have thus far failed to back up.  Those are Christian proclamations. And yes, I have backed them up. You simply have ignored what I've said.  My interpretation tells me they ARE Biblical, and plenty of credentialed Christian theologians agree with me. Your interpretation tells you that they are non Biblical, and you have plenty of atheist company.   So name some. Name the Biblical verses. I can name a few of my own: Elaine Pagels, Rev. Gregory Neal. Also, go look at Job. Satan isn't God's adversary there. He's God's betting buddy. He is an "adversary", but in Hebrew that means he's the prosecuting attorney for humans. He's working on God's side and on God's behalf.  Theistic evolution doesn't seem to fall anywhere near the halfway point between creation and atheism, does it?  You just confused two terms: creation and creationism. Theistic evolution is on the side of creation. Where did you get the idea that theistic evolution was supposed to be "halfway" between creationism and atheism? That's absurd.   [quote]You've indicated that you believe the Bible to be a "false idol". From the "help me out here" thread;  "But you cannot believe in a god of a literal inerrant Bible and accept evolution. However, as a Christian I don't have any problem with that. After all, if your god is a literal inerrant Bible you are worshipping a false idol. "  Read what I wrote. Marc, seriously, this discussion goes better if your reading comprehension is up to standard. I never said "the Bible is a false idol". Instead, I said a literal inerrant Bible . The Bible is not God. "literal inerrant" refers to a human way to read the Bible. It's not the way the Bible is meant to be read, as told us by Jesus, Paul, and God.    Lucaspa: I don't agree with a literal interpreation of that part of scripture, but then scripture itself tells me not to take it literally.   Chapter and verse?   I was referring to Genesis 1-3. If I take it literally, Genesis 1 contradicts with Genesis 2-3. So, the text itself tells us that a literal interpretation is not correct. Truth cannot contradict truth (that's a basic Christian doctrine).   Each Christian denomination has varying views of what is "literal" and how it's to be applied to everyday life. All that can get complicated, but the simple fact that theistic evolution doesn't seem concerned enough about it to define it's beliefs through it's own denomination makes one wonder how concerned it really is about theisim - how it's followers seem to be content to do the same things on Sunday mornings that atheists do.  First, you skipped the point! I said "Sorry, a literal interpretation of the Bible is not "God's word". That you think so shows how much you do not worship God." A literal interpreation is just a human idea.  Second, theistic evolutionists DON'T do the same things on Sunday mornings that atheists do. They go to church. If you are Rev. McCosh, you LEAD worship services. Atheists never do that.  Second, why do you think theistic evolution needs its own denomination? There are no applications of theistic evolution in everyday life. Believing God used the processes discovered by science says nothing about whether we are saved by grace alone or whether we need works. It says nothing about whether you should say "trespasses" or "debts" in the Lord's prayer or what type of church governance you like.  "Fundies believe like atheists" - interesting. Atheists often use the somewhat derogatory term "fundies". You use it too, yet you seem to have no derogatory term for atheists.   You didn't quote the whole sentence! "Fundies believe like atheists: if there are material causes, then God is absent."  You never bothered to deny the truth of that. You can't. After all, you think that evolution means God is absent. Yet that is just what atheists think! I can see why you want to try to distract the issue from the similarity of creationism and atheism, but you can't hide or run from it.  BTW, I don't need to use "Fundies" as derogatory term -- Fundamentalists is just as derogatory. "Fundie" just happens to be shorter. The atheist equivalent of Fundies are "militant atheists".     Lucaspa "We accept what God says. You say "nature" is something that doesn't have God in it. "  Where did I say that? All Christianity sees God in nature.   Evolution and abiogenesis don't have God in them, do they? According to you, that is. You don't allow God to create by "natural" processes, do you?   Lucaspa: "But who created nature? God, right? Therefore, nature is something God wrote. OTOH, humans wrote scripture. Even more, a literal interpretation is done by humans. So, when we have something God did vs something humans say about God, Miller and I choose God."  But you and Miller are humans too. Very convienient how you can make God whatever you want him to be.   No, we can't. The universe is what it IS, not what Miller and I want it to be. We find out what the universe really is. Which means we are finding out how God really created, not trying to tell God how He created, like creationists do. And if Miller and I are wrong, God (the physical universe) will tell us. Who tells you that your literal interpretation of the Bible is wrong? Well, God in the text and God in creation, but you don't listen to God.   Who is Calvin?  John Calvin. Major Christian theologian, contemporary of Martin Luther, one of the founders of Protestantism in general and the Reformed Tradition in particular. Are you that ignorant of Christian theology and history that you don't recognize the name Calvin? Guess so. Even more evidence that you are not a Christian.   And you seem to be saying that personal beliefs influencing science are the exception rather than the rule. I have a different view about human frailty - I'm learning how theistic evolution undermines the basic way of reading the Bible, and how it makes sin largely meaningless. The reality of sin is basic in theology.   1. Yes, because whatever our personal beliefs, we still have to test our ideas against God's Creation. God doesn't care about our personal beliefs. He is Truth.  2. The "basic" way of reading the Bible is NOT your way. You don't even use the "basic way" most of the time.  3. How does it make sin meaningless. Actually, evolution explains sin and why we all sin. Sin is an inevitable by-product of how God created us. Genesis 2-3 explained sin in theological terms. Evolution gives the biological basis and why all humans sin.  I have to go now. I'll do the rest some other time. This is probably enough to set you frothing at the mouth as it is. Don't want to give you a coronary.
No, evolution is not a belief. It's a scientific theory. And scientists do not analyze "behind closed doors". In fact, just what you speculate has been in the press in recent weeks -- which is where you got it. It is being hypothesized that religion is a product of the evolution of the human brain. I find the hypothesis unconvincing because it addresses only the sociology of religion, not the underlying question of the existence of God. Also, it ignores the hypotheses: 1) that the sociology started because a real, objectively existent God communicated with humans and 2) having a brain module capable of communicating with an objectively existent God has selection advantages and could/would evolve. I hope you won't mind my butting in.  You appear to be suggesting that we are offered a choice between two possible explanations of humankind's drive to believe in the supernatural and numinous: 1) the Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert view, that such beliefs, even though without objective foundation, conferred adaptive value on populations that developed them and were selected accordingly; and 2) that the beliefs conferred adaptive value because they allowed communication with an objectively existent deity.  Since the adaptive value is real and tangible either way, Occam's razor suggests we should accept the simpler version - the one without the objectively existent god. Why add a superfluous factor to an already complete hypothesis?
There are only two references to Sagan in the index, pages 194 and 221. Trying page 194 first, we find that quote! Now read what I said again; ...My point in quoting it was that it was a Godless, secular paragraph that Sagan as an atheist proclaimed, and Miller as a theistic evolutionist heartily agrees with. The paragraph covered amemia, polio, etc, but left out abortion, embryonic stem cell research etc. Another coincidence?   The chapter is entitled "Beyond Materialism". You have not read the book, because you are ignoring the context and the argument. Let's go back to page 191, the end of the last chapter. Miller is talking about Lewontin's famous Lewontin quote "To appeal to an omnipotent deity is to allow that at any moment the regularities of nature may be ruptured, that miracles may happen." As I said, Lewontin was being sarcastic in that quote and criticizing Sagan's philosophical materialism. But Miller decides to take it seriously.  "But Lewontin has misssed something, something important. What if the regularities of nature were fashioned in a way that they themselves allowed for the divine? What if the logical connections he makes between materialism and atheism are flawed? What if the very foundations that sem to lock evolution and religion into conflict were built upon suspect ground? In other words, what if the gods of disbelief were false?"  The next 2 chapters is where Miller answers those questions on the side of theism.  Now, after the Sagan quote on page 94, you need to read the context of the rest of the chapter. Miller goes on to describe classical physics and the implications of that   "Science has shown that material mechanisms, not spirits, were behind the reality of nature. ... Could there be anything left for God to do?"  Miller spends the rest of the chapter showing "yes, there is". He describes classical physics and the implications for deism. He then describes quantum mechanics and spends a lot of time showing its implications for theism.  pg 201 "there is a pattern to these uncertainties [at the quantum level], and those patterns account for the fact that the universe seems pretty orderly to us. Although we cannot predict the outcomes of individual events with any certainty, the overall outcomes of thousands of such events fall into very predictable patterns."  But what you really want is on page 213: "Committed atheists like Richard Dawkins would attack with ridicule any suggestion that room for the work of a Deity can be found in the physical nature of reality. But Dawkins' personal skepticism no more disproves the existence of God than the creationists' incredulity is an argument against evolution. What matters is the straightforward, factuazl, strictly scientific recognition that matter in the universe behaves in such a way that we can never achieve complete knowledge of any fragment of it, and life itself is structured in a way that allows biological history to pivot directly on these tiny uncertainties. That ought to allow even the most critical scientist to admit that the breaks in causality at the atomic level make it fundamentally impossible to exclude the idea that what we have really caught a glimpse of might indeed reflect the mind of God."   Miller , on pp 214-215, is talking about you, Marc:  "Ironically, anti-evolutionists, just like the extreme materialists, seem to work in an intellectual world uninformed by modern physics. To their way of thinking, scientific materialism necessarily implies a complete, causal, mechanistic description of natural reality. They have seen the profound success of biology in providing material explanations for the nature of life, and they are worried. ... "see each new materialist, scientific explanation for a natural phenomenon as a retreat for the primacy of God. ... In this respect, they are the unlikely and unwitting allies of vigorous atheists like Dawkins, Provine, and Lewontin who would agree enthusiastically that a complete success for materialistic science condemns any search for God to ultimate failure."  Miller doesn't agree with you and Dawkins, Marc.   You can see why and how in the section "A Science of Belief". Read it, Marc. And then read chapter 8 "The Road Back Home". Try the first paragraph on page 243.  You seem concerned that Sagan did not mention ES cell research, abortion, and other unnamed things. First, while mouse ES cells were isolated in 1970, it was not until 1998 that human ES cells were isolated and cultured. So there was no ES cell "debate" when Sagan wrote Demon Haunted Woodland. Nor is there any uncertainty in how to isolate and culture ES cells.  The abortion issue is not a scientific one. Yes, abortions are doable and safe. Pregnancies can be safely (for the mother) terminated at any stage. But I see no reason for Sagan to mention that. Sagan was talking about treatments and diagnostic techniques. There are thousands of them, all as reliable as amniocentesis and the ones Sagan mentioned. He couldn't list them all.  The Bible was written over a period of fourteen hundred years, over forty generations, by over forty authors, from all walks of life, written on three continents. There are many things in it that I don't like. But since I'm not God, it's not my call to twist it to suit myself.  But you DO twist the Bible to suit yourself. That's what we've seen in all your posts. You admit it was written over a 1400 year period, but you never consider what it meant to the people at the time a particular book was written. All you are concerned about is what you want the Bible to mean, not what it actually means.  Since you don't think God talks to you, yes, you do set the Bible up as your false idol and worship it. You can't stand any possibility that it's not 100% accurate.  What's the difference between material causes and secondary causes?   You were labeling some primary causes as secondary causes, i.e, the formation of the universe. You were also saying that God zapping the first cell was a secondary cause. The term "secondary cause" refers to the material causes.   Atheists don't believe material causes are "secondary causes" because they don't believe there is a deity to use material causes. For theists, the material causes discovered by science are the secondary causes God used to create. Does that clear up the confusion for you?  "Live and let live", by helping atheists "separate church and state", and politically fight creationists every step of the way? Do you think atheists are being discriminated against in the U.S.?   Fighting creationists is helping theism. Creationism is the most destructive idea to hit Christianity since the Manichean and Gnostic heresies -- and creationism invokes both of those!  Yes, I think the US government does have remnants of an unintentional, but still unfair establishment of theism as a religion.   And God speaks to you through evolution, the same evolution that atheists use to proclaim that there is no God?  God speaks thru His Creation. Christianity has always held that God has "two books". One is Creation. So what if atheists proclaim evolution shows God does not exist? Does that make them right? NO! They are not right about that. Anymore than creationists are right that God created by creationism.   A general concensus from all around the internet puts the percentages of atheistic biological scientists in the high 90's.  Sorry, but the data from scientific studies disproves that. Witham and Larson's survey was half from biological fields and they got 40% of all scientists are theists -- by a very conservative definition. That is not possible if 90% of biologists are atheists.  Also, Gould is adamant that at least 50% of evolutionary biologists are theists. The "consensus" is by atheists trying to cook the data. Why do you believe them?  Can you or Mr. Johnson explain why Richard Dawkins book, The BLIND watchmaker, sold so well? Apparently, millions of book readers prove Mr. Johnson wrong, don't they?   Nearly all of The Blind Watchmaker discusses the reality and mechanism of evolution. Dawkins references to religion amount to about 5 sentences in the book. Evolution is a fascinating topic, which is why the book sold so well.  And no, the popularity of the book has nothing to do with Johnson being right or wrong. Johnson wasn't denying that Dawkins was correct about the effect of evolution on atheism. Dawkins is correct on that. Evolution by natural selection made atheism, for the first time, a rational faith. But it by no means makes it obligatory to be an atheist. That is also correct.  If half his colleagues can't see how Dawkins, Wilson, Dennett, Lewontin, Sagan, Gould, and many other prominent atheist evolutionists affect politics, they really are enormously stupid.  Gould wasn't discussing politics. Here, let me give you the sentence you apparently can't read for yourself:  "Either half my colleagues are enormously stupid, or else the science of Darwinism is fully compatible with conventional religious beliefs" The data show that evolution is not atheistic but is compatible with theism.   He can show "God to intervene", Miller can heap praise on him, and he and allllllllll theistic evolutionists can chuckle about together, can't they?   Why aren't you chuckling? Don't you find it amusing that such a militant atheist who claims evolution absolutely excludes God can write of a method where God can influence evolution and not be detected?  Oh, that's right. It destroys your vision of Dawkins as the devil and totally against religion.   I can't find that statement - it's NOT ON page 252. I don't remember seeing the word "secondary" anywhere in the book. It may have been in there, but I'd like for you to show me where there was a detailed description .  It was on page 255. Is all theistic evolution this precise? ... You got that page number right!!   It's page 252, in the middle of the page. I just re-checked. I think you made a mistake in looking at page numbers. Before you try to get too self-righteous, you might remember the parable on dust motes, logs, and eyes.  I never claimed Miller made a "detailed description of "primary" and "secondary" causes". You are making a strawman. I simply claimed that Miller discussed what are, in other terms, secondary causes.  And this one from the same page, if you wouldn't have quoted it, I sure would have!! So only evolutionists, not Bible scholars, are capable of giving God credit and power!!   1. Miller didn't say that what you said. Miller said ""The irony is that only those who embrace the scientific reality of evolution are adequately prepared to give God the credit and the power that He truly deserves." Now, Bible scholars can embrace evolution. And those who deny evolution can still give God "credit and power", but not what "He truly deserves". IOW, creationists fall short of giving God the appropriate credit.  2. You and Biblical literalists are not "Bible scholars".    Again, not on page 252 - maybe you have a hardcover with slightly different page numbers than mine. But I'll belive you that it's in there somewhere. The question is, why would the same reason and evidence and conclusions lead one observer to believe that "God has fashioned", and another observer (Dawkins)to believe that "blindness" has fashioned?   1. I made a typo mistake on the page number.  2. Because Dawkins and Miller have different evidence. Part of that is evidence within science. As Miller shows, Dawkins is not considering the effect of quantum mechanics. He is basing his argument on science and God on the deterministic view of the 19th century. But the major part of the difference in evidence is evidence from outside science. The real evidence for theism does not come from science. It's rooted in personal experience that lies outside science. Miller (and I) trust the personal experience of the people in the Bible. Not a literal reading, but the general and essential claims: God spoke to Moses and engineered the Exodus, God communicated with David, Solomon, and helped Israel, Jesus lived, died, and was Resurrected, Paul had a genuine experience on the road to Damascus, etc. Miller may also have personal experience of God; he doesn't say so outright because it is not appropriate to this book.   Dawkins doesn't have personal experience of God and Dawkins doesn't accept the accounts of other people, including those in the Bible.  I don't think I'm wrong about your not reading the book. I think you skimmed the book to find passages that supported your preconceived viewpoint. You supported my theory when you said "And this one from the same page, if you wouldn't have quoted it, I sure would have". If you'd known about the quote, you would have used it. I don't think you found it until I made you read the page searching for the quote I posted.  [quote] Lucaspa: "How? How can the human do anything about God?"  By convincing millions of readers that he doesn't exist - that a "Blind Watchmaker" is responsible for our existance."  ROFL! And that is going to make a difference "about" God? You really think God is going to disappear if a few millions of readers decide not to believe in Him? Do you think He will stop loving people as much? All I can say is that your god is very trivial. I'm so very glad that God is not like that at all.  St. Augustine wasn't inspired by God the same way the Biblical authors were.   How do you know? But even so, that isn't saying Augustine is wrong, is it? So, your comment is irrelevant. Besides, you haven't read Augustine, have you? This is just an excuse not to look up something that shows your arguments to be wrong. :)    But they don't "take them to task", do they?  Please, read all my response before you start to post. As you found out, Dawkins and company are "taken to task"   And I don't have quite that many fingers to count the thousands and thousands of Sagan, Wilson, Dawkins, lovers and parroters that today's universities publically funded science departments are saturated with. You need to read more David Horowitz.   What specifically of Horowitz do you want me to read? I haven't encountered these "thousands and thousands" in my 30 years in university science departments. Or at meetings. The overwhelming majority of scientists keep their personal beliefs to themselves.   It's not making it to the NY Times front page though, is it? It's not making any headway in changing how it's taught in public schools, is it?   1. The scientists have no control whether their comments make it to the NY Times frontpage. By this complaint you admit that your idea is falsified. BTW, part of Scott's "taking to task" was published in the scientifically prestigious "New York Academy of Science" journal  2. You need to document that evolution is being taught as atheism in public schools. This is a continual complaint by creartionists but, despite my repeated requests, not one can document a case.  And yes, Eugenie Scott's complaint did change how evolution was defined by the BSC for public school science teachers.   " In late 1995, the National Association of Biology Teachers (NABT) issued a statement to its members and the public concerning the importance of evolution to biology teaching. Part of the statement defined evolution:  The diversity of life on earth is the result of evolution: an unsupervised, impersonal, unpredictable and natural process of temporal descent with genetic modification that is affected by natural selection, chance, historical contingencies and changing environments.  Shortly after this statement appeared, I began to see letters to the editor from around the country decrying the "atheism" of the NABT. Anti-evolutionists like Phillip Johnson included broadsides against NABT in their writings. As one Christian said to me, defining evolution as "unsupervised" and "impersonal" implied to many Americans that "God had nothing to do with it and life has no meaning." Reflecting these public concerns, two distinguished theologians, Cornell's Huston Smith and Notre Dame's Alvin Plantinga, wrote a polite letter to NABT's board of directors, asking it to delete the two words "unsupervised" and "impersonal".They specifically noted that the use of the two words "has two unfortunate and unin tended consequences. It gives aid and comfort to extremists in the religious right for whom it provides a legitimate target. And because of its logical vulnerability; it lowers Americans' respect for scientists and their place in our culture." When the NABT's board convened at its annual meeting in Minneapolis in October 1997, members' initial reaction was that creationists were trying to get them to change the statement, and they weren't about to knuckle under to that sort of pressure. They voted at the end of a 9-hour meeting, after only a brief discussion, not to change the statement. Why is this story relevant to my receiving this award? You may be surprised to hear that after I arrived at the NABT meeting, I encouraged the board to do as the theologians asked and drop "unsupervised" and "impersonal". I'm pleased to say that the board did discuss the issue at greater length and ultimately altered the statement by dropping the two words."  Who makes that determination? Blind watchmaker Dawkins, or God fearing Miller? Neither of their beliefs is a threat to science?   Both Miller and Dawkins agree that creationism is a threat to science. So do all scientists, of whatever worldview. Miller's beliefs are certainly not a threat to science. Atheism, per se, is also not a threat to science. However, Dawkins' attempts to get science to "prove" his belief is true is a threat to science.   Show me where (page numbers - if they're close I'll find them) where Miller addresses SIN in any detailed way.  The "detail" you were initially referring to was "secondary causes" and science being compatible and supporting theism. That is done in detail in Chapters 7 and 8.   "The God of the Bible, even the God of Genesis, is a Deity fully consistent with what we know of the scientific reality of the modern world ... What we have learned from science explains, for the first time in human history, how God could have solved the the overpowering logical problems of His divine nature by creating for us a distinctive world of meaning and sustance." pg 258  "To some, the murderous reality of human nature is proof that God is absent or dead. The same reasoning would find God missing from the unpredictable fits and turns of an evolutionary tree. But the truth is deeper. In each case, a Deity determined to establish a world that was truly independent of His whims, a world in which intelligent creatures would face authentic choices between good and evil, would have to fashion a distinct, material reality and then let His creation run. Neither the self-sufficiency or nature nor the reality of evil in the world mean God is absent. To a religious person, both signify something quite different -- the strength of God's love and the reality of our freedom as His creatures." pg 269  You seem to be acknowledging that, because you are now introducing a new topic: whether Miller discusses sin. I don't see the relevance. Please walk me thru why you think this is critical.  Miller doesn't say the word "sin" as far as I can see, but he does talk about it indirectly when he talks about "grace".  "There is no scientific way to describe the spiritual concept of grace, which makes it less than real to an absolute materialist. To a believer, grace is as real as the presence of God Himself. Do Darwin's revelations -- the discoveries that locate the sources of human passions in survival mechanisms -- contradict the reality of grace? Not in the least. To a believer, grace is a gift from God that enables us to place our lives in their proper context -- not by denying our biological heritage, but by using it in His service." pg 280.   .
I hope you won't mind my butting in.  You appear to be suggesting that we are offered a choice between two possible explanations of humankind's drive to believe in the supernatural and numinous: 1) the Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert view, that such beliefs, even though without objective foundation, conferred adaptive value on populations that developed them and were selected accordingly; and 2) that the beliefs conferred adaptive value because they allowed communication with an objectively existent deity.  Since the adaptive value is real and tangible either way, Occam's razor suggests we should accept the simpler version - the one without the objectively existent god. Why add a superfluous factor to an already complete hypothesis?  Because Ockham's Razor 1) isn't formulated the way you said and 2) if it is, the Razor doesn't tell us which hypothesis is correct. The simplest hypothesis is NOT always correct. Or even 50% of the time.  The Razor originally had nothing to do with hypotheses. Instead, William of Ockham was saying "don't include explanations (hypotheses) in the description of phenomenon"  So, the Razor statement would be "religious beliefs conferred adaptive value on human populations" Period. Done with story. Both "by conferring cohesion coopertivity within the population" (Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert) and "by communication with deity that advised the population" are violations of the Razor.
The Razor originally had nothing to do with hypotheses. Instead, William of Ockham was saying "don't include explanations (hypotheses) in the description of phenomenon" Wikipedia: 'Occam's razor states that the explanation of any phenomenon should make as few assumptions as possible...'. It may well be the case that Occam's Razor is now applied in ways he did not envisage, and that applying his name to such usages is just a convenient shorthand. That he himself might not have recognised its application in this instance does not render that application invalid. So, the Razor statement would be "religious beliefs conferred adaptive value on human populations" Period. Done with story. Both "by conferring cohesion coopertivity within the population" (Wilson/Dawkins/Wolpert) and "by communication with deity that advised the population" are violations of the Razor. Not if one is demonstrable and the other conjectured.
If you look at the Occam's Razor thread, you will notice that this has already been covered. So it has. I seem to be making a habit of this recently. Evidently the Alzheimer's is beginning to bite.
Diest Answer: God's not here and hasn't been for 15 billion years Christian Answer: Suffering and unhappiness are the methods for God to test the faith of its followers.
A eternity of the same thing.   That scares me.   I suppose that would sound great to a manatee.
** IMHO. threads such as this one, discussing the theology and philosophy and cosmolgy of 'god's existence' belong in some other forum, not in this one. This forum, at least as I understood it, is for debating the causal explanations given for the origins and evolution of earthly lifeforms.
 Anyway, my questions are these:  WW and SS and marc, etc. feel that scientific thought about evolution is highly flawed.  1. Are there any other branches of science (other than evolutionary biology) that you feel are flawed? 2. If not, why do you think that scientists would selectively err in only a single branch of science. What would be their incentive?  ** Speaking strictly for myself as an evolutionist, and not a creationist, I cannot speak on any other science, but I know beyond doubt that the geneticist, chance-based, 'darwinian' explanation for the fact of evolution is nothing but hokum.  And the answer to question two is that that bogus 'theory' is necessary to the religion of atheism that is founded upon the metaphysic of materialist/mechanist/positivist/physicalist/naturalist ontolology and cosmology.  Any threat to 'darwinism' is, therefore, as much a threat to any atheistic and materialist true-believer's sense of identity as any threat to 'the bible'/torah/koran is a threat to any fundamentalist abrahamic true-believer's sense of identity.  Shake those beliefs and you shake their entire worlds.
 WOW. That's one heck of a generalization.   For it to have any merit whatsoever requires that anyone who believes in the theory of evolution is also an atheist. This is clearly not true.   ** If by 'theory of evolution' you do not equivocate and actually intend the fact of evolution, but rather, do honestly refer to the chance-based darwinian RMNS notion, then I disagree. I believe that anyone who truly believes in and is committed to promoting the "RMNS" darwinian explanation must be, like Richard Dawkins, "an intellectually fulfilled atheist".  Certainly most people accept 'evolution' per se. The OP stats for the USA, I suspect, apply not to 'evolution' in se, but rather to the darwinian RMNS explanation for it. Whether that is the case or not, there is absolutely no law in science that a person doing a certain job has to pay more than lip service to any metaphysical postulate seemingly required for the job. If RC priests can spend their adult lives saying mass, hearing confessions, and buggering little boys, then its no big deal for biologists, let alone any other scientist, to just pay the required obsequities to RMNS, stuff it on a mental back-shelf, and just get on with what they do everyday.  Those people who are truly committed psychologically to RMNS darwinism are those like P.Z. Myers, Richard Hoppe, Nick Manke(??), Richard Dawkins, Daniel Dennet, et al, who constantly evangelise the notion everywhere they can, including message boards like this one, IIDB, Panda's Thumb, and others. And they are all committed atheists. Evangelical atheists.   Whether or not you can accept this fact is of no moment to me. It's still a fact.   It also implies that all T of E supporters are part of a vast and extremely organized worldwide conspiracy to forward this atheistic agenda. That also is clearly a completely untenable position to hold.  ** No, it is not. No-one who fits the description I've just given is exempt. And it does not have to be a "conspiracy", since the evangelical atheist movement is actually quite open and unapologetic about their agendum. No conspiracy there.   Is that truly the best response to the posed questions that you could come up with?   ** It's a hell of a lot more substantive than the rhetorical questions and raised eyebrows that are all you've been able to muster.   I look forward to hearing what some other "creationists" here will have to say, though I fear this is about as good as it's gonna get.  Waxy  ** Well, I suspect that's probably your best, anyway. Come back if you've ever got something real to contribute, waxy.
 walking-fish: Mutation is considered to be "chance-based", but natural selection is much more directed by differential reproductive rates.  ** This is nonsense. Differential reproduction rates are the effect of superior adaptability in those cases where adaptation is necessitated by environmental circumstance. They "direct" nothing but statistical trends.   So Darwinism is not completely "chance-based".   ** So you say, but on the basis of the nonsense that precedes your claim. And even then it's a vacuous non sequitur, since in fact there is no 'direction', as professed by darwinists themselves, anywhere in their 'natural selection'.   The only reason that mutations are assumed to be random is that an intelligent, teleological agent or cause has not yet been shown to exist.   ** Balderdash. Where the heck did you get this notion from? Fisher and Haldane knew exactly what they were talking about when they introduced the notion of 'random' genetic mutations. It was their way of insisting that, although there was nothing mechanical about evolution, there was nothing intentional or directed, either. A strictly metaphysical postulate that had nothing to back it up but their own materialist/atheist beliefs.   Even at that, the fact that there are plenty of duplicated genes available for mutation, and the fact that there are many neutral mutations which could be selected for, if conditions favor them, it is not at all certain that the odds are against evolution proceeding by these mechanisms.  ** More theoretical speculation. This variation on what I call "the Magick of Great Big Numbers" being that genotypes save up gazillions of different alleles, all set to be 'selected' when and if environmental circumstances warrant. This is nonsensical, since only by sheer blind random chance would 'the right one' of a gazillion allelic options be realised in any particular local event. That's not science. That's saying that survivors survive because they won a lottery against worse odds then you'll ever waste $10 bucks on.  But the fact of rapid adaptation in nature makes that look just plain stupid, anyway.   I'm not a statistician, but I doubt if it is even possible to calculate the odds for a nearly infinite number of possiblities. So, I say the jury is still out about the the lack of probability for darwinian mechanisms to account for evolution.  ** You can say what you please, but don't be offended if some of us can see that your beliefs are irrational.    If wascallywabbit can show me otherwise, I'd like to see the evidence.  ** Read, and be enlightened. :)    Theistic evolution is a perfectly tenable position that is consistent with darwinism, and with belief in God. Even Intelligent Design can theoretically be consistent with darwinism, by positing that the Designer directs the nature and timing of mutations. So, your attempt at equating darwinism with a materialistic, atheistic world view is flawed.  ** If your "god" is irrationally conceived of as a magician for whom nothing is impossible, and so is a god for whom logic, reason, sanity, and integrity are of no concern, then yes, you can believe in a god who left the creation of the universe, life, and all the wonders of our biosphere, strictly to chance.  OTH, if you believe in a G*D that is limited and constrained by its own essential nature, so that it cannot create laws and regularities out of some sense of whimsy, but rather, only out of the constraints of its own nature, then there is no way that you can logically square that G*D with the RMNS notion.  Like all the universe, biological evolution is either rational, lawful, limited, constrained and directed by universal forces, or it is an illusion. I happen to believe my eyes and ears, and accept its reality. Therefore I cannot accept either the irrational chance-based, "anything-is-possible" fantasy of RMNS darwin, nor the irrational fantasy of an all-powerful, "He can do anything!" magician god.
For anyone who hasn't read this book, here's a summary of it:  Michael Behe is a molecular biologist. He can't explain how these complex molecular machines could have evolved. Therefore, they cannot have evolved. QED.
**  Ah, moose, uhmm, I wouldn't call anybody a "maroon" if I could not, all by myself, count at least as high as four.   thelmoose  "Quote: 2 questions: how do you account for the overwhelming acceptance of evolution?   why is it the other scientists are trustworthy. Do the evolutionary sciences select for a certain type of person.  Does your religious belief have any influence on your lack of acceptance of evolution.  Why shouldn't numerology be allowed in the science classroom? "    Or, more recently;  "2 questions:  If you trust the scientific method in the rest of science, and you feel the processes are sound, how do you account for the overwhelming acceptance of evolution? I mean, are the scientists whose field may involve evolution unique in their lack of integrity and are singularly foolish in endorsing evolution by natural selection?  If the "evolutionists" are shills (for whom I am not clear), why is it the other scientists are trustworthy.(sic) Do the evolutionary sciences select for a certain type of person.(sic) Does your religious belief have any influence on your lack of acceptance of evolution.(sic)   See, now that's four and five questions (even without question marks), isn't it? And doesn't that make you a "maroon" who can't correctly count the number of his own inane and irrelevent rhetorical questions?   I know nothing of marc's stance on religion, including the RC Church, but I'd feel safe betting that you yourself are a committed evangelical atheist of the Richard Dawkins variety. Am I right? So what special dispensation do you have, that you feel free to proselytize atheism in science class? Do you really think you advance "science", and not materialist atheism, when you promote the magical cosmology of "spontaneous generation", using RMNS darwinism? As if RMNS were an empirical observation, instead of the metaphysical postulate, i.e., statement of faith, that it truly is?
 My atheism is irrelevant here.  ** No, actually it's essential to these debates. You'd like to pretend to the world that the dewbate over darwinian evolution is a case of, "science versus superstition". If that were the truth darwinian evolution would have won in a walk many decades past. But that is not the truth. Not even close.  The truth is that RMNS is not science at all, and the only reason anmyone promotes it is because it is a basic underpinning for materialist/mechanist atheism. The notion of "spontaneous generation" is its fundamental superstition.   I would never suggest proselytizing atheism in science class as it had nothing to do with science.  ** Don't kid yourself. Everytime you promote the superstion of RMNS, you evangelize atheism, with its cosmology of meaningless, directionless, absurd "creation by lucky accident" premise. You can del;ude yourself into believing that your beliefs, yourc worldview, have no bearing on your cool, objective, 'scientific' analysis of reality, but you are the only one you're fooling.    I do not promote spontaneous generation.  ** More self-delusion. Random accidental genetic mutation as the source, coincidentally, of coincidentally adaptive trait expression, is pure 'spontaneous generation', as even your own people, those that are honest, admit. So is abiogenesis.  [quote] Random mutations and evolution through natural selection of variation secondary to those mutations have often been observed.[/quo9te]   ** The only true part of that assertion is the trivial observation that some organisms, on some rare occasions, sometimes seem to multiply, or diminish, their offspring, statistically. Usually for quite different local causes that have nothing to do with any universal scientific principle. A fact that was quite possibly noted by the more intelligent dinosaurs just before a meteor "naturally selected" them all. The big, the small, the long and the short and the tall.    Faith has nothing to do with it.  ** Just keep on telling yourself that. Better yet, convert others to that belief. It will afford you temporary respite from the discomfort of your cognitive dissonance. The dissonance that arises when your thinking brain tries to reconcile the fact that there is no empirical support for the 'spontaneous generation plus luck' of RMNS, and your need to believe that this material universe is all there is.  Hey, I'm not trying to convert you to anything. The difference between me and the darwinists and creationists arguing their faiths in this forum is that I belong to neither camp, and am so totally convinced of my own cosmology that I feel not the slightest impulse to convert anyone else to my POV. No cognitive dissonance in my corner.
.......To listen to any evidence that might contradict it.  ** And you know that...how, exactly?   What is the difference between your arguments and a creationist's?  ** If something that plain and direct has yet to penetrate your skull after all posts to this forum, it never will, no matter what.   You seem to attack evolutionary theory on the same basis that creationists do,  ** Really? What basis would that be, in your opinion?   using arguments that seem well countered  ** There, now you've actually said somrthing funny!!   (as I've said before the fact you retreat into insult and insinuation when confronted hardly makes your arguments stronger).  ** Tell that to your own crew.   You seem convinced that evolutionary theory is linked to athesim, like a creationist (it's not true, but there you go).  ** RMNS and darwinism are welded to atheism. Always have been, ever since Darwin and Huxley. I'm right about that, you're wrong about that; even the creationists are right about that much. So, what else is new?    Your theory of vitality draws upon a mystical unseen force, like a creationist.  ** So, to you, gravity, electro-magnetism, the weak and strong atomic forces, energy, inertia, mass, and on and on are all "mystical unseen forces", right? After allm they must be 'mystical' if you can't see them, touch them, smell them, taste them, or hear them coming--right? Goofy materialism.    And you scream EAC, or scientific bias, when you can't find facts to support your theory.  ** I never scream. I do roar, once in while. I do not know what this "EAC" is. And you don't have clam's clue what my theory is, anyway.   I don't really know what you mean.  ** That's more than a little obvious.   You seem to be saying that people use 'spontaneous generation' to support their own mindsets. Could you possibly elaborate?  ** Already have. Re-read until you achieve understanding, or your brain catches fire, whichever comes first.   I don't personally have to console myself about the universe, but maybe you could tell me how you think it happens.  ** I have no idea what you mean by "console myself about the universe". But I'm glad to hear that you don't have to do it.  Personally I believe that this universe is rational, law-abiding, and information rich. I can find no rational reason to believe that that which is rational and informative is the result of an irrational, spontaneous, random event. But you can stick to that notion if you like. Just don't try to evangelize it in schools by pretending it's "science", using RMNS darwinism as your wedge into kids' mindsets and belief systems.
 Quote: Originally Posted by wascallywabbit  So, to you, gravity, electro-magnetism, the weak and strong atomic forces, energy, inertia, mass, and on and on are all "mystical unseen forces", right?   Can you explain how theism fits into the above scientific fields?  ** You're the one who brought up "mystical unseen forces", so you explain yourself. It's your asseertion, not mine.    Please explain in detail why biological evolution is atheistic while gravity, electro-magnetism, the weak and strong atomic forces, energy, inertia, mass and so on take your god into account.  ** You boys can't help but equivocate, can you? First e-lyte returns to the real definition of 'selection', and, in a complete about-face, pretends that it means the exact same thing in darwinspeak, i.e., 'natural selection', as it does in everyday English usage. Now you want to pretend that we were discussing "biological evolution", as if it were, and meant, the same thing as "RMNS darwinism". You must know that it does not, but, dishonestly, you insist upon the equivocation whenever it suits you. Just as e-lyte uses the dishonest equivocation of 'selection' as it suits him. All you darwinists do it. All the time. And it's just plain lying.    Can one be an atheistic nuclear physicist?  ** One could, of course. Anybody can be anything if they don't really think about it. But in contrast to darwinian biologists, a great many nuclear physicists are not atheists. Even fewer astronomers and cosmologists and astrophysicists are atheists. Atheism seems to cluster around RMNS darwinism. Take a look around. See any physicists debating the existence of "God" on these boards?   Please be specific about how your god fits in.  ** Why should I? You wouldn't understand it anyway. You want a clue? Take a look at Taoism and Hinduism, then go back to Heraklitus and work your way forward to the age of quantum mechanics. You might catch a glimpse of my cosmology and my sense of "G*D". But I very much doubt it.  As far as biology is concerned, my religious philosophy is coherent with my scientific philosophy, but you don't need the religion to grasp the science. As far as biological evolution is concerned, Endogenous Adaptive Mutagenesis is all you need to know about me.    You might also point out some errors in the study of nuclear physics that have come about by atheistic study of the topic and how correct theistic study corrects those errors.  ** Say what?!? I have no absolutely idea what it is that you are babbling about. Do you?!?   How would the study of biology change if you god were taken into account?  ** It doesn't need what you call, "my god", to save evolutionary biology from a phony pseudoscience that is built upon a supposed chain of serendipitous molecular accidents coincidentally and fortuitously coupled to local circumstance. It just requires biologists who are not blinded to empirical reality by their need to uphold a 19th century metaphysic.   What you are trying to do here is to somehow discredit my ideas by claiming that they are as religiously based as your own atheistic foundation. The idea being that anyone who does not attend your atheist church, is somehow deluded about reality. Talk about the arrogance of the 'true-believer'!! You guys are every bit as bad as the types that claim that everyone who doesn't parrot their peculiar dogma is going to 'burn in hell'. Ideologues are nasty, vicious clowns, no matter what their particular creed. __________________
** Speaking strictly for myself as an evolutionist, and not a creationist, I cannot speak on any other science, but I know beyond doubt that the geneticist, chance-based, 'darwinian' explanation for the fact of evolution is nothing but hokum.  And the answer to question two is that that bogus 'theory' is necessary to the religion of atheism that is founded upon the metaphysic of materialist/mechanist/positivist/physicalist/naturalist ontolology and cosmology.  Any threat to 'darwinism' is, therefore, as much a threat to any atheistic and materialist true-believer's sense of identity as any threat to 'the bible'/torah/koran is a threat to any fundamentalist abrahamic true-believer's sense of identity.  Shake those beliefs and you shake their entire worlds.  Thats absurd. Atheism is the absence of religion. How is the absence of religion a religion? Thats like saying black is a color, or wood is a metal. It makes no sense.
Thats absurd. Atheism is the absence of religion. How is the absence of religion a religion? Thats like saying black is a color, or wood is a metal. It makes no sense.  ** Wrong. As always.  "The noun atheism has 2 meanings:  Meaning #1: the doctrine or belief that there is no God Synonym: godlessness Antonym: theism (meaning #1) [bold added]   Meaning #2: a lack of belief in the existence of God or gods   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ** A "doctrine" is--  "A principle or body of principles presented for acceptance or belief, as by a religious, political, scientific, or philosophic group; dogma."  answers.com  Thus atheism is a dogmatic statement of belief, just like any other religion. Most people, BTW, know that by affixing the prefix 'a' to a word, you intend that word's contrary. As in, 'historical'/'ahistorical', 'typical'/'atypical', and 'theist/'atheist'.
We won't miss SleazySport.
Apparently it's not enough to point someone to the Encycopedia Britannica to answer a question. You have to write the encylopedia itself, preferably in words of one syllable. At least if you don't want to be subjected to a finger-pointing, name-calling, logic-free tantrum. Sheesh. This a debate?
Find me a spell check plugin for Firefox Liminus. I had one for IE before I switched over.   Frankly, I'm not surprised we're going to use that for police and military applications.  The Google toolbar for Firefox has a spell checker.  http://www.google.com/tools/firefox/toolbar/FT3/intl/en/   There also seems to be something called "spellbound"  http://spellbound.sourceforge.net/
urgh. Spellbound doesn't work with the updated version of firefox and I'm not installing any kind of toolbar. I do miss IEspell though.  The Newest version of firefox (2.0) seems to have a bulit in one  http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/2.0/releasenotes/
Exactly how are we supposed to take you seriously when you don't know what erosion is?
So do you think dinosaurs tasted just like chicken?
Probably, after all the only thing that doesn't taste like chicken is a bag of McNuggets.
Don't know if you know this, but Supersport (AKA "Butterfly Womb" man) has held to his ignorance concerning erosion over several threads (and on other forums as well, I believe). He doesn't know the first thing about geology.  Then again, if I remember correctly, he accepted the same Ica stones hoax that Archangel recently did on another thread, so I'm not suprised that he is so ignorant.   Oh, I'm well aware of SS's posting history. I've called him on this same issue a few times before. Sadly, he still does not understand a process as basic as erosion, despite it actually being explained to him a few times.
God may also have just lit the fuse and everything follows from there
** ........... since materialism is necessary to atheism. Without it we are forced to the conclusion that "Something" greater than everything we know or can know exists. But note, this "Something", which I tend to characterize as "G*D", or, "The LOGOS", need have very little resemblance to that anthropomophic old testament superhuman worshipped by creationists.   I assume you are aware of the source of the following quotation, and would be happy to associate your views with it?  "I believe in Spinoza's God, who reveals himself in the lawful harmony of all that exists, but not in a God who concerns himself with the fate and the doings of mankind."  James.
"Nothing can come of nothing" - according to Lear.  The principle of ex nihilo, nihil fit seems to be an intuitively self-evident and necessary truth: as such, it is not a truth over which God has any control. So if God creates out of nothing, how is this consistent with the apparent truth that nothing can come of nothing?  This intuitively obvious principle seems to threaten both the theist and the atheist. It's a problem for the atheist because if the universe had a beginning, it could not have come out of nothing and so appears to require a cause for its existence.   It is also a problem for the theist, since if the universe began to exist, it presumably did not come out of God, but was made by God as a distinct creation external to him. Not coming out of God, it came out of nothing - and how is that possible?  James.
THEY ARE NOT. THEY ARE SEEKING TO SUPPORT A PRECONCEIVED OUTCOME AND THAT ISN'T SCIENCE. IT'S A MANUFACTURED BELIEF SYSTEM.  how did you come to discover this conspiracy?
I was saved by God directly who led me to himself and filled me with his unconditional love.Sounds like a rush!  What other drugs are you into?
Archangel is obviously emotionally over invested here.  Any one works that hard even if its all cut and paste is utterly insane with this abnormal desperate need to prove to the world that his beliefs are correct.  This person should become an atheist for there own good.
You need to bear in mind that Gould was not much of a quantitative theoretician. He tended to argue his points in words and was often shall we say less than precisely coherent in mathematical terms.   Well, Gould was a science popularizer, after all, and anyone who writes for the general public is going to have to use lots more words than numbers. Chuck in a bunch of formulae, and you have your audience heading for the exits in droves. What you lose in precision, you gain in (at least general) comprehension.   Although it seems that in the case of some people (SS?) reducing the concepts to words of one syllable wouldn't help.
** That which we sometimes call 'god' does not 'live', but emanates life, along with every other quality that can exist. What G*D is and does is much greater than 'live'. As the sole existing entity, The One, The All, The LOGOS is the source of all things, without being the mere sum of all things and what we call living is just a corporeal, temporal glimpse of that source.  Would you consider it impertinent if I ask if you are Christian? If so, I will slink away . . . .
Unless you can prove that the Divine isn't derived from the mind of men, you are faced with the extreme likelihood that divine is material.  Thought, including emotive and inspirational forms, is coded as information. Information has been constructed as a material model. It has survived testing. It has been shown that information isn't limited by the laws of thermodynamics so it is separate from what physicists normally call material. Yet, information is submissive to treatment by scientific methodology.  I believe you are going to see auras, diviness, spirits, and their associated feelings treated by science.  Hang on.  Science can treat it, or say it does; but science cannot explain it. Claiming that everything is material doesn't make it so.   Of course, If I opt out of scientific principles, and proofs, and so on, I opt out of any chance of convincing anyone outside my belief circle. But so be it, if I am a believer.
Duck issue continued.  OK rabbit. The duck is alive at some point in time. You sever its head from its body and start a clock. Is it dead 1 nsec later? 1 second later? 1 minute later ....... When exactly does the duck in your opinion cease to be alive? And just why does it "die"? Is it because its "vitality" takes a powder and flees the body? Or does its chemistry simply wind down bit by bit till it no longer can carry out the necessary chemical and physical reactions?  Let's replace the duck with a person. Instead of chopping off the head, just smash it up a bit, so that the brain stops working, but keep the body hooked up to machines that pump blood and oxygen around. Is the person dead? Maybe 98% of its cellular matter is still living. You could pop whole, living organs into other bodies, and they'd keep on living. Yet, legally, we call the person "dead."   No bright lines, indeed.
** This, granny, is yet another example of how you materialists are incapable of distingishing between a 'whole', and its 'parts'.  But we were talking living/nonliving, not whole/parts.   My friends will chuckle to hear me referred to as a materialist. I am agonstic. I question everything, accept nothing on faith, and generally annoy everybody.
Now now WW granny is who she says she is, and she is kind enough to provide a conceptual image of her invisible parrot which changes color from time to time. Now I ask you would a materialist even consider having such a pet? You do grannyM a disservice.  Thank you. Perhaps I should introduce my parrot, here. He is invisible. Although no one can see him, I know that he is there. No one, so far, has been able to demonstrate to me, satisfactorily, that he is not there. When I am lying, he is pink. Otherwise, he may be any color. I know what the color is, although I cannot see the parrot. So far, no one has been able to demonstrate that these assertions are not true.   The avatar changes color from time to time; I feel that this is an accurate portrayal of the reality of my parrot. If you can show how this is not true, I'd be interested in how.
Yeah, I agree that defining life can be a pretty arbitrary exercise, and I've yet to see a concise, comprehensive, scientific definition that encompasses everything we generally and colloquially think of as alive, and excludes everything we don't. There are some that are pretty good (e.g. life transduces energy, has metabolism and homeostasis, replicates, mutates and evolves), but it's always possible to find some exception!    How about trotting out that hoary old saw originally cited re pornography: You know it when you see it.
** ROTFLMAO.    ** Yada yada yada, blah blah woof woof.  Gracious, that was an informative post!
** Glad to have been able to say something that did not exceed your level of understanding. :)  Hey wabbit, can you fetch me some ice? Granny needs it for her burn.
** Glad to have been able to say something that did not exceed your level of understanding. :)  Glad to see you don't resort to veiled attacks on other users when you have no argument. :)
Hey wabbit, can you fetch me some ice? Granny needs it for her burn.  The burn is fine, but I could use the ice for my scotch. Thanks!
The burn is fine, but I could use the ice for my scotch. Thanks!At least you drink a civilized drink. You do know that double wood is double good, don't you? Although Johnnie Walker Blue Label is, without a doubt, the absolute best you will ever taste! Never should it be watered or iced - neat only.
Glad to see you don't resort to veiled attacks on other users when you have no argument. :) The operative word being, "veiled"?
The operative word being, "veiled"?  Yup! :) emoticon_xangel
At least you drink a civilized drink. You do know that double wood is double good, don't you? Although Johnnie Walker Blue Label is, without a doubt, the absolute best you will ever taste! Never should it be watered or iced - neat only.  Were I ever offered Johnnie Walker Blue, you can bet I'd drink it neat! On special occasions, I treat myself to Laphroaig or Lagavulin, both drunk neat.
 Bliss is ignorance and Ignorance is bliss.   Ignorance can easily be a source for bliss however, it can be also be obtained through an understanding and acceptance. An example can be seen with much of Buddhist philosophy.  nuf' said
This has been a rather interesting thread so far. In reading it, I was reminded of an essay I read a while back, by the Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges. In "The Argentine Writer and Tradition" he writes:  Some days past I have found a curious confirmation of the fact that what is truly native can and often does dispense with local color; I found this confirmation in Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire. Gibbon observes that in the Arabian book par excellence, in the Koran, there are no camels; I believe if there were any doubt to the authenticity of the Koran, this absence of camels would be sufficient to prove it is an Arabian work. It was written by Mohammed, and Mohammed, as an Arab, had no reason to know that camels were especially Arabian; for him they were a part of reality, he had no reason to emphasize them; on the other hand, the first thing a falsifier, a tourist, an Arab nationalist would do is have a surfeit of camels, caravans of camels, on every page; but Mohammed, as an Arab, was unconcerned: he knew he could be an Arab without camels.   And what does this have to do with the Bible and dinosaurs? The way I see it, Borges' approach to the Koran could be applied to any religious texts that claim a historical basis. So, if we apply this same line of thinking to the dinosaurs and dragons of the Bible, we're left with two options:  1) Dinosaurs and Dragons existed when these verses were written.  Dinosaurs, when they did exist, were very common animals. More abundant than camels, even, and in all parts of the world. If dinosaurs were so common when these Biblical passages were written, why would it be necessary to write about them in such detail when the average reader of the time would already be quite familiar with such creatures? The authenticity of the Bible is therefore called into question.  2) The Bible is authentic* and the depictions of fantastical creatures are just that: fantasy.  The author(s), for whatever reason, felt it necessary to introduce mythical creatures that had no basis in reality, much as Homer used mythical creatures like the cyclops, sirens, etc. in the Odyssey. Things that seem to resemble dragons and other strange, mighty creatures did not actually exist and were products of the author's imagination.  I am curious what you think of this, Archangel. Can you be a Christian without dragons?  *NOTE: I am not necessarily conceding that the Bible is the literal word of God. However, I will concede that there is some degree of historical authenticity.
Without wishing to be a pedant, saying no dinosaur survived KT isn't strictly true. No non-avian dinosaur survived the KT extinction event.  Also, they aren't called tail spikes on Stegosaurus, they're know as the 'Thagomizer' in the trade (See here for why) :)
Am I missing something, or does the linked article have nothing to do with what you said?
I wish I could read the entire article.
emoticon_xangelemoticon_xangel  I guess what gets me so flummoxed is that we have here a member in this obvious child (and evidently, other members also) who are so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in their arrogance and delusions, that they feels they can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way. This liar must know he is perverting my beliefs but has such little respect for the truth and so little shame that he isn't even embarrassed about not only misrepresenting what I have said, but actually arguing and defending that fallacious stance after repeated denials by me, and my insistence that his interpretation of what I have said is absolutely false. And others are dishonest enough to not even correct him, but will actually defend and incourage his dishonesty and perversion of facts. emoticon_confused  Only in this generation do we have people like this mentally ill troll who will insist on telling another person what he believes after he has repeatedly told him he is wrong. I can't imagine a psychosis so severe in a person who is functioning in society that he will refuse to accept it when another person says NO, that isn't what I said or meant to say. I must assume that this lunatic is communicating from some institution and is safely being held behind locked doors and is under 24 hour watch by qualified medical personnel.   So it becomes painfully obvious to me that attempting to reason with this sick and disturbed lunatic is a complete waste of my time as there is no reasoning with him. He will continue to argue such insane positions as I believe that because TQ insulted my ability to do math, and I responded by saying that I reject his atheistic and secular world view, that from that exchange, one must conclude that I then believe that anyone who relies on MATH must then be an ATHEIST.   And only in his very sick and disturbed mind can my stating the FACT that scientists have studied the issue of BUMBLE BEES defying the laws of flight for decades, that in his psychosis induced mind have I argued and still believe that BEES CAN'T FLY AT ALL. Forget that I was speaking only of bumble bees in my original claim, and forget that I wasn't saying even they can't fly but was saying that they DEFY THE LAWS OF FLIGHT. To his disturbed reality, evidently that means I don't believe that any bees can fly anywhere despite a lifetime of seeing bees fly. Can you appreciate how sick such a person who makes such a claim as this obvious child is?  That none of that matters to this mentally ill person is evidence that he has lost his grip on reality. And that is the most gracious conclusion I can come to here. Otherwise, if I don't conclude that he is mentally ill, the only other option is to conclude that he is a committed fabricator of facts, a false witness, a falsifier of reality, a maligner of his opponents stated beliefs, a purposeful perjurer, and an unapologetic prevaricator who prefers to lie about a persons beliefs in opposition to the stated truth of what another person insists they actually believe.   So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say. http://weblogs.newsday.com/sports/columnists/jimbaumbach/blog/2007-08-02Spam.jpg
Since you are repeating the same lie and refusing to accept my insistent claim that your insane distortions don't reflect my beliefs, you leave me no alternative but to repost my open letter describing either the mental illness which you suffer from, or your propensity to misrepresent/purposely lie about what I believe. You can also find this permanently posted, HERE: 4Forums.com Political Debates and Polls - View Profile: Archangel So, lying now, huh Archie? Or did you not, in this very post quote your past statement (emphasis by me to point out the lie):  So which is it? Either way what is painfully obvious is that attempting to reason with such a person is a complete waste of time. as he has proven to be beyond the capability of rational discourse. My only option if admin refuses to ban such a member, is to ignore him. So consider it done. His lies aren't worth defending against anyway since everyone can plainly see how he distorts what others say.  And yet here you are, not ignoring him, and attempting once again to "defend" against "his lies".  So much for credibility, Archie, you can't even keep your own word!
[INDENT]I guess what gets me so flummoxed about this obnoxious child/troll is that we have here a member who is so absolutely dishonest, so blatant in his arrogance and delusions, that he feels he can state what my deep seeded beliefs are based on things I have never, ever said in any way.  Was it not Archangel who went on a tear assigning the female gender to Obvious Child, despite OC's insistence that he is male? (IMHO, the creepiest aspect of this was that it appeared Archangel meant it as an insult.)  I've seen Archangel, repeatedly, question the religious faith of other posters, most notably Matthew, despite being told, repeatedly, that Matthew is Christian.  Do I think OC tries to make too much of some poorly written comments by Archangel? Yes. However, I see this as OC simply trying to get Archangel's goat, so to speak, and being quite effective at it.   On the other hand, it is Archangel that I see, habitually, ascribe positions to others that are contrary to what they have said. IMHO, it is simply absurd to see him so "flummoxed" by OC.  Is OC being obnoxious? YES! (IMHO) But, from what I've seen, it is in response to Archangel being an absolute creep, in just about every post he makes.   I suspect OC is in his teens (pure speculation-- no offense intended if I'm way off, OC), and his behavior seems perfectly normal for his age. Archangel, on the other hand, is allegedly 56! What's his excuse?
It is precisely this aspect of the obnoxious childs debating style which caused me to sincerely believe he was a woman. Women never forget and tend to bring up past mistakes, errors/sins in current arguments; just like this little child does. That is why I accused him of being not only a woman but the worst example of what a woman is.  A CREEP? Would you quote any posts of mine which would define me as a creep, please, Rather than someone sharing their valid opinions on a debate forum? If you find my opinions creepy then you find the scriptural principles I defend creepy, and that falls on you Tester, not me, because my morals, ethics, and value, system are nothing which needs to be apologized for.  I rest my case.
That would probably depend upon which of his personas you were engaged with. His unbalanced relationship with one of them in particular, where all things positive are attributed to the invisible friend, whereas all the vile thoughts, negativity and personal failures are ascribed to himself, is likely part of his pathology.  Strange you just described yourself.
Speaking of vile negativity, who rattled your cage?  Again a perfect description of yourself. :p
Attempting to reason with you empty vessels is no more productive than if I went to a cemetery and attempted to argue with the head stone of any occupant there. It is a useless waste of time and energy  Then why in the HELL are you still here on this forum, archibald?
You churn out page after page of boring poop as a result of those who challenge you, I would call that an impact on your reality.  That you read it is very telling and speaks loads about your reality.
Archie, let's get one thing straight:  You have never won a debate. Never. You have never even demonstrated the ability to even comprehend the subject matter. You never "defeated" those who debated you - they just gave up talking to you since you can't be brought to actually debate the topic, with rational arguments.  (OK, I can't prove never, but of all the posts you made that I've seen and can remember at a moment's notice, you haven't)
Is Global Warming a real problem ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/GLOBAL_WARMING.HTM
Is man's effect on the ozone insignificant?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_volcanoe_ozone.HTM
I just now noticed this question. I will have to come back to it in the near future.
Global warming may or may not be the result of what humans are doing, although it sure isn't helped by our destorying the environment. Now the increasing amount of natural disasters worries me a lot more than global warming which doesn't seem to be progressing to quickly (from winter to early summer, 136 of 140 days were below average temperature where I live). I could really use some global warming up here in Michigan!!!
For my answer to the question see this thread
I'd worry more about another ice age than a melting of the current ice box. We're going to cause clouds of pollutants to screen out the sun's warming rays, allowing the earth's temperature to plummet. Glaciers will form all the way down to the Florida panhandle. When we begin to recover and develop new cities, we will be blessed in that there will be no more mosquitoes.
Here's a link that should be checked out.  http://www.reveal.ca/friendsofscience/ Bad name I know, but GOOD site.  Also try  www.cspg.org and www.aapg.org  Waxy
Ya, were all gonna die from heat strokes and stuff like that......or drown. emoticon_xgood   But it's all because the earth is slowing down, which allows the sun to heat the earth up more.
global warming is actually real. it may be cold but the temperature has to do with the angle that the suns rays hit the surface of the earth. so during the winter it will still be cold, but for where i live the heat was above average this winter season. so the enevitable will come and soon enough summer is gonna b a biotch! especially if u live in texas or sum were around there. so yes global warming is real and defianantly not a hoax, and if you wunt stats/proof go onto some of the anti pollution sites and they will tell u numbers.  Actually, why read when you can experience the warming effect first hand? Just go to an cold place like Alaska and see if there were any changes in the past 30 years. If there were none, then no global warming. If there was, then there is global warming.  If there is global warming, then the next question would be, what is causing it? Is it humans or is it natural or both. Either way, it ain't good.
I don't support or refute the global warming issue....  I have read that the earth's temperature is variable. Example: ice ages (plural) According to ice-core samples from Greenland, the earth is just emerging from a "mini-ice age." In other words, the last 300 - 500 years have been cooler than normal.  My point? Just this. Things change (evolution, racial concepts, the magnetic polerization of the planet, ect.). We should not presume that we know all the causes or reasons of change on our planet -yet.
I don't support or refute the global warming issue....  I have read that the earth's temperature is variable. Example: ice ages (plural) According to ice-core samples from Greenland, the earth is just emerging from a "mini-ice age." In other words, the last 300 - 500 years have been cooler than normal.  My point? Just this. Things change (evolution, racial concepts, the magnetic polerization of the planet, ect.). We should not presume that we know all the causes or reasons of change on our planet -yet.  And exactly how does one measure the Earth's temperature (thus, know it was variable) through "ice core samples" from Greenland?
Primarily, the scientists measure the thickness of each year's layers. Obviously; however, the amounts of precipitation vary, too. I'll get some more details and get back to you.  btw, ice-core samples are taken all over the globe from glaciers.
And exactly how does one measure the Earth's temperature (thus, know it was variable) through "ice core samples" from Greenland?  In addition to thickness, the key method is that each layer of ice has unique Oxygen isotope signature (among others). The O isotope ratio is an excellent indicator of global temperature.  Waxy
Thats another reason why freely distributed guns are good. Killing people cuts down Carbon Dioxide emissions!
Thats another reason why freely distributed guns are good. Killing people cuts down Carbon Dioxide emissions!  All your posts are like this. Are you on crack?
All your posts are like this. Are you on crack?Perhaps the screen name gives me the impression that all his/her posts will be tongue-in-cheek or outright lies! :)   As for the apparent drug usage, I'd say it's more likely LSD than crack. A person on crack usually sells their computer! :p
 As for the apparent drug usage, I'd say it's more likely LSD than crack. A person on crack usually sells their computer! :p  Very sharp Jim, very sharp ;)
The first link I couldn't get to but the second is very interesting but I was aware of the history. It's all a matter of scale. While entirely possible that the airborne lead peaked in some distant age, the overall impact(pollution) has never been greater than now.Awh, now! I bet it was really bad when all the dinosaurs died at one time. Can you imagine?
The house believes that Global Warming is not man made, but is actually just a natural heat strike. Prove us wrong.
Termites produce two times the carbon dioxide that humans do... let's have a war with termites to get rid of some carbon dioxide. :) lolICBM, but I believe the termites make up the largest land-based biomass on earth.
Is Al Gore also a Raiders fan? The google ads came up with an ad for Raiders' jerseys and the only key word I can think of that would trigger it would be Al Gore. Sorry for going a bit off topic, just kind of strange. Back to our regularly scheduled program. :)
Americans are obsessed with the lust to get rid of oil dependence. They are ready to bring the world on the verge of ecological catastrophe. It has become known that U.S. experts discovered that corn and colza fuel produces 50-70 % more greenhouse gases than petrol or diesel oil. And at the same time they've triggered this hysteria in Europe about biological fuel and don't hurry to announce about their discovery. On the contrary Americans continue telling tales about improvement of environment statement after total change-over biological fuel. They don't mind about 3 million people in poverty-stricken countries of Africa and South America starve because such cheap food as soy, corn and sunflower would become prohibitive because of their price. The costs would immediately take off once the fields destined for traditional crops are used for biological fuel ones. Oh no, they just want make money hand over fist and not depend from oil-exporting countries. How can you compare lives of some people of second chop with American golden god?
Brussels is going to put in force exorbitant ecological tax on European routes. For sure someone in European Commission really, really doesn't like EU newcomers very much. Because most of trucks with export production traveling on European routes are from Eastern Europe and Baltic countries. And now all those numerous small businesses of EU newcomers will be deprived of most inexpensive possibility of transport their production. It doesn't look like program of newcomers' support at all. This is utter discrimination. Pompous Old Europe is tired to play good democratic sponsor of its neighbors. So it begins getting rid of 'dead weight'.
This is cool. umgd
It seems that the high priest of Global Warming is so unconcerned about its reality that In the past year, Gore's home burned through 213,210 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, enough to power 232 average American households for a month. Wait, an ad hominem that even skews the stats? You could at least compare monthly to monthly, or yearly to yearly. You could point out that his modifications decreased his energy consumption. You could tell us whether that number included time while renovations were taking place, if you even knew. You could clarify whether this compensates for natural gas, propane, or heating oil usage. You could explain whether the amount "burned through" is from the grid alone or also includes the non-impacting solar and geothermal contributions.  But doing so would require not being a rightwing parrot.
A well established reality? I repeatemoticon_xclown Did that answer his question?
Not really, did I have to? Did he not include Christians? Does it make any difference to the argument as global warming being the new religion? He certainly didn't address the point that I was making? What are you, his mother?  Not to worry , just put it right. Well done.  And no, not his mother (or father for that matter).
Faux.News and all the Faux.News clones, ABC, NBC and CBS. Not to mention the right wing takeover of PBS.  That's a joke right? It has to be since it has no evidence, facts nor logic to it.
I think you should stick to your favorite medium, boiling cauldrons. :p  Strange I thought it was devining by fondling fish guts and predicting any thing to the right of Joe Stalin was right wing.
The culprit is menopausal hotflashes from us aging boomers.  More ppl and animals die worldwide from exposure to cold than heat, plus added C02 will be boon for flora.
Ness (earthbound fan?) It's my opinion that your "truths" are just as misleading as the original statements.
4. Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet.  didn't Kevin Costner do a movie about this in 1995?
If he asks for your source,s you have to provide them. It's not an option. THe burden of proof is on the person who makes a statement. So Waxy is correct. It doesn't matter if you don't play the game. YOu condede if you don't provide sources. YOu don't expect them to take your word at face value, do you?
Horrible news.   http://www.thestate.com/mld/state/2003/08/16/news/nation/6537714.htm   http://edstrong.blog-city.com/read/181067.htm   http://cbsnewyork.com/topstories/topstories_story_226152201.html   Why don't Americans care?
Who says Americans don't care?
Our media hardly ever talks about it, yet our media keeps obsessing over a few deaths in Isreal, or the Sniper shooting. Why doesn't our media talk more about the heat wave? Because most Americans don't care just because France didn't help us fight Iraq.
But those are issues that directly affect us and that we can do something about. What can we do about people dying in a heat wave?
I suppose in your mind you believe that Americans hate the French so much that they don't care if thousands of them die. Perhaps that is the view in your neightborhood in California but I doubt it and as a whole the idea is simply idiotic. People here care about what is happening in France although it is not a top story. I've seen several news reports just about this every day for the last week so there is no doubt that it is being reported on and things don't get reported on this often if no one cares. Perhaps it is hard for us to relate to what is happening there to the same extent that French or other European people can. There is of course the little matter of Iraq and more of our own troubles that consume much of the news here. Don't mistake that for the majority of Americans not caring what is happening in France.
hmmmm, bigger concern:  International tension and war ooooooooor hot weather
Considering those French died from heat and not because someone killed them... I see a huge difference. :-\
The government should be able to handle their own problems. If they ask for our assistance we should of course assist them. The people of France do not deserve to be punished by the US because of their Iraq opinions.  Always Stay Open Minded
I think the count may be up to 10,000 now...
Morfos, do YOU really care? Have you sent money to help the people who's families have died? Or to help families buy air conditioners if they don't have one? How about when hurricane season hits and thousands are killed by floods? What about all the people who starve to death each day?   It really is so easy to sit at your computer and say "this is so horrible" and not do anything about it.
Look at how America treats its' own senior citizens/parents.   The old timers have to cross borders for medications to live, suffer(ranging anywhere from bed sores to death) in old folk homes...ect   Imagine what the next generation( if any) would be like    Here recently I heard the American Gov was stiffing the retards.....
who cares anyway? there'll be millions more dead every day and million more born everyday. so it's no big surprise because the circle life has to continue or else they would over populate the world. so be thankful that it happened or else you might be living in an over populated area like china and india.
who cares anyway? there'll be millions more dead every day and million more born everyday. so it's no big surprise because the circle life has to continue or else they would over populate the world. so be thankful that it happened or else you might be living in an over populated area like china and india. exactly, why care? we will all die eventually anyway. great reasoning! (the above was a sarcastic comment)
exactly, why care? we will all die eventually anyway. great reasoning! (the above was a sarcastic comment)  My thoughts exactly (sarcastically of course). You can justify a whole lot of actions if you just assume that we will all die anyways so why worry how a person dies.
Can you imagine how bad France must have smelled? All that French cheese lying around in the heat...I think I would have prayed for death, but that's just me.
Horrible news.   http://www.thestate.com/mld/state/2003/08/16/news/nation/6537714.htm   http://edstrong.blog-city.com/read/181067.htm   http://cbsnewyork.com/topstories/topstories_story_226152201.html   Why don't Americans care?  If what happened after the Iraqi Invasion is any indication many of them probably think that the "Cheese eating surrender monkeys" got what they deserved.
Man made or natural?
are you joking?  I have a debate thing in one of my classes and I was just trying to get proof for it.
The "Hole" in the Ozone layer was found in 1956 before CFC was being widely used......  Wow,,,very interesting. Cant wait to see the replies to this.
Noticably there hasn't been one for 2 and a half hours...... Still nothing,,,,guess they are gonna let it die
What do ya'll think?
Well, really, they both compensate and reciprocate for one another, you could say.
In my opinion the environment is not as important as economics simply because a strong economy means increases in science and technology. Although it may not seem to be leading us towards a more environmentally friendly economy yet it is inevitable that it will end up there. The reason for this is that an economy cannot succeed without a respectable balance with nature and at our current pace we are not going to be at a respectable balance with nature forever. Strong economics will lead to a balance with nature or economics will fail.
Now I know that Nuclear Power has already been discussed but I just wished to see if people thought we should have nuclear power or not. Just curious.
The nuclear power debate is emerging once again in my country. We finally have some distance (time) to Chernobyl so we can discuss the matter rationally. Apparantly many young adults who didn`t experience Chernobyl as grown ups do not buy into the "nuclear=death-machine that will kill us all" propaganda :)
In the future, unless some radical new technology gets discovered nuclear power will become more important as a source of energy. At some point oil and gas will be more costly to use for electrical power then nuclear power. When that happens nuke plants will become more common.
There have been some rather impressive developments with non-nuclear power. For example, newly developed Thermo-Depolymerization Technology (which converts carbon-rich garbage into crude oil). The conversion process doesn't create any harmful pollutants and use of the new form of oil actually releases less greenhouse gases than would be released by the natural decay process if the material had been stored in a landfill.  'Turkey waste turned into oil' - New York Newsday - New TDP plant generating a positive cash flow while selling crude oil converted from garbage at a price 10% less than equivalent oil produced at a conventional refinery. http://www.nynewsday.com/technology/ny-liturk073836915jun07,0,1109501.story?coll=ny-technology-headlines   'Missouri plant begins making oil from farm waste' - Waste News - Crude oil No. 4, produced from agricultural waste products, put on the market.  http://www.wastenews.com/headlines2.html?id=1085160729    'Turkey Fuel? Factory to Turn Guts into Crude Oil' - National Geographic - Details how a Carthage plant is converting turkey waste into crude oil and its potential to solve many of America's waste disposal problems while making us less dependant on foreign oil.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2003/11/1125_031125_turkeyoil.html   'Researchers turn manure into crude oil' - MSNBC News - Researcher Yanhui Zhang of the University of Illinois has successfully converted pig manure into oil in small batches. He uses a similar process to the one already being used by a plant in Carthage, Mo., that converts tons of waste material, such as feathers and entrails, from a nearby Butterball Turkey plant into light crude oil.  http://msnbc.msn.com/id/4732398/    And on the hydrogen frontier, there was a recent breakthrough in an ethanol-to-hydrogen reactor that will make hydrogen much more competitive as an energy source. http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/science/02/13/hydrogen.reactors.ap/    Mark Harm Candidate for State Representative - Michigan
There is an interesting article in a recent issue of Fortune magazine detailing the success of French nuclear power. The article gives a reasonably good case to the advacement of nuclear power plants.   There are some security concerns that would certainly have to be addressed before we start popping plants up across the country. Other than that I think new nuclear power plants deserve their day in court.
There is a huge difference between fission and fusion. fission bad, fusion good.
There is a huge difference between fission and fusion. fission bad, fusion good.  Oh yeah, generalizations are cool! Let's all jump on this bandwagon!  Black people bad, white people good.  Muslims bad, Christians good.  Fission bad, fusion good.  Geez.
Obviously you need to read up on the differeneces. They are in no way equal, and why you brought race and religion into this debate preplexes me.
Obviously you need to read up on the differeneces. They are in no way equal, and why you brought race and religion into this debate preplexes me.  I bring it up, because you seem completely unafraid to make gross generalizations. It's the mindset I'm talking about, not the specific issue. Read what I wrote, and understand it, before you respond.  Beyond that, trust me, I'm well-read. Probably more than you.  The point I was trying to get across... you didn't get it the first time, rather concentrating on the social side-issues of my first post... is that both forms of power have their advantages. At this point, fission's biggest advantage is its feasibility; fusion HAS NONE!  People are afraid of fission, and rightfully so, remembering Chernobyl. Yet, if mankind is to progress, he must fight past his fears, and advance.
Sorry, but we don't have to apply social equalities to inanime objects. Fusion is better, the ONLY problem is it's not ready for mass use yet. That doesn't make fission power any better.  I'm not really worried about a three mile island. I'm more worried about those thousands upon millions of gallons of radioactive waste and their effects.
There have been some rather impressive developments with non-nuclear power. For example, newly developed Thermo-Depolymerization Technology (which converts carbon-rich garbage into crude oil). The conversion process doesn't create any harmful pollutants and use of the new form of oil actually releases less greenhouse gases than would be released by the natural decay process if the material had been stored in a landfill.  'Turkey waste turned into oil' - New York Newsday - New TDP plant generating a positive cash flow while selling crude oil converted from garbage at a price 10% less than equivalent oil produced at a conventional refinery. http://www.nynewsday.com/technology/ny-liturk073836915jun07,0,1109501.story?coll=ny-technology-headlines   'Missouri plant begins making oil from farm waste' - Waste News - Crude oil No. 4, produced from agricultural waste products, put on the market.  http://www.wastenews.com/headlines2.html?id=1085160729    'Turkey Fuel? Factory to Turn Guts into Crude Oil' - National Geographic - Details how a Carthage plant is converting turkey waste into crude oil and its potential to solve many of America's waste disposal problems while making us less dependant on foreign oil.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2003/11/1125_031125_turkeyoil.html   'Researchers turn manure into crude oil' - MSNBC News - Researcher Yanhui Zhang of the University of Illinois has successfully converted pig manure into oil in small batches. He uses a similar process to the one already being used by a plant in Carthage, Mo., that converts tons of waste material, such as feathers and entrails, from a nearby Butterball Turkey plant into light crude oil.  http://msnbc.msn.com/id/4732398/    And on the hydrogen frontier, there was a recent breakthrough in an ethanol-to-hydrogen reactor that will make hydrogen much more competitive as an energy source. http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/science/02/13/hydrogen.reactors.ap/    Mark Harm Candidate for State Representative - Michigan    They make the crude oil by heating waste under pressure.  WHERE DO THEY GET THE HEAT?   .
Sorry, but we don't have to apply social equalities to inanime objects. Fusion is better, the ONLY problem is it's not ready for mass use yet. That doesn't make fission power any better.  I'm not really worried about a three mile island. I'm more worried about those thousands upon millions of gallons of radioactive waste and their effects.  Controlled fusion ain't ready by a long shot. It will be decades before we see the first prototype fusion power station.  http://physicsweb.org/articles/world/17/1/6/1  I agree that fission waste is terrible.   .
I bring it up, because you seem completely unafraid to make gross generalizations. It's the mindset I'm talking about, not the specific issue. Read what I wrote, and understand it, before you respond.  Beyond that, trust me, I'm well-read. Probably more than you.  The point I was trying to get across... you didn't get it the first time, rather concentrating on the social side-issues of my first post... is that both forms of power have their advantages. At this point, fission's biggest advantage is its feasibility; fusion HAS NONE!  People are afraid of fission, and rightfully so, remembering Chernobyl. Yet, if mankind is to progress, he must fight past his fears, and advance.   At least you think you're smart. I wish others could say the same about you. How do you come on this forum, make 28 posts, and then decide you are well-read, more so than everyone else?   Also, I have no clue why you brought race into this. Saying fission is good, fusions is bad has no business being compared with saying someone of one race is better than another. Get a clue.  P.S---You would think someone so well-read would know how to spell screw, wouldn't you?
Nothing will replace fossil fuels until they reach a market price that favors an alternative.  And the government can find a way to heavily TAX that alternative without a public outcry.
Clearly this John Raven just wants a bigger budget and so he's made up yet more stuff about the problems of CO2 pollution emoticon_rolleyes   Why is this clear?
Ocean acidity is old news...
You'll have to ask gnojek that. It appears he thinks that any pronouncement by a scientist suggesting CO2 production is a problem is a conspiracy theory by scientists to get bigger budgets:  "As scientists we will tell you that there is a major problem that can only be solved through science , which can only be done with money. We're scientists and we really like grant money to do research. Wouldn't it be great if we had a global initiative to fund this research indefinitely, or until the global warming problem is solved..."  It's the YEC movement all over again: there's no proof, the evidence could be interpreted either way, it's a scientific conspiracy theory, the Devil is behind it: it's un-Christian to cut back on fossil fuel burning etc emoticon_xclown  Ah, my bad... :p
Debate is over...Clive chickened out....JP was tearing him a new one anyway. When do I get my big money? I was just as ready to get paid as Harriet was, but haven't seen any handouts yet. It's a shame about the lack of constitution in the quiter.  Verbal coitus interruptus! What a let down. emoticon_cry :xcensored :p
I've got to agree with this assessment.  I think Clive14 dreamed up a dramatic crisis in an attempt to get himself banned rather than face a through defeat in the wake of pompous challenge.  WaxyI think this is an interesting conclusion, no? It does look like an invented dramatic crisis to escape the debate. I feel I must disagree with your idea of defeat though. Clive14 was very pompous and arrogant and so might have tried to avoid humiliation and defeat by running away, but he has been humiliated and defeated anyway, no? He took nearly the full four days to do each post. His last post was not finished even. I think he might have "cooked up" the crisis as he was too arrogant to say he had no time and couldn't finish. I feel it is sad that he did that, as he could have won. JPSartre12 was very muddled I feel. He dismissed evidence because it came from the UN bodies or "left wing" groups. He used appeals to authority (I think that the right term) a lot. He swung between there being no global warming to global warming will be a good thing. His argument, I think he even admitted himself, was really one of politics and money, not of science. But Clive14 did not really tackle any of that, he instead offered poor choices of counter evidence to the science only I feel. Again this makes me think he was spending too little time on his posts to hope to win.  It was a very disapointing debate. It ought to be a lesson though to not build up the hype before. He was very rude to you Waxy for example and implied anyone who disagreed with him was dumb, so he made life difficult before he started. Also if you are right Waxy, then only debate if you can cope with losing. If I am right, only debate if you have the time to do it right.
I'm also of the opinion that JP had the advantage and would have taken game, set, and match. But I would be surprised if Clive14 quit because he was on the brink of a defeat. He was a pugnacious debater who gave no quarter.  Unfortunately, he alienated many by his reckless insults and impatience with anyone who disagreed with him. His challenge to Waxy was very insolent and invited a sort of nemesis.
This article, from the Daily Telegraph, states that data from the "Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia" shows "that for the years 1998-2005 global average temperature did not increase (there was actually a slight decrease, though not at a rate that differs significantly from zero)."  Does anyone know anything about this university (i.e. is it reputable in this area of science)? Also, any thoughts on the author and his interpretation of this data (if the data is reliable that is).
I also visited the university's website and looked at their data. There does appear to be information which contradicts with the above listed article's claims (e.g. - http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/temperature/nhshgl.gif). Not sure what he is talking about.
Hey im new and this is actually my first post, as side from the intro one I gave.  . Welcome, Evan. I look forward to your input despite your signature quote source. Dono
It is pretty bizzare. There are plenty of groups out there that will reach whatever "conclusion" you pay them to reach. Why he didn't cite one of them instead of an easily checkable source that says the opposite of what he says they do is beyond me.  lol...nice
Crown of creation?  I fail to see how we are any different from bacteria.  We will feed on the resources until they run out or until we render the environment unlivable with our own waste or both.   People just like us have lived on earth for almost a million years.   The dinosaurs lived on earth for 65 million years.   Witch is the more successful form of life so far?  We have a long ways to go before we can say that we were the crown of anything.  AN EGOCENTRIC ATTITUDE IS THE WRONG ATTITUDE.
The dinosaurs lived on earth for 65 million years.   Way off. Dinosaurs were around from approximately 248 million years ago till 65 million years ago. 248-65= 183 million years.  Humans are at what, maybe 60,000 years?
I stand corrected.
"I would rather be descended from a humble ape...."   "humble ape?" LOL! Do they keep them in separate cages at the zoo?
You don't get the point. I didn't think you would. That would require INTELLIENCE.  So, Trebor butchers "intelligence," like I thought he would. LOL!
So, I can't spell. On the other hand, I understand people. And I am not someone who has too much starch in their shorts, and is so unhappy with themself and the world (like you are)  Why is it the religious people are obsessed with spelling?  I have a theory:  In a chat room anytime someone misspells something it is all ways the women that scorn the evildoer.  Religious men are obsessively homophobic which we now know thanks to the advanced modern science of psychological stuff is repressed homosexuality, meaning they like boys.  Therefore and in conclusion they are girls.
Oh ok, sorry girls!  Maybe girls will like me better now?
You never know till you ask ;p  Oh ok.  EZ, you like me better now?
"But greenpeace isn't like any other company, because it's not making any money. Its leaders get paid little compared to the CEOs of similar sized companies."  Is that a fact? I recall an investigation into greenpeace some years ago. What they discovered turned my stomach. Money is EVERYTHING to EVERYONE except maybe mother theresa
According to this site, it's 0.28%. So if this is true (I'm not sure if this is credible or not, someone else pointed it out to me), that means if we were to eliminate EVERY SINGLE thing that caused any greenhouse gasses (stopped driving cars altogether, stopped using AC, heaters, etc.) there would still be 99.72% of the gasses there are now. According to Gore in "An Inconvenient Truth" small changes such as restrictions on cars and such would be enough to stop global warming. So which is it? I think we all know global warming is happening, it's just whether humans are causing it and whether it will continue to warm at this rate or whether it will beigin cooling in the future again. According to this site we really can't do much to change it and it is mostly natural. According to Gore we're in danger and need to stop this tragedy that we can prevent. I hate it when people come up with different facts. Different opinions are natural, but when people give different "facts" one of them must be wrong. Which is it?  Here's the site: http://www.clearlight.com/~mhieb/WVFossils/greenhouse_data.html
 Nuclear power is more expensive than wind per kilowatt, as I understand it, and given that no nuclear plants have been built here in decades, I doubt that this is due to the cost of building them.  Its the cost of building them when you already have powerplants that work fine and the public's distrust of nuclear power more than the trouble with the power source itself. Don't breeder reactors make the abundance of uranium less significant as well?
http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/story.html?id=156df7e6-d490-41c9-8b1f-106fef8763c6&k=0 "Dr. Shariv, a prolific researcher who has made a name for himself assessing the movements of two-billion-year-old meteorites, no longer accepts this logic, or subscribes to these views. He has recanted: "Like many others, I was personally sure that CO2 is the bad culprit in the story of global warming. But after carefully digging into the evidence, I realized that things are far more complicated than the story sold to us by many climate scientists or the stories regurgitated by the media.  "In fact, there is much more than meets the eye."  Dr. Shariv's digging led him to the surprising discovery that there is no concrete evidence -- only speculation -- that man-made greenhouse gases cause global warming. Even research from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change-- the United Nations agency that heads the worldwide effort to combat global warming -- is bereft of anything here inspiring confidence. In fact, according to the IPCC's own findings, man's role is so uncertain that there is a strong possibility that we have been cooling, not warming, the Earth. Unfortunately, our tools are too crude to reveal what man's effect has been in the past, let alone predict how much warming or cooling we might cause in the future.  All we have on which to pin the blame on greenhouse gases, says Dr. Shaviv, is "incriminating circumstantial evidence," which explains why climate scientists speak in terms of finding "evidence of fingerprints." Circumstantial evidence might be a fine basis on which to justify reducing greenhouse gases, he adds, "without other 'suspects.' " However, Dr. Shaviv not only believes there are credible "other suspects," he believes that at least one provides a superior explanation for the 20th century's warming." It has been claimed here that the ony scientists who disagree with global warming either have ties to oil companies or are not specifically climatologists (which shouldn't necessarily matter).   Both the idea that they may have some tie to oil companies or that they aren't specifically climatologists, of course, are beside the point--what matters is their logical reasons and data they can point to. There are scientists on both sides of the issue of whether or not global warming is human-caused. It just so happens that those who fall on the side of human-caused global warming tend to be winning a huge PR thrust that's been going on for some time.  And before anyone thinks otherwise, I tend to fall on the side of global warming and that humans are at least contributing. But I can't go along with the idea some have that anyone who scientifcally challenges the global warming view of human-caused should be written off--pretty much automatically.
I love your signature E Mutz.  I need to put it on my front door :)
The horror!  What about cricket rather than roundersemoticon_xangel
"Armed with Gore's utility bills for the last two years, the Tennessee Center for Policy Research charged Monday that the gas and electric bills for the former vice president's 20-room home and pool house devoured nearly 221,000 kilowatt-hours in 2006, more than 20 times the national average of 10,656 kilowatt-hours.  "If this were any other person with $30,000-a-year in utility bills, I wouldn't care," says the Center's 27-year-old president, Drew Johnson. "But he tells other people how to live and he's not following his own rules."  "I appreciate the solar panels," he said, "but he also has natural gas lanterns in his yard, a heated pool, and an electric gate. While I appreciate that he's switching out some light bulbs, he is not living the lifestyle that he advocates." http://abclocal.go.com/ktrk/story?section=nation_world&id=5072659
Well, it's the classic "Do as I say, don't do as I do".
In the interest of fairness and balance, did you think to check to see if he might be running an office or web server or some other legitimate power-hungry activity out of his house? He isn't using all that power just to run an electric gate.
That would have to be one hell of a web server. I think it has more to do with the fact that the house has 20 rooms (and is one of four).   He could be employing an army of blind dwarves for all I care. He's cranking out $30,000 in utilities and want's me to carpool? Hey Al? Do you like a glass of Wine now and then? Well, I'm a raging alcoholic and I say you need to cut back on your drinking.  Nuts
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong.
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong.  No but his complete dependence on a media machine certainly takes away from the validity of his message. The models for climate change that Gore recites are strictly weather and do not look at global climate patterns and do not look at climate changes within history. The changes that are occuring now are within the limits of changes that have happened elsewhere in history. His information is just a "part" of the story. That is why he is incorrect.
No but his complete dependence on a media machine certainly takes away from the validity of his message.  Thank you. That's what I'm looking for. Merely because one is a hypocrite does not make their message wrong. One is wrong for other reasons.
Thank you. That's what I'm looking for. Merely because one is a hypocrite does not make their message wrong. One is wrong for other reasons.  Correct. However, a true leader leads by example, not just with words. This is why Al gore will never be my president.
Correct. However, a true leader leads by example, not just with words. This is why Al gore will never be my president.  Your president? No, That's why Al Gore will never be anyone's president.   Still, it would be a hard decision to pick between Gore and Quayle.
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong. True, the message is not necessarily false. But when someone starts spreading a message that he/she doesn't believe in, I start questioning someone's motives/agenda and with that I also start questioning the credibility of the message. Gore is selling something that he doesn't believe in. That's akin to the owner of car company driving in another car brand. Makes me think that's there's something wrong with the products that they're selling.
True, the message is not necessarily false. But when someone starts spreading a message that he/she doesn't believe in, I start questioning someone's motives/agenda and with that I also start questioning the credibility of the message. Gore is selling something that he doesn't believe in. That's akin to the owner of car company driving in another car brand. Makes me think that's there's something wrong with the products that they're selling.  I think that Gore believes in his message. I think that people are failing to consider the fact that Gore is part of the upper/ruling class, so he has the right to all the energy he needs. The idea is not for HIM to change. The idea is to get the middle and lower class folks to change. They are using WAY too much energy to heat thier homes, cook their food, drive to and from work, etc... Gore needs that energy to heat his pool. Greenhouse gas reductions require sacrifice. The american upper class does NOT DO sacrifice.
http://guerillawomentn.blogspot.com/2007/02/gore-smacks-down-drama-queen-drudge.html  1) Gore's family has taken numerous steps to reduce the carbon footprint of their private residence, including signing up for 100 percent green power through Green Power Switch, installing solar panels, and using compact fluorescent bulbs and other energy saving technology.   2) Gore has had a consistent position of purchasing carbon offsets to offset the family's carbon footprint - a concept the right-wing fails to understand. Gore's office explains:   What Mr. Gore has asked is that every family calculate their carbon footprint and try to reduce it as much as possible. Once they have done so, he then advocates that they purchase offsets, as the Gore's do, to bring their footprint down to zero.  The Tennessean elaborates, "Gore purchased 108 blocks of 'green power' for at least each of the last three months, according to a summary of bills from Nashville Electric Service. . . The green power purchased by Gore in those three months is equivalent to recycling 2.48 million aluminum cans, or recycling 286,092 pounds of newspaper, according to comparison figures on the utility's Web site."  Dave Johnson and James Boyce over at Huffington Post report on The Tennessee Center For Policy Research.  And lo and behold we have not only an Exxon connection, but the Bush and Cheney 'mexed missages' manufacturer itself -- the radical right-wing American Enterprise Institute:  Tennessee Center's President Drew Johnson comes straight out of the right's network, coming from Exxon-funded American Enterprise Institute and the right-wing-funded National Taxpayers Foundation.  They are part of the right's State Policy Network. According to PFAW,  "SPN is a national network of state-based right-wing organizations in 37 states as well as prominent nationwide right-wing organizations. Through its network SPN advances the public policy ideas of the expansive right-wing political movement on the state and local level."  As of Feb. 16, the Tennessee tax dept. considers them "not a legitimate organization" because of their misrepresenting themselves involving questions about the group's opposition to a state crackdown on drug dealers.  The Tennessee Center for Policy Research bills itself as, um, nonpartisan.  The entire budget for 2005 was $105k of which $52k went to salary expense. The Center spent no money on research but it did spend $9k on meals and travel.  http://digg.com/environment/Who_is_this_Tennessee_Center_for_Policy_Research
I think that Gore believes in his message. I think that people are failing to consider the fact that Gore is part of the upper/ruling class, so he has the right to all the energy he needs. The idea is not for HIM to change. The idea is to get the middle and lower class folks to change. They are using WAY too much energy to heat thier homes, cook their food, drive to and from work, etc... Gore needs that energy to heat his pool. Greenhouse gas reductions require sacrifice. The american upper class does NOT DO sacrifice.  Al Gore's in royal company. Prince Charles is in the habit of giving lofty sermons (to the plebs) about his environmental concerns while he hires a 767 for long distance flights with a staff of twenty seven. However, his "carbon footprint" is offset by planting bushes in the organic garden at his country mansion.   James.
Talk about accepting the class you were born into... You must be a european to believe as you do. You see, we don't have Royals in the USA  Kennedys? Hello? Where have you been the past 40 years?   or a class system  Are you kidding me? America is very much a class society, granted a fluid one but a class society nontheless.
Kennedys? Hello? Where have you been the past 40 years?     Are you kidding me? America is very much a class society, granted a fluid one but a class society nontheless.  Fluid my arse. Social mobility is lower in the US than in any other western nation.
emoticon_xdonno The Kennedy's are lowlife scumbags who treat this Country like their own personal junkyard. They're not respected or honored as anything more than spoiled rotten rich brats who use and abuse those around them. If I was one I would change my name and disown my heritage.   And anyone here can lift themselves out of poverty and raise their station in life. It just takes work and a good idea. That isn't a Class System culture as still exists throughout Europe and Asia.  What planet are you on? "throughout europe and asia"? The only country in Europe that still has a noticable class system is the UK, and the effect of that is more economic than social. The US and UK have the lowest social mobility, with the US being the lowest. Scandinavian countries have the highest. In short, if your dad is a dustman, there's far more chance of you becoming a doctor in Sweden than there is in the US. Poverty is far more persistent in the US than in continental Europe.
Fluid my arse. Social mobility is lower in the US than in any other western nation.  You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.
emoticon_xdonno The Kennedy's are lowlife scumbags who treat this Country like their own personal junkyard.  Sure they have. *cough*   That isn't a Class System culture as still exists throughout Europe and Asia.  Yes it is. The US is still a very class structured society. Society looks down at the 'untouchables' of the nation. The janitors, the menial workers, those who are making poverty level wages. We idolize those who are fabulously wealthy. Granted the two CAN exchanges places, but that doesn't mean the class system doesn't exist. It is just fluid.
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.  Most countries have lotteries. You shoudl flip those tickets over and see what the odds of winning are. This is one of the weakest arguments I have very seen you make.   Jo Bennet is wrong, though. The US still has the lowest upward social mobility on the planet, but we have the largest downward social mobility. The middle class is becoming the working poor.   There are NO western nations where sombody making poverty wages routinely moves in next to the rich and famous...unless they are moving into the servants quarters. The odds are good (94%) that you will make less in constant dollars than your parents in your lifetime if you are middle class. You may even be able to buy more stuff then them, due to massively increased credit expansion in the last 30 years, but at the end of your life, you will probably have made less money in constant dollars.   The idea that there is no class sytem in the US is idiotic to say the least. We have a president whose only qualification is that his last name is Bush.   You know I could run for governor, but I'm basically a media creation. I've never done anything. I've worked for my dad. I worked in the oil business. But that's not the kind of profile you have to have to get elected to public office.  -- Dubya in 1989
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class. I hope to god you're being facetious here.
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.  Y'know, the UK has a lottery too. Lotteries are actually a way in which money is transferred from the poor to the rich. My basis for saying US social mobility is low is the evidence: http://www.suttontrust.com/reports/IntergenerationalMobility.pdf daewoos point is rather irrelevant as the measures are based on quartiles, not on absolute measures of wealth.
Most countries have lotteries. You shoudl flip those tickets over and see what the odds of winning are. This is one of the weakest arguments I have very seen you make.  Okay, I have one. It had to come sometime.   There are NO western nations where sombody making poverty wages routinely moves in next to the rich and famous...unless they are moving into the servants quarters. The odds are good (94%) that you will make less in constant dollars than your parents in your lifetime if you are middle class. You may even be able to buy more stuff then them, due to massively increased credit expansion in the last 30 years, but at the end of your life, you will probably have made less money in constant dollars.  The idea that working harder will move you up is a joke. One has to be brilliant, have a solid idea for a market service or product and be able to get funding. Hard work doesn't cut anything these days (unless you're a nurse). However, there is social upward mobility for those who can meet the requirments of genius, luck and good ideas. In a true class system one could have all of those and be stuck in the class they were born into. My great grand father was a immigrant who worked on a farm who put all of his money into his children's education. My grandfather was one of the few to go to college and he then spent all of his money on my father and his sibling's education. Now I and my family are currently paying the AMT emoticon_xgood . Social mobility exists.   The idea that there is no class sytem in the US is idiotic to say the least. We have a president whose only qualification is that his last name is Bush.  Far more a meritocracy we are. Plutocracy yes though.
The idea that working harder will move you up is a joke. One has to be brilliant, have a solid idea for a market service or product and be able to get funding. Hard work doesn't cut anything these days (unless you're a nurse). However, there is social upward mobility for those who can meet the requirments of genius, luck and good ideas. In a true class system one could have all of those and be stuck in the class they were born into. My great grand father was a immigrant who worked on a farm who put all of his money into his children's education. My grandfather was one of the few to go to college and he then spent all of his money on my father and his sibling's education. Now I and my family are currently paying the AMT emoticon_xgood . Social mobility exists.   Today, if you have genius, luck, and good ideas, what will almost certainly happen is this:  You develop new product You produce and distribute new product Giant mega corporation finds that they own base patent for the concept behind that product You get used You spend everything you have defending yourself You run out of money You loose case. Giant corporation takes your product and remarkets it.   It used to be that we patented "things". Now we patent concepts, which pretty much closes down the whole "innovation" thing for individuals. I have a pretty good example of this. A guy I went to college with came to me a while back with an invention. It was a set top media center (played Mp3s, AVI's, MPEGS, etc.. as well as having DVR capability and several other really cool features). He wanted help developing it for market. After a little research, we found that TIVO owns the concept of a set top DVR, and they refuse to license it in quantities that an upstart development could use. They just finished suing DishNetwork for infringing on their conceptual patent.   SO, the guy has the genius, he has the luck, he has the idea. There is no doubt in my mind that he could have sold several million of his units. Unfortunatly even our patent system is set up now (I don't think it was originally) so only the wealthy and the mega corporations can derive any benifit from it.
Today, if you have genius, luck, and good ideas, what will almost certainly happen is this:  You develop new product You produce and distribute new product Giant mega corporation finds that they own base patent for the concept behind that product You get used You spend everything you have defending yourself You run out of money You loose case. Giant corporation takes your product and remarkets it.   It used to be that we patented "things". Now we patent concepts, which pretty much closes down the whole "innovation" thing for individuals. I have a pretty good example of this. A guy I went to college with came to me a while back with an invention. It was a set top media center (played Mp3s, AVI's, MPEGS, etc.. as well as having DVR capability and several other really cool features). He wanted help developing it for market. After a little research, we found that TIVO owns the concept of a set top DVR, and they refuse to license it in quantities that an upstart development could use. They just finished suing DishNetwork for infringing on their conceptual patent.   SO, the guy has the genius, he has the luck, he has the idea. There is no doubt in my mind that he could have sold several million of his units. Unfortunatly even our patent system is set up now (I don't think it was originally) so only the wealthy and the mega corporations can derive any benifit from it.  Amazon tried (or may have) to patent the idea of "checking out" for an online store. In theory broad ideas like this shouldn't have patents but we gotta have a-holes out there that do this kinda stuff
Amazon tried (or may have) to patent the idea of "checking out" for an online store. In theory broad ideas like this shouldn't have patents but we gotta have a-holes out there that do this kinda stuff  IIRC they DID manage to patent it, but Wal Mart went to court with them and got it reversed.   The problem is that the patent office will grant you a patent for damn near anything. Then it is up to you to defend it. if you are Amazon, or Google, or Wal Mart, or TiVO, you file for whatever you want and know that you can afford to screw anybody who infringes on your insanely overbroad conceptual patent. If you are not a huge multimillion dollar corporate interest, those who have the current insanely overbroad patents just keep you in court until you are broke, then kindly offer to drop their lawsuit and not seek damages if you just sign your patent over to them. People do it because by that point they realize that they can no longer afford to mount a defense, so the alternative is to loose the case, and have not only been wiped out but OWE damages.  This is how we were going to fund the US into the 21st century. We were going to patent everything on the planet with these insanely overborad conceptual patents and then force international companies to honor them. Instead the Chinese, Koreans, indians, and to some extent the Europeans looked at these insanely broad conceptual patents and said "screw that". They simply ignore them. Unfortunatly here in the US we don't have that luxury.
IIRC they DID manage to patent it, but Wal Mart went to court with them and got it reversed.   The problem is that the patent office will grant you a patent for damn near anything. Then it is up to you to defend it. if you are Amazon, or Google, or Wal Mart, or TiVO, you file for whatever you want and know that you can afford to screw anybody who infringes on your insanely overbroad conceptual patent. If you are not a huge multimillion dollar corporate interest, those who have the current insanely overbroad patents just keep you in court until you are broke, then kindly offer to drop their lawsuit and not seek damages if you just sign your patent over to them. People do it because by that point they realize that they can no longer afford to mount a defense, so the alternative is to loose the case, and have not only been wiped out but OWE damages.  This is how we were going to fund the US into the 21st century. We were going to patent everything on the planet with these insanely overborad conceptual patents and then force international companies to honor them. Instead the Chinese, Koreans, indians, and to some extent the Europeans looked at these insanely broad conceptual patents and said "screw that". They simply ignore them. Unfortunatly here in the US we don't have that luxury.  Its a fine line though. China already ignores many of the copyright and patent laws we have. The problem with this is that it limits creative thinking because no one wants to take the time if someone will steal it. But now you can't think of anything new because someone already might have covered it barely. It is like an extreme opposite.   Perhaps they should start a requirement of of exact use of the patented item along with 1-2 yrs to start selling or anyone can use it.   How the amazon patent made it is beyond me. Thats like trying to patent walking.
due to the unexpected levels of cooling caused by aerosol sprays, which reflect heat from the sun.This is from an article I read on it...so if we just get a bunch of aerosol spray cans we can combat any warming emoticon_xgood
:) Yes it is. Understanding what is coming and why is a wonderful thing. The bible is like having access to tomorrows news today. People have been saying that for the last 2000 years. Religious doomsayers are IMO as credible as the Bush administration.
People have been saying that for the last 2000 years. Religious doomsayers are IMO as credible as the Bush administration.  Now now, don't be THAT harsh on the Bush administration. Even they are a tiny bit more credible than the religious doomsayers. ;)
What do you mean continue to increase? Earthquakes and volcanoe eruptions have steadily declined for billions of years, the only reason they may seem like they are becoming more common is because an earthquake in indonesia that kills 20 people actually makes the news now, unlike 30 years ago.  Very true. Just look at all of the flood basalts around the world like the Deccan traps and the Columbia flood basalt, and look at the evidence for megatsunamis and impacts with comets or asteroids (Chicxulub). Things were much more violent in the past. And to add to reasons it seems more common - besides things like that making the news now, there are also several billion more people on the earth, so if something like an earthquke does happen, it hurts a lot more people and destroys a lot more homes (same thing with viruses like Ebola - humans are encroaching on areas they have not been before, and when they encounter new diseases like that they tend to think that "everything is getting worse and happening faster")
Turns out, scientists just found out that over the last 3-4 decades (the term of the Earth's warming since its last cooling) both the Earth and Mars have risen in average temperature 1/2 degrees celcius. Only difference is there are no human carbon emissions on Mars. This is further evidence that leads me to believe that human's impact on global warming is not near as significant as the environmentalist movement harps on and the sun actually has more to do with warming than we do. Anyone's thoughts?  Earth certainly goes through cycles of massive climate change without any human intervention. Question is whether or not human emissions have hastened/added to this
both sides are just pure speculation.
we'd better start shipping bags of ice to the other planets.
This is cool. umgd
There is definitely a controversy between whether or not Global Warming is happening or not. I know that where I live, the year-round temperature is actually getting colder! Anyway, even if Global Warming was a proven fact, nothing should change. We should still be trying to create as little pollution as possible, right? So, what does it matter?
Weather the earth warms or cools there is not much difference in what it would do to our infrastructure.  Climate change could happen faster then our technology and money could compensate for.  The earth&#8217;s climate is changing constantly even without the help of our civilization.  It was called the ice age and glaciers covered a big chunk of North America.  The study of climate change is important.  Even though it contradicts it self it&#8217;s still something we should be keeping a close watch on.
Thing is, we know that heightened CO2 levels cause warming, it's a matter of basic physics. We know that CO2 levels have increased massively in recent years, now around 35% above the long term average. We know that the increase is a result of human activity. The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase will be caused in the future.  The latest estimate that I heard was : If we institute all of the Cap and Trade provisions in Waxman-Markey, we'll decrease the mean temp by 0.05F by 2050 at a cost of $Trillions.
we know you are a troll.  He's a troll because he's in OZ? Oh wait, aren't YOU in OZ, too? ;)
There is no overriding government interest in climate change that I can see. It would be an awful lot easier in both Britain and the US to rely on coal. Britain has coal for 300 years or more (and considerable marginal oil shales in places like North Somerset), I could see an argument for a tory government 20 years ago not wanting coal from a political point of view, but any government today would rather do without the headache of nimbyism over wind turbines and nuclear power. I don't see an interest for the government in higher energy prices either. Either politicians have genuine concerns about climate change, or they are responding to public concerns about climate change for electoral expediency.   I disagree. There is a huge windfall to be gained by our government (US) in the form of Cap and Trade. Selling CO2 credits is like selling the "ether" that fills the universe. It is a license to print money and our liberal government sees that with crystal clarity.  Additionally, pumping 10's of billion of taxpayer dollars into renewable energy projects creates jobs and keeps politicians in office.  So, it is imperative that Obama and crew sell the idea of AGW to the gullable public in order for him to finance his liberal programs.  I agree that the short term impact of energy saving measures will be cancelled out by growth in China and India, but in 10 years time we need to be able to go to India and China and say, "look, we know it wouldn't be fair to ask you to not develop in order to save the world from the mess we made, but we've cut our contribution as much as possible, here's the tech we've used now can you agree to use this in future and develop more sustainably?" There's already signs of this happening with India asking for development money for a massive photo-voltaic solar plant.   Are you serious? You expect China to curtail its growth in order to "save the world"? That's a lot to ask of a country that has almost zero regard for the environment now.   As for fusion, I don't know enough detail the make a judgement of my own, but I understand that cold fusion is impossible as far as our current knowledge of physics goes, and hot fusion will need to be on a massive scale to produce rather than consume energy, because containing plasma is hugely energy consuming.  I doubt that we'll see a fusion reactor in our lifetime. It would require huge advances in magnetic containment and solving a host of other extreme temperature issues. Breeder reactors seems to be the ticket. You make energy and fuel at the same time. It's a win-win proposition.
The government already has a licence to print money, it doesn't need another one. Besides, if the government raises revenue from CO2 credits instead of other taxation, all it does it alter the tax base. If the government needs more revenue then it's not a bad way of getting it. Governments don't raise taxes to spend on swimming pools and hookers (actually may be they do in the US, the way bills get through congress I wouldn't be surprised to find a "Company for lonely Congressmen" rider attached to the climate change bill) they spend it on infrastructure and helping people (and blowing things up of course).  Most government-run spending programs are inefficient - downright ridiculous. If you think solar and windpower are viable alternatives to our current/future energy needs, you need to lay off the crack pipe. The shear acreage needed for wind and solar farms will requires many states to be covered wall-to-wall with such monstrosities. And never mind that you would have to build in a large overcapacity and include energy storage farms to handle the inherent randomness of wind/sunshine.   Sorry, renewable energy is going to create jobs and so you think this is a bad thing?!  I think any artificially created make-work job is a bad thing. If it makes fiscal sense, the private industry would fund it itself.  That's not what I said, I said we can't expect carbon cuts from China until we can offer them the technology to continue to grow and cut carbon at the same time. It's outrageous for us to expect them to keep their people in poverty before we put a brake on our wasteful lifestyles.  China has no interest in becoming PC. They have sewn up Russian oil with long-term deals and made several other long-term commitments to fossil fuels. And, IMO, they aren't as gullable as The West is.
You're vastly exaggerating the space required for solar. Wind is part of the solution, but so are wave, tidal, biomass and others. Solar hot water heating is very efficient and cost effective, for example, and would drastically cut gas and electricity use. Using reflectors to focus sunlight onto water to drive turbines and generate electricity also has a lot of promise. The other key thing is that energy consumption needs to be cut, insulation, heat exchange systems, better build quality will all make a big dent in energy consumption, before we get on to actual lifestyle changes, like fuel efficient vehicles and public transport.  Solar heating of water is already in widespread use in those areas that actually get regular sunlight. I saw many examples of it while in Hawaii, for example. For the rest of us though, especially those of you in foggy England, solar isn't a viable answer.  Additionally, there needs to be a back-up system for when the sun isn't shining...like at night, which occurs on a regular basis. ;)  And as for the land requirements needed for solar farms, I'll dig up the number of thousands of square miles needed based on a study that I read when I get a chance to.  On edit:  The largest solar farm will be 80MW peak and occupy 640 acres - 1 square mile. The US electricity consumption for 2005 was 3,816,000,000 MWh. Assuming 365 days of sunlight at peak output for 12 hours/day, you'd still need 11890 square miles of solar panels to meet US' 2005 demand. Now, if we convert to electic automobiles, we'll need to start building our houses on pontoons in the ocean because there won't be enough land left for houses. ;)  Check my math though, I'm doing this while working.
You're vastly exaggerating the space required for solar. Wind is part of the solution, but so are wave, tidal, biomass and others. Solar hot water heating is very efficient and cost effective, for example, and would drastically cut gas and electricity use. Using reflectors to focus sunlight onto water to drive turbines and generate electricity also has a lot of promise. The other key thing is that energy consumption needs to be cut, insulation, heat exchange systems, better build quality will all make a big dent in energy consumption, before we get on to actual lifestyle changes, like fuel efficient vehicles and public transport.  No, he really isn't. Solar and wind require monstrous amounts of land to be feasible.  A 1,000 megawatt facility would require over enormous amounts of land for solar, and even greater for wind.  The NERC is projecting that by 2017, energy consumption in merely the US will be 925GW for summer and 756 GW for winter.  That's "G" as in GIGA.
Does private gun ownership deter crime ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/gun_crime_deterrence.HTM
If it does deter crime then we would see some sort of correlation between high gun ownership and low crime.  Murders Per Capita http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_percap-crime-murders-per-capita  It is very hard to find decent stats on this, mainly because the way Governments collect data.   I would say factors like poverty are more likely to be a factor in high crime rate than gun ownership.
"Professors James D. Wright and Peter Rossi surveyed 2,000 felons incarcerated in state prisons across the United States. Wright and Rossi reported that 34% of the felons said they personally had been "scared off, shot at, wounded, or captured by an armed victim"; 69% said that they knew at least one other criminal who had also; 34% said that when thinking about committing a crime they either "often" or "regularly" worried that they "[m]ight get shot at by the victim"; and 57% agreed with the statement, "Most criminals are more worried about meeting an armed victim than they are about running into the police."   Armed and Considered Dangerous: A Survey of Felons and Their Firearms (1986). See Guns and Public Health: Epidemic of Violence or Pandemic of Propaganda? by Don B. Kates, et. al. Originally published as 61 Tenn. L. Rev. 513-596 (1994). And then, OTOH, those who use a firearm to defend themselves are the least likely group to sustain injuries in an incident. They were even less likely to be injured than those who offered no resistance.  "At a minimum, victims use guns to attack or threaten the perpetrators in . . . about 70,000 times per year--according to NCVS data for recent years. These victims were less likely to report being injured than those who either defended themselves by other means or took no self-protective measures at all. Thus, while 33 percent of all surviving robbery victims were injured, only 25 percent of those who offered no resistance and 17 percent of those who defended themselves with guns were injured. For surviving assault victims, the corresponding injury rates were, respectively, 30 percent, 27 percent, and 12 percent."   USDoJ, National Institute of Justice - Firearms and Violence, Jeffrey A. Roth 
What percentages of the non-survivors did or did not use guns?
  I don 't really care what you think and as i future law enforcement officer, i am glad that the supreme court will rule in favor of the d.c gun ban in a few months.  The lower court decision in Heller striking down the DC gun ban is going to be upheld. I expect the decision will be 9 - 0 to uphold the lower court's decision but I also expect Breyer, Stevens and Souter to only concur in part and write a separate opinion explaining differences based on political and sociological positions. There is going to be an agreement on the fundamental constitutional principle of federal protection of an individual right but their argument will be "times have changed' so we must apply an "evolved" basis of scrutiny. I don't think they will argue an evolving "living" constitution, that the "meaning" of the Constitution has changed, just that our legal, enforceable adherence to those fundamental principles must yield to modern pressures. (Which of course is BS but they're liberals so we need to give them a break)  After that decision comes down you will need to completely revamp your entire position on how to deal with armed violent criminals. You will need to begin blaming and focusing on armed violent criminals as the cause of violent crime instead of focusing on restricting the rights of the law-abiding.   I realize as a current student in an American institution of higher learning infested with leftist professors this might come as a shock to you . . .   Oh well . . .
Thats a well constructed paragraph. Im proud of you.  Why thank you for the compliment; I know it is a shock that a gun rights supporter can communicate on a level above that of sitting in their own excrement clicking two rocks together.  Thats your opinion as to what will happen. I don't agree.  Are you aware the Court has framed the specific question that it wants to hear argued?   Have you read the briefs?  Did you know 31 states have filed in support of Heller? That's almost enough for a Con-Con!  Did you know 55 Senators (plus the VP) and 250 Representatives have filed in support of Heller? (306 total vs. 18 House members filing for DC emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xclown )  If DC comes in pontificating about gun crime or how DC residents want the ban or other arguments not related to the direct constitutional questions presented, the Court will cut and dice the DC attorneys.  The supreme court has ruled in favor of the second amendment being a collective right in United States vs. Miller, Presser v. Illinios, but most notably in United States v. Warren.   The "collective" theory is dead and has never had any life breathed into it by SCOTUS. It is an illegitimate creation of the lower federal courts that only infests their decisions.   The theory was incorrect and illegitimate by SCOTUS precedent when it was first penned in 1942 and is even more wrong today after PRINTZ v UNITED STATES. The 2nd Amendment has never been inspected for illumination of any militia power, federal or state. More importantly, it has never been claimed by any state as an immunity from federal preemption of state militia powers; which is inexplicable if the Amendment had the action the "state's right" or "collective right" supporters claim. Warin is one of those Circuit court decisions of which I speak, NOT A SCOTUS DECISION.  There is a collective determination in Presser?? That's a hoot! Presser makes it clear that the scope and action of the 2nd Amendment does not speak at all to the states and their militia regulation power. If it did, the Court would have applied the Amendment's scope and restriction on the federal government's "overreaching" in deciding an issue of purely state militia power, not the state militia law requiring a permit for an armed march by private citizens.   If the 2nd had the action you claim, SCOTUS could not have heard Presser!  It is clear SCOTUS believes the scope and action of the right protected by the 2nd Amendment is applied to and protects exclusively "all citizens capable of bearing arms" who "undoubtedly" are "the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the states," and that, "the states cannot, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view, prohibit the people from keeping and bearing arms,". . .   The citizen's right to arms is secured by two layers of federal protection. First, explicitly by the 2nd Amendment and second, simply by the nature of our Constitution and the form of government it establishes. The promise that the Constitution shall forever provide a republican form of government grants the federal government an inferred power to keep that promise . . . To bind a state from acting in an un-republican manner, such as "prohibit[ing] the people from keeping and bearing arms,. . ."   Surely the same principle applies to DC, even laying the constitutional provision in question out of view. emoticon_smile emoticon_xgood emoticon_smile   DC v Heller can be decided without any reference to the 2nd Amendment because all the 2nd Amendment does is redundantly forbid the federal government to exercise powers that it does not possess.  I don't believe I have many leftist professors. I personally have been pounded into fully researching both sides of the arguement and understanding bais  Your position belies any claimed full examination of the evidence because your position is unsupportable after a full examination of the evidence.  But you are entitled to your opinion of my education if you want  Oh my, thank you so very much.  My opinion remains unchanged.
(Note that one of the "writings of approved commentators" cited by the Court was former Justice Joseph Story's work in which he claimed that the right to keep and bear arms "has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of a republic." 3 J. Story, Commentaries  1890, p. 746 (1833))  And people also forget that another work cited by the Miller Court as an "approved commentator" on this issue was Thomas Cooley's Principles of Constitutional Law. redsoxlvr13 would do himself a favor if he fully examines what the Miller Court endorsed as the meaning of the 2nd Amendment: [*]"It may be supposed from the phraseology of this provision that the right to keep and bear arms was only guaranteed to the militia; but this would be an interpretation not warranted by the intent. The militia, as has been elsewhere explained, consists of those persons who, under the law, are liable to the performance of military duty, and are officered and enrolled for service when called upon. But the law may make provision for the enrolment of all who are fit to perform military duty, or of a small number only, or it may wholly omit to make any provision at all; and if the right were limited to those enrolled, the purpose of this guaranty might be defeated altogether by the action or neglect to act of the government it was meant to hold in check. The meaning of the provision undoubtedly is, that the people, from whom the militia must be taken, shall have the right to keep and bear arms, and they need no permission or regulation of law for the purpose." It's interesting how the anti-rights side never mentions Cooley or Story or Tucker or Rawle but professes to have undergone a complete examination of the principles behind the 2nd Amendment . . .
Weve heard what the gun nuts have to say about the  second amendment and miller. Lets see what the courts have to say because they are a better authority than the gun nuts.  <SNIP<  So the fact is that if you dont belong to a government militia you dont have a right to have guns.  First things first, those lower federal court decisions do not direct the decisions of the Supreme Court. In actuality these lower court decisions all dismiss Miller's holding and substitute (actually create) their own reasoning for the denial of an individual's claim of 2nd Amendment protection (even though most cite Miller).  The American Bar Association has a great page with links to every 2ndA case. They are .pdf files but not that big. The page is HERE  These often cited lower court decisions are like a group of decrepit winos each leaning on the other for support. When all of them are standing together screaming in unison it seems to be an invincible wall of noise; but if you were to take one aside for examination there is only incoherence and illogical babbling. If you are so inclined we could examine each of your winos and scrutinize their gibberish.  Let's start with Cases v US, the very first 2ndA federal case after US v Miller. Those lower court decisions dismissing the individual right begin in 1942 with the 1st circuit's Cases decision. Cases recognizes and fully and correctly explains Miller's holding but dismisses it as "outdated" and ignores its determinations and direction. After quoting Miller's "In the absence of evidence" paragraph the Cases court says: [*]"Apparently, then, under the Second Amendment, the federal government can limit the keeping and bearing of arms by a single individual as well as by a group of individuals, but it cannot prohibit the possession or use of any weapon which has any reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia. However, we do not feel that the Supreme Court in this case was attempting to formulate a general rule applicable to all cases. The rule which it laid down was adequate to dispose of the case before it and that we think was as far as the Supreme Court intended to go. At any rate the rule of the Miller case, if intended to be comprehensive and complete would seem to be already outdated, in spite of the fact that it was formulated only three and a half years ago, because of the well know fact that in the so called 'Commando Units' some sort of military use seems to have been found for almost any modern lethal weapon." So, Cases recognizes Miller speaks only of the weapon and whether it has useful military application and thus 2nd Amendment protection. Cases decides if that is the Miller "rule," then it is "already outdated" because the shotgun Miller said was not, "any part of the ordinary military equipment" could, just 3-1/2 years later, be proved so.   This court offers no reason how or why Supreme Court decisions on constitutional principle are subject to being declared "outdated" or how a lower court is to legitimately decide when that occurs or how far that lower court can diverge from a SCOTUS decision because it is "outdated." Cases v US continues: [*]"In view of this, if the rule of the Miller case is general and complete, the result would follow that, under present day conditions, the federal government would be empowered only to regulate the possession or use of weapons such as a flintlock musket or a matchlock harquebus. But to hold that the Second Amendment limits the federal government to regulations concerning only weapons which can be classed as antiques or curiosities,-- almost any other might bear some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia unit of the present day,-- is in effect to hold that the limitation of the Second Amendment is absolute." So the Cases court recognizes that if the 2nd's protection grows and expands with technology the federal government would only have the ability of regulating those arms that have been superceded by the new "in common use at the time" arms. This court now realizes just about any gun is immune from federal controls at this point and it reluctantly but unequivocally says . . .  [*]"Another objection to the rule of the Miller case as a full and general statement is that according to it Congress would be prevented by the Second Amendment from regulating the possession or use by private persons not present or prospective members of any military unit, of distinctly military arms, such as machine guns, trench mortars, anti-tank or anti-aircraft guns, even though under the circumstances surrounding such possession or use it would be inconceivable that a private person could have any legitimate reason for having such a weapon. It seems to us unlikely that the framers of the Amendment intended any such result." And there is the nitty gritty unavoidable, undeniable bottom line of the "meaning" of US v Miller. The court expresses how uncomfortable they are with what they imagine to be the inevitable societal implications of the Miller rule being applicable at their present time. But now the judges were faced with a dilemma. The binding precedent could afford them no comfort, the law was a bed of nails. This realization forced them to turn to their only solace, the only place where judges can mold and create what they want to decide like putty, . . . the facts of the case before them. It was time to make some lemonade. [*]"We therefore turn to the record in the case at bar. From it it appears that on or about August 27, 1941, the appellant received into his possession and carried away ten rounds of ammunition, and that on the evening of August 30 of the same year he went to Annadale's Beach Club on Isla Verde in the municipality of Carolina, Puerto Rico, equipped with a .38 caliber Colt type revolver of Spanish make which, when some one turned out the lights, he used, apparently not wholly without effect, upon another patron of the place who in some way seems to have incurred his displeasure. While the weapon may be capable of military use, or while at least familiarity with it might be regarded as of value in training a person to use a comparable weapon of military type and caliber, still there is no evidence that the appellant was or ever had been a member of any military organization or that his use of the weapon under the circumstances disclosed was in preparation for a military career. In fact, the only inference possible is that the appellant at the time charged in the indictment was in possession of, transporting, [FN3] and using the firearm and ammunition purely and simply on a frolic of his own and without any thought or intention of contributing to the efficiency of the well regulated militia which the Second Amendment was designed to foster as necessary to the security of a free state. We are of the view that, as applied to the appellant, the Federal Firearms Act does not conflict with the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States."  Let's review for a moment . . . The Cases court thus far opined that they don't feel Miller created any hard and fast rule to be used by the courts but IF they did, that rule is outdated because almost all guns would be immune from federal oversight. Then they opine on what the founders intent was in securing the citizen's right to arms, of course without one quote or citation. Now they make the incredible leap of stipulating the state of mind of the person claiming a 2nd Amendment right as a condition for protection. The Cases court changed the rules, they required that the person, as a prerequisite to maintaining a Second Amendment claim, have as his intent in using the firearm, essentially his paramount concern, the maintenance and preservation of the militia! If the gun isn't used by the military, its use is only protected if that use is "in preparation for a military career."   The obvious explanation for the Cases decision is the court felt that, as a matter of public policy, any meaningful limitation upon the government's power to restrict private ownership of firearms was unacceptable. The court felt the need to sustain the status quo and decided the case accordingly, opining that the framers of the Second Amendment did not intend it to present an impediment to the government in this regard. That is I feel, the ultimate insult to the framers and the First Circuit.  This case was not decided on the law or precedent or the intent of the framers. It was decided for political reasons, none of which had as their concern, adherence to the Constitution, endurance of the founding principles or the continuation of this Republic.  So, if you (or anyone else) is game for a case by case examination feel fee to rebut my analysis of Cases v US and then read the next case, (a real doozy), but the genesis of the "state's right" theory in the federal courts, US v Tot.  Awaiting your reply . . .
I'm talking about a different historian than the one you remember. Here's a quote from an article by Cornell:  <SNIP<  Cornell is a man on an island of ever decreasing population. His theories have been under constant and foundational evolution as the state / collective "right" theory has had the flesh flayed from it.   Any author that must be so self-referential (5 cites in 14 footnotes) has serious problems with substantiating his claims. In the article you quote from Cornell he chooses as his primary target for rebuttal a guy's dissertation that has never been submitted for publication and is not publicly available in any law review archive.  His use of Tucker is amusing at best drawing an illogical conclusion from a rhetorical argument Tucker made as a law professor.   Tucker isn't saying that there is no individual RKBA just that if a state were to choose to arm its citizens that would not be a dangerous thing nor violative of Art I, 8 federal powers. In fact, to consider it dangerous (because those arms could be used against the federal government) would be to belie the fundamental principles of freedom in America . . . Why would putting arms in the hands of citizens be argued as dangerous, after all, Congress had the wisdom of ratifying the 2nd Amendment which secured the right of the citizens to keep and bear arms just for that purpose! Cornell misses the actual topic of the discussion, putting arms in the citizen's hands and argues for the opposite. F'n amazing!  His analysis of Aymette is suspect also . . . I note he does not quote page 158 from Aymette that is usually cited in gun rights cases (i.e., Miller) but chooses a later passage from page 159 that, without the context of the theory laid out two paragraphs before, is subject to the massaging Cornell exercises. On 158 we find; [*]"As the object for which the right to keep and bear arms is secured, is of general and public nature, to be exercised by the people in a body, for their common defence, so the arms, the right to keep which is secured, are such as are usually employed in civilized warfare, and that constitute the ordinary military equipment. If the citizens have these arms in their hands, they are prepared in the best possible manner to repel any encroachments upon their rights by those in authority." That passage holds the key to where anti-gunrights people go off the rails. They are taking Aymette's (and Miller's) simple explanation of the "object" of the amendment and applying it to the pre-existing individual right merely recognized and secured by the amendment. Re-read the last sentence of the quote above . . . Wouldn't an act of government declaring that only a select, approved class of gun bearers shall exercise the right to keep and bear arms be exactly the type of illegitimate governmental action the citizens should repel?  "The object for which the right . . . is secured" does not in any way permit the thought that the provision creates the right or that such reasoning limits the right. No power was ever granted to government to impact the private arms of the citizen so none exists to do so.  All of the individual right extinguishing theories must violate that fundamental tenet; the mindset must be that the right flows from government and the 2nd is merely a permission slip.  That premise is wrong because all the 2nd Amendment does is redundantly forbid the federal government to exercise powers that it does not posses.  Cornell is a hack and so is his lapdog Konig.
I want to see the qualifications on Saul Cornell. I remember one noted historian writing a book about how gun ownership was rare in colonial times and he wound up being exposed as a liar and discredited.  You are talking about Michael Bellesiles work, Gun Laws in Early America: The Regulation of Firearms Ownership, 1607-1794.  The article Galileo quotes and links is full of references and citations to Bellesiles book. That should tell you what you need to know. . .
The Presser v. Illinois case said that the Second Amendment only restricts what Congress can do. So wouldn't that mean that the D.C. Court violated Supreme Court precedent when they said that the handgun ban in D.C. was unconstitutional? The D.C. gun was not a law passed by Congress.  DC City Council is a entity created by Congress and falls completely under the limitations that bind Congress, including the Bill of Rights. Congress can't create a "no constitution here" zone, at least on US soil. Gitmo is another story ;) .  It was Cruikshank that said the 2nd has only one purpose, to bind the federal government. Presser was only quoting Cruikshank.  You got nothing on my post on Cornell??????
What did the Founding Fathers intend with the Second Amendment?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/SECONDAMENDMENT.HTM
Why is it dangerous?
According to current law all male citizens between the ages of (I think it is) 17 and 45 are part of the militia.
Anybody but commies!!emoticon_frazzled
For those who claim that the 2nd Am. protects even the right to have WMDs: surely Saddam Hussein and Kim Yong Il cannot be denied the same right, right?  When used as a threat to the United States, no they don't have that right, squash them and those like them. Pound them into submission becuase if they have the power we have then they would damn sure do the same and if you think they wouldn't you are living in a dream world and really really need to grow up.
Should Background Checks be required at Gun Shows ?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/GUN_SHOW_REGULATIONS.htm
You guys beat me too it, I get the next comment by VOR!
Boy he is so easily mislead, VOR if Sarah Brady released a report that said that the quality of life in China is better than here would you move to China?
where did you hear the ak47 thing? sounds like they are eazy to make
If somebody gives me that damned "That's different, guns are meant for killing but cars are made for traveling" argument, I'm gonna send them to the demolition durby.What's a durby?
voiceofreason,   Please stay on topic of "why gun control won't work"
Good theory, rarely practiced. Personally, I am pretty sure that if they passed a law tommorow banning all guns, the majority of gun owners would be standing in line by 5:00 PM to turn in their guns. There would be some holdouts, but not as many as we would like to think.   Well I say less than half.. Even the spineless canadians are refusing...  http://proliberty.com/observer/20010115.htm   lets say for arguments sake that 50% of the people have guns in the us... Out of that 50% just 1% decide to resist.... How many is that?
Except prostitution isn't even in the same league as murder.
Speak for yourself, dsa. I use a gun for transportation. I sit on a cart and then fire the gun in the opposite direction I want to go.
The right to firearms is provided by God?  lol Nowhere has any "god" commented on guns. The second amendment was written by men.
I give you, from The Federalist, Alexander Hamilton...  Does this sound like he is saying, "the government can dictate to anyone what kind of arms that they can own?"     No, it sounds like he's saying people should be able to have arms so they can be trained to the point where they can be considered a well-regulated militia.
"You should be concered about women who use their bodies illegally and the men who use them." -Kelvin  Yeah, well prostitution should be legalized. This comparison reminds me of two old men with obssessions- Hugh Hefner and Charlton Heston. Which person has benefited society more?  Hefner (the founder of Playboy magazine) increased our first amendment freedoms and therefore society benefited.   Heston of the NRA, on the other hand, probably just helped criminals and wackos gain easier access to guns. To quote Scott Adams:  WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!!???
  Washington D.C. also passed a handgun ban. In 1987 a D.C. court ruled that- Washington, D.C. has by far the highest homicide and crime rates in the United States.
I love push polls... such a valuable way of collecting credible data.
The best way to protect your self is to find a different mode of transportion. You could not get me in a plane now adays. 3 hour wait the airport get frisked like a convict. Eat garbage for food and worry about some shumuck that might kill you. No way. I do not beleve that the goverment has worked out the bugs on planes. God gave me feet not wings. emoticon_xdonno
May I also suggest to firearms owners, to carefully edit from their rhetoric, any mention of them personally owning firearms. Who knows when these forums are being monitored?  What difference would that make? The BATFE (E for explosives, their power grows) already knows you own a firearm if you've ever had a NICS check. They're supposed to destroy the records, but who knows what they do? Might as well let it be known you have some personal experiance in this area. Gives you better grounds for debate than 'Joe Foreigner' who has never owned or possibly even seen a real firearm in person. Being part of the crowd and looking in from the outside make big differences when it comes to understanding.
Sidebar- Charlton Heston is racist XXXXX, and he has no tact going places where kids have just been killed to have pro-gun rallies.   He has no tact holding a required-by-law meeting in a location that was decided upon long before Columbine ?
some treasonous bastards are raping it for thier own political power. previously stated by rev. hellbound  They are not limiting our right to carry guns for their own political power. They do it for the sake of their patients and staff (in the hospital case). Why would you need to carry a gun to a hospital if you have no intent of using it. Why do the police carry guns?
How do you defend yourself? I cast "magic missile." :)
The police carry guns because they are in situations were deadly force may be required to save thier own life.  Right, but I was hoping Johnnis would answer the question.
Number of physicians in the U.S...........................................700,000 Accidental deaths caused by physicians per year...............120,000  Accidental deaths per physician...........................0.171  Number of gun owners in the U.S. ................................ 80,000,000 Number of accidental gun deaths per year (all age groups)......1,500  Accidental deaths per gun owner..................................0.0000188  Therefore, doctors are approximately 9,000 times more dangerous than gun owners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Taken from the Internet.      Should we ban doctors?        i dont believe you
Your post was deleted due to name calling.
I see this entire site is argueing about gun control. I know, that's the post of the thread. However, there are a few other points of the documentary that I would like to question. I posted a thread under government before knowing that "Bowling for Columbine" was also there, and I'm just focusing on a different point.... ANYways. The film wasn't just about guns. It was about the fear of the people. I agree with him. We are afraid of one another. Now is that really necessary? It's one big vicious circle. We are afraid of one another, this causes to brash actions and reactions, and therefore we are even more afraid of each other. The town I live in.. Everyone locks their doors. Well, my dad deliberatley took every single lock out of this house. We have never been robbed. So I just wondering what society is trying to tell us. I'd just like a few more opinions on that.
I guess I'm just wondering why out of all the countries at our level, that ours is the violent one. And I don't mean war, I mean amongst ourselves.
Arm the homeless! ;)
Lol... this is just silly. Just because murder occurs even in countries (and places) where murder is illegal doesn`t make laws prohibiting murders useless emoticon_rolleyes
What exactly is a "gun free zone"?
Gun free zones are zones where law-abiding citizens are forbidden to have guns because law-abiding citizens obey the law about gun free zones. Gun free zones are zones where criminals will have guns because criminals will not obey the laws about gun free zones.  Hehe...the fact that carrying a gun would make you a criminal makes that statement a bit redundant.... But anyhow.  In essance it is a place where it is illegal to carry guns, right?  By using your logic, violence free zones (places where violence is illegal) would be pointless as it:  1: would not prevent individuals from comitting violence. Not even in prison-like conditions can you prevent 100% of the violence (as evidently, people are violent in prisons as well)  2: Violent free zones are zones where law abiding citizens ar forbidden to use violence because law abiding citizens obey the law about violent free zones. Violent free zones are zones where criminals will use violence because criminals will not obey the laws about violent free zones.  Or am I missing something? emoticon_confused
It always seemed a bit odd to me that an 18 yr old kid can jin the military and be given access to cannons, rocket launchers, mortars, machine guns and bombs, but we apparently cannot trust them with a 9mm or to drink a beer.  Odd to say the least.  I'm curious, how much does the military check on the recruits? I mean, do they do background checks and is there any restriction on joining?  I don't understand age limits on alcohol, anyway. I guess drinking to bodyweight maybe, so very young'uns don't kill themselves with alcohol poisoning. Is it really a trust issue?
I'm curious, how much does the military check on the recruits? I mean, do they do background checks and is there any restriction on joining? When I joined up I went through an SC check (the second level of clearance). Not sure what it checked but you fill out a load of forms and after a while they come back and say ok you're in! Of course this is the British military, things might be different in the States.  And of course access in the military to weapons is highly restricted and supervised to a level that would not be possible in civie street.
Requirements to join military......no felonies on record.........high school diploma.......willing to work for next to nothing.  Congratulations, you are in the army! They are considering dropping the high school diploma requirement because they are having trouble filling hteir quotas. They are thinking a GED style entry test instead, or just going off your ADSAP.  Gah. At least they train you to use the weapons correctly, yes?
In general I have a buddy in the army who couldn;t figure out how to load and fire an AK.    Wow... A monkey could figure that out!
Actually, it has some signifcant differences from most US made firearms that would hinder you from firing it without a bit of trail and error or priot knowledge. Take the magazine for instance. Most US firearms utilize a straight insert, detent-retention type. AKs on the other hand but be rocked into position. If you insert it straight, it won't fit/lock. Another is the saftery. The main types here are button, thumb lever and garand-style triggerguard. The AK though requires removal of the hand from the grip and to physically move the dust shielf/saftey downward. It's a big object and takes considerable movement to operate, not something an American accustomed to our firearms would realize off-hands since it's complete away from the grip area and an odd shape. Of course, it shouldn't take you too long to figure these features out if you take the time to look over it.   Actually the m14 had a very similar magazine insert as the Kalishnakovs. 30 seconds of playing around and you would figure that out. As far as the saftey. 1. it is a joke. 2. 30 seconds of flipping the lever up to block the action and 2. flipping it down to free the action would cover that "task". As far as the mechanics of using your hand in that awful way.. well i would regard the ak as no more difficult in making toast.    You would certainly think so. I believe one of the things they took into consideration when designing it was ease of use for a conscript army. HE was at a total loss as far as attaching the magazine (apparently since there is no real mag well) and the safety eluded him.   That is scary. My WUM-1 came with no instructions and it took me 5 minutes to figure the WHOLE thing out including breakdown and reasemmbally
Yup, and that's why they sleep with guns under their pillow because they're tense, jumpy, and paranoid.  Michael Moore's work treads a fine line between documentary journalism and commercial film making. The sensationalist way in which he tackles the subject matter is possibly undermining any social message he is trying to get across.
Yes, the gun control issue is an important one that has to be discussed, I'm just wondering if he's the person that should be doing it. On the plus side his work does reach a large audience, so it brings the matter to people's attention and maybe they will have something more to think about when they vote on local laws etc. But back to the Columbine film it is fragmented, and in some ways it over simplifies things.  That's the double edged sword of this kind of thing, pure documentary would put people to sleep, but without restraint you end up with something that's an alternative to watching a Rolling stones concert on an I Max cinema screen. Moore had an episode of Oprah Winfrey devoted to showcasing the Columbine work. That's fine, but his rantings at award ceremonies and the trailers for his latest film (which have the style of a trailer for something like Charlie Sheen's Hot Shots), that's all something else. It makes it hard for me to take what he shows seriously.
Can't say that I saw it. They wanted us to watch it in college. I said I don't believe in watching lies, and that I wouldn't watch it.   I've heard a lot of things about it. I hear a lot of sheeple say it was good, but they don't have the truth to compare it too. I read a list of supposed facts that he presented in the movie (i keep calling it a movie, because it was as hollywood as Armageddon.)   I should probably note that I am a certified Montana Hunter Safety Instructor, and an avid outdoorsman. I won't send money to the NRA, I don't support any lobbying groups... I'm originally from Montana.... Helena
Maybe some places, but not in America. It would be illegal for our government to simply decide to take away a right.  What? I can't legally drink in America (I'm only 17). I can't legally smoke weed. I can't use a variety of drugs which have been deemed illegal by the government. Those are just a few of the rights which have been taken away by the government. Is this unconstitutional? Is this tyranny? Should we revolt because the government has decided to take away our rights?
I am not familiar with the amendments that mention a drinking age or any drugs at all. Which one specifically mentions weed?  The rights Daewoo is speaking of are spelled out in the Constitution that is what quafiles as a right, not because some one clams it is.  Well actually...  From exactly what legal or historical precedent do you draw this conclusion? The rights laid down in the bill of rights are not gifts from our government, they are official recognition of pre-existing rights.  According to daewoo, the rights are pre-existing, meaning that there is no need for them to be spelled out in the Constitution. The Constitution is only a formal recognition of rights. And also, let me direct you to Amendment IX, which states, "The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people." So the rights don't need to be spelled out by the Constitution since they are pre-existing, according to daewoo. But the examples that I gave in my previous post clearly illustrate that the government can limit our rights.
They are pre-existing. Unfortunatly, the constitution has been interpeted byt our government as meaning that any rights not specifically recognised do not exist. This is the exact opposite of what the constitution says.  So are you saying that the various drug laws are a cause for protest? What can the government do, if not limit rights?
The sole purpose oft he government of the United states of America is to preserve the rights of the citizens. Ther is no other. Every law we have is supposed to be a means to acieving this. For example, murder is against the law because it infringes on the murdered persons rights.  Unfortunatly, the new breed of people who wish for a nanny state is not all that new. It has actually been quite a while since our government focused on its primary function, as opposed to attempting to make measures to safegaurd us from ourselves.  But doesn't a law against murder restrict a person's right to murder? I have a feeling you will reply that rights can only be preserved when they don't restrict other people's rights. So let me respond in case you are thinking along those lines.  Everything affects everything. Sorry, that's all I've got for now. I was really fired up a second ago to explain how every single right infringes on another right, but then I lost all motivation. I do apologize for my complete lack of a useful response. Maybe I'll feel up to it later.
Assault weapons should be banned because there is no need for them. That and if they are stolen by a criminal, well, i think you know what will happen.   Here's my take on gun control and why gun control supporters are dumb and rapid anti-gun controllers are dumb as well.   This is taken from another forum:  What a joke. If you believe that our government will turn tyrannical, you'd be in the liberal party. [In refernces towards guns as defense aganist the government]  Many of those who were extreminated would have been exterminated anyways regardless of if they had guns. [in reference to those who were killed after their guns were taken]  Here is the real reason gun control is dumb.  Gun control restricts firearms from being sold to the masses. While the majority of the population is law abiding, there is always a minority that for socioecomonics, cultural, or mental conditions that turns to crime, and in the process violent crime.   Often many of the violent crimes we hear about, (Fresno anyone? 9 killed by firearms) often involve firearms. Many lead to violent endings. But what the anti-gun party fails to disclose is that many of these firearms were gotten illegally. Also, many criminals are not restricted to simply using firearms in their crimes. Many use knives, large tools, and their own body in crimes.  A fox study (2001 I think), reported that over 2 million crimes were prevented by firearms, and rape is reduced 75% if the woman has a firearm. Now, removing the firearms from citizens ensures that many, with few martial art talents, and even fewer with knife talents will be at the mercy of criminals armed with illegal firearms. Even if we can cut down on illegal weapons, criminals will simply resort to using other weapons, and crime won't go down drastically, on the otherhand, violent crimes will become far more violent. And given the current attitude towards violent crimes, the stastical rate of death penalty cases will ultimtely skyrocket. Of course, every rational person understands that increased death penalty cases and killings results in less money for social services, services which often stop people from going down the path of violent crimes. Without these services, muders will skyrocket and we will be caught in a endless vicious cycle.   But beyond the penalty's relation to gun control, disarming citizens will result in a uneven balance between criminals and law abiding citizens
Are you sure you even read the post? I think you just assumed it was pro-gun control and went off from there.   Gun ownwership is a right and that is not debateable.  I do remember saying supporters of gun control are dumb.    So then all your reasons above for gun control?  Um, considering much of the post was infavor of the anti-gun control side, there are only two reasons for banning assault weapons of high ROF. You don't need a machine gun to go hunting. Nor do you need it for defense. A gat or a shotgun will easily suffice. A assault weapon with high ROF is completely unnecessary. The people who use assault weapons in civilian life are the criminals. Making more avaliable simply ensures more violent rampages. You don't need a assault weapon to stop an assault weapon. A single 9mm to the head will do the job easily.
What exactly are the dire consequnces to having assault weapons out there?  While they do represent a minority, the amount of deaths is substanitially higher then with non-assualt weapons. Not to mention that often far more police are needed, and the situation is far harder to deal with with vastly more danger. Besides, what need is there for assault weapons? It's not like you go hunting duck with a machine gun, well, unless you like swiss duck.   Every government eventually turns tyrannical  But your weapons won't save you from tanks and attack helicopters, not to mention cruise missiles. I'll conced you that point however. However, this can be prolonged.   This must be either a canadian or a brit talking  Nope. Utiliarian American here.    The only thing we can say for sure is that they would have had one hell of a lot better chance if they had been armed, and they would have at least taken some of the bad guys with them.  Point is, they would have been killed either way. The argument presented on this notion is that these weapons will secure our lives aganist a tyrannical government. What a joke, what good will your assualt rifle do when you're facing a 90 ton tank armed with a barrel wider then your body? What good will a USAS do aganist a bomber that's releasing 500 lb bombs from 30,000 feet? No good. There is no argument here. You will die if the government turns tyrannical. They have more weapons, better weapons and more supplies. You can't fight a jet fighter with a AK. The key to preventing tyrannical governments is open government and active citizen participation. When the citizenary can see where the money is going and what's happening, it's hard for the government to go all 1984 on us.   Stopping gun control is to prevent crimes. Not to defend aganist a future tyrants.   As for the forum, www.whistlestopper.com, but it's currently being modded to death. The only people safe from the modding are right wing extremists.
Assault weapon dose NOT = machine gun  True. Assault weapons at the moment don't have a accurate definition. I'm simply going on high rate of fire usually with large caliber rounds. AKA a SAW.  Machine guns are like other collectibles, the people who collect them take care of them, and there right to keep them.  Then you'd have no problem if we made it inoperable then. emoticon_xhoho   Most assault weapons used in crimes are never fired, and when they are, the death toll is generally no higher than whith regular weapons.  And you have proof of this?   An assault weapon is no more dangerous tnah a standard pistol, and in many ways less dangerous, since they lack concealability and maneuverability.  But at the same time pack large rounds with high rates of fire. Explain to me how a gun that can litterally mow down people is less dangerous then a gun that at maximum can kill 15-25 people assuming the shooter has absolultely perfect aim.   Yes, they potentially could. A squad support class machine gun is more than capable of taking down a low flying helicopter if used correctly. That same gun can be used to harass a tank crew and keep their heads down while you get somebody on foot up to the vehicle itself in order to disable it. In addition, machine guns are commonly used to destry reactive armor, so you can take the tank with your garden variety RPG.  Oh boy, a extremist.   Assuming the helicopter doesn't launch missiles at you long before it's in range. That also assumes the pilot isn't straffing you with his multiple machine guns and isn't firing salvos of short range missiles at you. Mighty big assumptions.   As for the tank, that all assumes you aren't simply crushed by the tank, not killed by the main gun, not mowed down by the initial attack, and will actually fire back at a fully automatic machine gun that's pointed at you. Besides, work is being down to control the machine gun from below. They already have it on Hummers.   Are you actually supporting owning weapons designed for war as a civilian? Remind me not to live by you.   Take a look at the Afghanis strategy against the soviets  Irrevelant to gun control. It only worked because we supplied them top of the line military grade weapons.   Exactly how can a machine gun take out a plane that is not only flying at MACH 2, but is several thousand feet above you?  Then why are we recommending a political party that does not exist?  Who said anything but recommending?   Tyranny has been resisted sucessfully many times throughout history.  Often with the support of a foreign power.   And how are you suppose to take out a 90 ton tank that has infantry and air support?   As for the bomber, if they considered you a threat, and if they were tyrannical, odds are, it's carpet bombing time. We didn't do that in Iraq for OBVIOUS reasons. Your point is only valid if the government is trying to keep collateral damage down and wants to keep the populace in its favor. A tyrannical govenment doesn't care either.   Then you had better get some guns, because less than half the federal budget is available for direct public scrutiny.  True, but we still have some rational, fiscal conseravatives in power. Not many, defintitely not in the whitehouse, but they are still there. However, we do know where 60% of the money is going. It's mandated by law. Simply go look it up. it's not like 80% was going into black ops. That would be scary and justification to own pretty much anything.
Most assault weapons fire a smll round. The M-16 fires a .223!  But the speed at which the projectile leaves the barrel is astounding.   Has it occured to you that the reason the number of "assault weapon" crimes is low is because there are strict laws prohibiting them yet the laws for hand guns, the weapon on choice, are much looser?   The rest of the argument is irrevelant. The government will kill you should it turn tyrannical. Your arms, short a tac nuke, won't save you. Therefore the argument that your weapons will defend you aganist a tyrannical government is moot. If they have to, they will carpet bomb you. Nothing short of a full defense network of SAMs armed with stealth detectors will save you then.  Does the army run around with just 9mm in Iraq vs insurgent assault weapons?  Last time I checked, the average mugging and house theft didn't involve RPGs, AKs, and IDFs. Attempting to make a comparsion between civilian life and a war torn sitaution highlights your lack of logic.   Who says that all I need is a 9mm  A good marksman. Wrist, knee caps. It's over, that's if you want them alive. Of course, a single headshot with two to the heart will stop anyone without body armor.   What I 'need' is none of you business.  Then you would have no problem with me owning RPGs, Tanks, and SAWs, all pointed at your house. emoticon_xgood Oh, and you'd have no problem if a criminal broke into my house, stole my LAWs and Aks and went on a rapage that killed you wife would you? Oh, also, you'd have no problem with a criminal stealing my tank and running over your child would you? After all, what I need is none of your business.   have you ever firered a gun? i am not trying to flame just wondering if you are speeking from experance, or what you have read.  Yes. .22, .306, shotgun, semiauto m4, just to name a few. A shotgun at close range, such as in a house, will put down virtually anyone. emoticon_xkill   an assault rifle has the same rate of fire as outher semi autos, one round for each trigger pull.  Under the current definition, which is flawed. An assault weapon can empty is clip on full auto in seconds.
funny none of the "assalt weapons" that i have will do that, and the law dosent cover full-automatic weapons.   the law coverinf full auto is from 1936.  "assault weapons" are not diffrent from outher semi-auto's, they just look "more scary"  Um, last time I checked, the majority, if not all of them, were standard issue to some military. Also, last time I checked, them majority of those weapons can go full auto.
SuperDutyHaulin: Read the original post before labeling me that sort of ****. NOWHERE did i say ANYTHING that would give crediblity to your claim.   Also, if you look at the death statistics for guns, 91 % of people die from handguns, 7% from shotguns, and 2% from assault weapons.  Have you ever thought about why assault weapons are so low? Stingent laws on object A limits their use and accesibility. Lax laws on object B allow easy access and easy use. The number of death and destruction events caused by large truck accidents is so low compared to regular cars because the lisence to drive one is much harder to achieve, but a regular lisecene is bloody easy. Are you going to refute that things that are easily accesible are less likely to cause damage?   M4) do not have a full auto cabibilaty, thy do ho ever have a 3 round burst.  Give a good gunsmith an hour or two and they can make it full auto. Aks formerly brought in under the disguise of being semi-autos can be changed back into full auto in less then 30 minutes.   I ask the question again: What do you need a assualt weapon for? A shotgun can take virtually anyone down who's robbing your house. A bolt action rifle can take virtually anyone down if hit in the correct spot. A gat can stop anyone; 1 to the head, two to the heart. No one here has even presented a decent argument on why you need assault weapons, thus this leads me to believe that no one really knows why they need them.
Uh....are you kidding me.... Other that what the above people mentioned, Assault weapons range from about $1000 to 10,000 dollars, where you can get a cheap handgun for about $150...I don't know you go figure it out. Think of an Assault weapon as a Ferrari, not everbody has one....    Have you ever tried shooting somebody in your hose with a shotgun, you would actually be better off with a hand gun, a shotgun is a little to big and bulky in the tight restrants of hallways emoticon_rolleyes Also, I would love to see you take sombody down with a bolt action rifle :p Unless sombody is stanging 10 feet in front of you, or your a trained sniper, you don't have a chance.  And last but not least, becasue I want one. And nobody is going to tell me differently. Just like I have a F-250 with a V-10 that gets only 10 MPG. I dont tow anything heavy enough to warrent it....but so what "I WANTED IT" and I bought it......This is AMERICA not RUSSIA.   I totally agree with you. If someone has it set in their mind that they are going to kill or injure someone, they are more than likely going to do it no matter if assault weapons are illegal or not. Using a shotgun or an AK-47 will get the job done, so I don't see the need to ban assault weapons. If you think that's the case, then we need to ban motorcycles because you can get somewhere just as easily in a car, but motorcycles are more dangerous. However, I do feel that there should be very strict laws on who can purchase assault weapons. Having very thorough background checks on ALL gun purchases is the only way to prevent these types of crimes. Just banning guns in general will only make it worse. Then you will have all the criminals who still have their guns, and the innocent people who want to protect themselves won't be able to because they can't buy guns. It is like underage drinking. It is illegal, however they ignore this and drink anyway. Guns will always be around no matter what happens. So get over it...GUNS WILL NEVER BE BANNED!!!!
Handguns you ave to be 21 to purchase, assault weapons you only have to be 18. You are extremely uninformed on this topic, aren't you?  Can you point me to the law on this?   Haven't seen you argue why you need it.   you are also poorly informed in modern militarty tactics, huh?  As are you. A tyrannical government will simply carpet bomb you, you make like it hasn't happend in the past. Explain to me how a assualt weapon will be able to stop a bomber at 30,000 feet. Oh wait, you can't.   1. The US army, after years of experince in conflict situations, has determined that the best armament for a foot soldier is one with a high rate of fire and a large magazine. Are you saying they are wrong? If a shotgun or a "gat" was a superior weapon, all our soldiers would be lugging around shotguns.  Last time I checked, civilian life wasn't based around war. Weapons used in war and weapons used to defend your house are very different. As for Shotguns, they do bring them, but the automatic type, such as a USAS (but a stabler version, considering the mishaps with that one).    BTW, what the hell is "gat"?  This makes me wonder if you know anything or are just a really good bser. A gat is a .9 mm common knowledge.    2. I don't have to demonstrate a "need" for one, to you or anybody else. I have the right to own as many as I wish.  So you'd have no problem with me pointing SAWs and LAWs at your house? Or morters as well? Perhaps tank cannons?  NO ONE HERE HAS PRESENTED A NEED FOR A WEAPON OF WAR.   there has been no decent argument  None that you accept. There is no need for weapons on war in civilian life. Two, making more avaliable simply allows criminals to steal them and go on highly publicized rampages. Three, The arguments FOR it are pathetic. The government will kill you if it goes tyrannical. The "you have no right to decide what I need" is yelled at when it goes back at you, doublestandard.   This simply furthers the hypocracy of the right. They say the liberal media is a lying about tyrannical government yet want weapons to defend aganist this "lie." If it wasn't a lie, why are they saying the claims of it are lies?   SuperDutyHaulin: that simply goes to reiforce me point. Accesibility = higher usage. Low Accesibility = low usage.  Have you ever tried shooting somebody in your hose with a shotgun, you would actually be better off with a hand gun, a shotgun is a little to big and bulky in the tight restrants of hallways Also, I would love to see you take sombody down with a bolt action rifle Unless sombody is stanging 10 feet in front of you, or your a trained sniper, you don't have a chance.  It's actually not that hard, assuming you don't suck. Simply pop out of a doorway and shoot, then move back, or into another room. Do you really expect simpyl to just stand there? As for a bolt action, you must really suck if you can't take out a moving target 50-100 feet from you. I can. Apparently you can't. I'm not saying that you should shoot them from a moving helicopter.   As for your car, a comparsion between the need military weapons and transportation is a phantom bridge.   Christ sakes. None of you are even listening. Hmm, first swarm I've hit in some time.   I'll leave you with this question (but you all seem to ignore it): would you like it if I stockpiled assault weapons, RPGs, LAWs, SAWs, nade launchers, tank weapons, assorted charges, thousands of rounds of ammo, and body armor and I lived next to you?
Well, you're not listening. As for the "never stolen" go check up on the numerous thefts of assault weapons in Hawaii and several of the highly publicized hostages cases.   Really couldn't care less. Personally, I feel better knowing that the folks who live nearest to me are well armed and know how to use their weapons. I live far enough from town that it takes the sheriffs department over 15 minutes to get here. It is nice to know that if needed, I can count on the guy up the road to help me out in a tight spot, and if that may involve the need for firearms, he has the tools and the skills required.  And if I had a questionable past, it would be okay with you if I have a apache outback, numerous SAM missiles, tatical nukes, rows and rows of RPGs, SAWs, LAWs, Dragon missiles, several hundred thousand rounds of ammunition, automatic shotguns, automated machine guns, mine fields, trip wires connected to assorted charges, laser guided tatical neutron missiles, gernade and motar launchers, Vx launchers, Sarin dispensers, mustard gas canisters, and all of it was pointed at your house? After all, you have no right to decide what I can need.   The Russians carpet bombed Afgani towns and cities during its occupation of the region.  Sudan rountinely carpet bombed the population centers in the South for years.  Russia carpet bombed Chechnya.
Yes, that would bother me greatly, sicne it would be illegal for you to have any of that pointed at my house. Further, it would be illegal for you to posess a neutron missile, since there is no company producing those that sell to civilians, whcih means you STOLE it or bought it hot. Vx Launchers are jsut empty tubes, so that doesn;t bother me, I have a "sarin dispenser" in my barn. It is a crop sprayer (that is actually what they used for direct dispersion, weird, huh? they ordered them directly from new holland). Mustard gas cannisters are not even a problem as long as they are empty. Posession of chemical weapons by the united states government or any citizen of the uniteds states is illegal.   And why exactly are they illegal? Are you bothered that I'd have large amounts of chemical weapons ready for large scale disperasal? Or perhaps that I would have the capacity to kill several thousand people?
Why are chemical and biological weapons illegal? Because we signed a non-proliferation treaty. They would not be covered under the second ammendment anyway, since they are purely offensive weapons, while things like rifles, RPG's, etc... do have a defensive role. Same with tactical nukes.  And why did we sign the pact? I disagree with "offensive weapons" stance. Many countries in the past have maintained nuclear, biological and chemical weapons as deterrents aganist attacks. A deterrent is a form of defense. Therefore, a tactical nuke, anthrax, mustard gas, and VX are all considered defensive weapons.   You do not use nukes or chemical weapons on your home turf, since they kill large numbers of people indiscriminatly and killing off a large segment of your population or irradiating a large section of your landmass is not a step that would concievably be taken in the course of defending your country within your own borders  On the contrary, Interceptor missiles, a form of defense, are armed with nuclear weapons. And, if I recall correctly, Saddam used chemical weapons aganist invading Iranians on his home turf. As for normal people, should you be facing a large army of enemy troops on your home turf, the simplest way to removing them, and thereby removing the threat would be to realease a tatical, or chemical attack. Also, Castro, backed by the USSR, was planning to use tatical nukes in Cuba in the senario of a large US marine invasion.  So Using Rev. HellH0und 's logic, I have every right to own every military weapon ever created because you have no right to decide what I need. Rev. HellH0und's own logic justifis me owning tatical nuclear weapons.   so why ban guns when they kill less than eather of these?  Irrevelant. Cars are designed to transport. Guns are designed to incapaciatate/kill. As for cigarettes, I see no problem in making a pack cost $25.   SuperDutyHaulin: I may not have you here, but I will get you somewhere else, may it be gay rights, the death penalty, generic drugs, etc.
The deterrent theory is based in having such a stockpile of offensive weapons at hand that your enemies woud not dare attack you.  And therefore it is a form of defense. A weapon that is used for a method of defense is therefore a defensive weapon. This stick can hammer in nails, therefore it is a type of hammer. This bike can transport me therefore it is a type of vehicle. You just admited that it was a deterrent and the purpose of a deterrent.   Cuba never had any nukes that could have been used against American troops in the event of an invasion. The only nukes that we ever knwo for sure that cuba had anything to do with were rocket mounted warheads, which could not have been targeted at cuba.  On the contrary, besides the History Channel disagreeing with you,   They included 80 FKR cruise missiles armed with 12-kiloton warheads. The FKR was essentially a scaled-down, pilotless version of a MiG jet, with a target guidance system good out to 100 miles, although it could fly much farther. It was designed to defend the Cuban coastline and the land around the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay from any U.S. invasion attempt.  Not This Time  [quote]No, not really. If so, the logic is flawed.[quote]  Then Hellhound's argument is flawed. He said I have no right to decide what people need. Therefore, he has no right to do the same to me, therefore people can own any military weapon they want because you have no right to decide what people need.   Jeffersonian: Cars are designed to transport. Guns are designed to kill. The context of the argument regarding these two comparisons was on the total number of deaths caused by them. The functions of the two objects greatly differ, therefore, comparsions on deaths is irrevelant because neither cars, or cigarettes (sketchy) are designed to kill. You have completely missed the context of the argument and filled in whatever you so choosed.
You are thinking too hard. All weapons are either classified as "offensive" or "defensive". Tehy are categorised this way by international law. WMDs are offensive weapons.  Explain the theory of deterrents. Wasn't MAD a strategy that defended aganist nuclear war? Nuclear weapons are a deterrent, and therefore a defensive weapon.   No, they don't.  Did you see the show?   What exactly are cigarettes for??? They serve no purpose other than to kill you. You might say "it gives you a buzz, takes away stress" blah, blah,blah. Sorry, there are many things that give you a buzz and take away stress, that dont kill you.  Cigarettes are designed to addict a user and then suck as much money out of them as possible. It's a bloody good business tactic, it;s certainly not ethical, but Phillip Morris is mighty rich.   Guns are not designed only to kill.  But that is their basic function. Car's basic function is transportation. A nuke's basic function is to annihlate a large area of land and everything in it. Deterrences is a 2ndary function.   It dosn't matter what kind of gun, they all work the same.  But some work more efficintely at their function then others. For instance, a Deagle is more likely to kill you then a .9mm. A SAW is more likely to kill a squad of troops then a muzzle loader. The gun's ability to carry out its primiary function is what sets them apart.   Sombody that has an assualt rifle, is not a casual gun owner. They take great care of their gun collection, and store them safely and properly.  That's not necessarily true. My father knows plenty of people with those kinds of weapons (not to mention owning a few himself) and they treat their collections like ****. Not to mention HIGHLY questionable storage practices. Aka leaving the gun outside for a few hours.   People kill people, and if sombody is intent on killing you, it does not matter if they have a gun or not, there are baseball bats, knifes, heck I could kill you with a pen!!  But it does not mean we give them more access to the tool that's primary function is to kill. You are disregarding the primary function of a tool for it's 2ndary, 3rd, or 100th function. I COULD write with a gun. I could write with a car, it would be difficult but not impossible. Look at the 1st function. Not the last. Simply because people are intent does not mean we give them greater access to the means.   However, you must prove substancial reason why we should have this right annuled. To this point you have not had a single valid arguement why guns should be taken away. Give us facts, not opinions.  Where exactly did I say I wanted the 2nd amendemnt annulled? I WANT YOU to own a pistol, rifle and shotgun if you are in the right mind and can properly use it. That kind of destroys the "extreme gun control supporter" lable doesn't it?   I see haven't seen a need for military weapons. And when people say I have no right to say what you need, you virtually ignore that when it comes back at you.
I already did. you stockpile enough offensive wepons that your enemy would not dare attack you. how do you think that you get mutually assured destruction using only defensive weapons?  MAD is a theory that prevents nuclear war. It was the only viable defense aganist nuclear war. Is a weapon that works in a defense not a defensive weapon?   a .22 is just as deadly as a .45, adn more deadly than a .357.  Assuming you shoot them in the correct place in the heart or the head, yes. Is that likely? No. A .22 won't kill someone if you shoot them in the liver. It would hurt, but they would come after you, it would take a lot of .22s to kill someone without a shot to the head or the heart. With a .45 or something larger, it is more likely to put them down with fewer bullets.   Not at all  Okay, That's pretty bizzare logic. A gun control supporter wants you to own guns. emoticon_xgood   This is what makes you a dangerous gun control supporter. How do you decide what is a military arm? Is every semiautomatic rifle a potential military arm? What about bolt action rifles? Theya re used pretty extensively in the military for sniping. Handguns are issued to all manner of military folks. Does that make them military arms?  As what makes you a dangerous gun supporter. Who draws the line at what is legal and safe? After all, you have no right to say what I need, therefore I can have whatever I deem necessary. That is quite scarcy to say the least, and remember, it is a gun supporter argument that I am simply using aganist you. Who decides what is safe, just and rational?   emclean: Therefore I can own anything I want.
that is fine with me, as long as you keep it safley.  So therefore you'd have no problem with me owning tons of Vx, Mustard Gas, Anthrax, and the means to deliver it? How about Migs, Apaches, Hinds and Tigers? Or perhaps MBTs? Or maybe SAWs, RPGs, LAWs, Dragons, and SAMs sites? Or a few tactical nukes and neutron bombs?
Viva La Liberty!  I see you Americans deal as loosely with the French and Spanish languages, as you do with English!  Surely it is something like Viva Libertad , or Vive la Liberte, but Viva La Liberty  ????? emoticon_rolleyes :)    Leo
I think it's a twist on lousy use of French in movies. BTW, your former would definately be Spanish.  Tu hablas espanol? No me gusta hablar espanol. :(  LOL! No, sorry, but I have to show my ignorance here. I am doing Latin and German at school, but I didn't even do French. It is just that 'Viva' sounds Spanish, (as the French 'vive' is both spelt and pronounced differently,) and the use of the feminine article 'la' indicates the French language. But you obviously do speak Spanish. I am envious! :) How many languages have you?   I am typically English, inasmuch as I am boringly monolingual. I think we Brits must be the laziest people on earth when it comes to learning languages! :)   Leo
 I know enough to get myself into trouble. Took a college level course on it so I know basic greetings, a lot of nouns, most popular verbs and how to conjugate them properly(ar, er, ir and some irregulars), and quite a bit of grammar usage. Can't say it was the most pleasent experience I've ever had.  La signifies Spanish as well, just so you know. Learning the various feminine/male patterns is terrible, though some do follow common characteristics in determining an unknown word. Vivir is the noun in Spanish, means "to live", though it changes in spelling depending on how you use it. There's vivo (yo(I)), vives (tu(you)), vive (el/la(he/she)), vivimos (nosotros(we)), vivis (vosotros), and viven (ellos/ellas(they)). Vosostros is a special matter of we used on Spain (I think), it's rarely used.  Vivo en Kentucky, USA. Tu vives en UK.  Thanks Rook, that is quite interesting! Wow! Spanish sounds as difficult to conjugate as German! Does Spanish have not only feminine and masculine nouns, but neuter ones as well?  Can't say I am as advanced in German as you are in Spanish. The only reason I chose German over French, is that our French master is a miserable old git, and we have a lady who comes in twice a week to teach German. Her husband is a Graf (Count), and she a real hottie! :) She can teach me anything she likes! LOL! :)   Leo
 A lady from Columbia taught my class. ;)  Was she a hottie? emoticon_wow emoticon_xangel   Leo
Actually I don't deal with spanish or french because I don't have to. I speak english. emoticon_rolleyes  OK. If you want to get picky about it, (and you are an American with the usual accents and word usage,) you speak a dialect known as American-English. :)   Leo
I speak Souther-American-English. :p  Actually, I rather like the Southern American accents - I remember buying doughnuts in Atlanta, and being told, "Listen son, y'all come back now, you hear!"   It was great! Like being in a movie! :)   Leo
Free Guns for everyone! More Guns means more Murder. And More Murder means population control. That way we wont have to resort to the satanical process of abortion!
Hence the most drinking and alcohol ever was during prohabition, same idea?  You'll have to show some proof of this claim please.
Yes. It is true. This truth is evidenced in part by the FACT that Kennesaw, Georgia USA has a lower crime rate than the rest of the country. In Kennesaw, the law is that every home must have a working firearm. Criminals evidently know this.  You may be jumping the gun on that one. There could easily be a host of factors that cause low crime rates, such as higher property values, good education system, properly funded police, good social services, a number of things. Having a high gun ownership ratio may merely be a part of why crime is low, it may not be the reason.
How can guns help demons (or whatever you want) control the world. Humans would be far more able to fight back with them. Disarming them would only make them weaker.
No you bindering tardarfoot!   Onces your eyes have met that of a demons, that demon controls you. Theres no physical combat involved. We also have a few demons that look like humans. These demons will engineer themselves to become major TV stars, and soon the world will be ours!  Quit using movie stars. After Kerry lost, a lot of them got a bad rap and are generally annoying. You're better off corrupting politicians, like that would be hard anyway.
Or we could ignore this idiotic troll.
need i point out how incredibly stupid you just made yourself look, devils_advocate? even as a joke, this is pretty pathetic.
Currently I am doing a survey for public opinons regarding this topic for my research paper. Could you guys please give me your 2 cents on this issue? I'd really appreciate it if you guys could state whether or not you own a gun or if you're somehow an expert in this field as i would love to do a follow-up e-mail interview. Thanks.
You would probably get much more out of it if you posted a question here, let people reply, then carry on in a similar way asking questions (even related to replies) and getting reponses.
You would probably get much more out of it if you posted a question here, let people reply, then carry on in a similar way asking questions (even related to replies) and getting reponses. Everyone is welcome to give their opinion on public gun possession here-whether you're for or against gun control (or does gun possession justifies itself) and please state the reasons as well. I would really appreciate it if you guys could include some extra informations regarding this issue.
"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."  I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?
I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?  'Cause you're too young.
"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."  I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?   Full rights only come to full citizens. Your legal status is called an 'infant' and legally you are basically regarded as not able to make decisions in your best interest until age 18. You don't have the full right to own property, make contracts, vote, and express your opinion.   There are other non-full citizens. They are felons and the insane. It is pretty obvious why those two classes don't have rights and we can do what we want to them. In the same breath as a non-full citizen you don't get to choose what you want to do or what rights you get.
"A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."  I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?  Let's give this person a gun folks. For that matter, give him a pack of cigs a case of beer and put him in a porn flick. That's the ticket.
Where's the smileys? This is a joke, right?  My sons have owned their own guns since they were 11 years old. Of course I bought them, but I bought their shoes, too.  Maybe my mind ain't right on this one. emoticon_frazzled  Explain that one to the thread starter. He claims he is the victim of age discrimination when he states "I am a person 15 years of age and I want my gun, yet I can't get one. Why not?"
to CCR1994, I guess I should have put smilees in, I don't really want a gun. Basically I was saying how there were logical restrictions on Constitutional rights (but now I'm scared that a kid my age can legally own a gun) and background checks and such aren't that bad when getting a gun. Many people have claimed that because of the 5th ammendment we should be able to go into our local store and just grab a gun and take it home with no check.
Don't believe it, Zachvac:  "Any statement given freely and voluntarily without any compelling influences is, of course, admissible in evidence. . . . Volunteered statements of any kind are not barred by the Fifth Amendment." Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436, 478 (1966)  The Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination prohibits your being compelled to give testimonial evidence against yourself. (Like the baseball players who were compelled by subpoena to appear and testify before Congress). The right has absolutely no application to firearms transaction forms. When you go purchase a gun no one forces you to fill out the forms. Oh, you can't walk out with the gun unless you do, but it is your choice whether to buy the gun or not. You can always refuse to fill out the forms and walk away without a gun. To argue otherwise would permit convicted felons to claim they have a right to use a fake ID to get around the background check (which is currently a felony offense punished by up to 10 years in VA), since using their real name would compel them to incriminate themselves. Thankfully, no court has yet succumbed to such illogic.  The right recognized in the Second Amendment is no more absolute that the "right of the people" in the 1st. and 4th. Amendments. None of these rights are absolute, and they are all subject to some rational limitation (like the ban on possession by convicted felons). I am sorry, I didn't mean 5th, I meant the 2nd, the right to bear arms. Sorry for the confusion.
Well they had to be ready to kill at a moments notice... god could call for it to take care of all the nonbelivers.
The Bible is a contradiction of itself, on many matters. I should think Abelard's Sic et Non would have proven that. There are also clear discrepancies between old and new testaments.
Job 32:8 But it is a spirit in man giving them perception, even the breath of the Almighty. 9 It is not the great that are wise, nor the aged who perceive justice... Good words to live by, despite all else.   We seem to forget who needs to do the talking sometimes.  I would like to add also that it is the Sword of the Spirit that we must be prepared to use at all times......and it doesn't depend on any factors, for any reason.
This is the stupidest thread ever. It would be pedantic if it wasn't so infantile. Look those words up....
"pedantic" Wow! you used up your whole "BIG WORD DICTIONARY" on a response to me . . .   I don't use a dictionary for such words, I'm edumakated.
Ah . . . mighty midget . . . . psychological attacks only work on the weak-minded . . . that is why I "own" you. And since you can't produce a single argument to refute my stance we will just call this a "WIN" for Shamgar's side. What's the matter no program upgrades? (beep . . . beep . . . does not compute).   In the future you should spell "own" like "pwn" and instead of calling Bishop a robot without program updates, threaten to "haxxor him up."
Wow, I thought you were a jerk just on religious stuff, but you are always on assface mode.
Is that some gay mating call you use?  No, it's the call I use to get your two moms in the sack. :)
Just curious, why did you assume it was a gay mating call? Were you excited?
Religion is involved in every aspect of a Christian's life. Since your are a pagan . . you wouldn't know that. Oh and thanks for the blessing!  So being an assface is part of the Christian tradition. Great faith buddy.
Whether an all-out ban on guns is good or bad (or constitutional), or an assault-weapons ban is good or bad (or constitutional), it should be obvious to any reader that the Columbus city council is trying to push through an all-out ban on guns by calling this an assault weapons ban.  The Second Amendment does not apply to an Ohio Law. Thus, this ban is not unconstituitonal under the US Constitution. The Ohio Constitution, may however, protect gun rights, but I haven't read it.
Wasn't this issue settled in 1998 with the following ruling?  http://www.stephenhalbrook.com/lawsuits/firearms.html
whats awb?
Assault Weapon Ban. A largely (in fact, I believe entirely) cosmetic ban which attempted to eliminate the lethal threats of bayonet lugs, pistol grips and sickle shaped magazines.
Decent article on firearm ownership in the wake of Katrina  http://www.lewrockwell.com/akers/akers18.html  "Only law enforcement are allowed to have weapons", says P. Edwin Compass III, superindendent of the New Orleans police, Deputy Chief Warren Riley notes "No one will be able to be armed. We are going to take all the weapons."
They exercised gun control for folks being ushered into the Superdome.  I don't think there were any reports of shootings in the Superdome.  There was no gun control for the folks being told to go to the Convention Center, and there were reports of shootings in the Convention Center.  Cops had to do sweeps of the convention center and disarm people. They were fired upon, but their orders were to not return fire. Thankfully, no cops were shot during these operations.  I agree with taking people's guns before cramming them into a shelter, but I dont' agree with taking guns from people who want to protect their homes.
I personally am astounded at the overreaction of the government in response to a handfull of shootings in NO. Sending in the army in full force, confiscating guns and talking about an 'insurgency' just because of a couple of crackpots have been firing their guns. On an average day in New York there are 10 times as many reports of shootings, yet I don't see such a massive military response over there... If they had been protecting their homes or themselves, no problem. But this was not the case. The problem was that there were armed people throughout the city who took the opportunity to shoot at anything that moved, probably simply because they could do so with relative impunity from punishment, since there were no police patrolling. These "crackpots" as you call them were shooting at rescue helicopters, rescue workers in boats and on foot, their own citizens who were trying to get out, the few police who were left, and even the people trying to plug the giant hole that flooded the city. There is a huge difference between that kind of lawless violence and someone protecting their life or property. You call it an overreaction, I think the US acted slowly and with restraint. I would not have been so nice as to disarm many of the true troublemakers, I would have just shot them in the head.
I'm not sure if this post belongs here or in the Creation vs. Evolution thread. They say a picture is worth 1000 words. So, I will forego on the words and apologize in advance.  Click on this picture first. In regard to looting in NO.   Now, click here and get ready to laugh so hard you may actually wet yourself.
Why would it belong in the "gun control" forum or in this particular thread?  Sir, this thread is titled "Katrina shows need for freedom to own guns."  One of the arguments there relates to crime, looting, etc.....  I was just playing connect-a-dot. I thought a little humor might be in order.  Like I said, wasn't sure it belonged here but here it is none the less.
My graduation thesis was about the historical development of the state's monopoly over physical force. I'm not going to sum it up, but while the monopoly was established by the rulers to protect their interests, it has eventually also become the basis for the state's duty to maintain peace and order and ensure the safety of its citizens.   In this context, I am very worried by the US developments. While the effects of gun control on crime are somewhat unclear (I believe the US is already so saturated with firearms that the gun control laws may indeed lead to an increase in crime - contrary to the normal effects), it is very clear from the same statistics that increased police presence is the best crime prevention measure, and the police is apparently being downsized.  I'd love to have a firearm, probably a sniper rifle, with which I'd shoot at targets half a mile away. I can do the same with a replica and a sniping scope. I'd immediately borrow a full auto something, just to get the feeling of shooting a full magazine at some target (ruined house wall would sound fun). keep it at home, no. Shoot bullets, yes. Kill anyone, no thanks.  The problem is, I don't want to have to rely on my own firearms to be safe. The principle demands everyone carry a several pound hunk of metal around at all times, a dangerous several pound hunk of metal filled with explosives, that is, and sleeping with one eye open, just in case. In the military, you set up a camp and then set guards. Civilians do the same by keeping a police force.
I'm all for making the police effective. Here, you'd find my stance on the right to privacy surprisingly far from my usually leftist positions.  My ideal world is covered with video cameras, people's positions are tracked via subcutaneous implants, and the police are issued powered armour before the military. Along with glue guns, tasers, bolas, net launchers, flesh hooks, IR goggles, lie detectors, truth serums, helicopters, tanks, attack dogs,... Why powered armour first? Because then the police wouldn't have to be skittish about being shot while asking for someone's driver's license.  But the prison sentences are low, as stress is given to prevention, not retaliation.
We actually had that. Hue and cry, sheriffs and similar. However, the "standing" police proved more efficient.  If my sources are to be believed, I could get my hands on an AK for 300 Euros. Plus ammo, but an order of two would probably include 100 bullets too. The problem is, even if I bought it, I would be no safer whatsoever. Just like the hunters that live in the same village as me are no safer than myself.  I'd much rather buy myself a full set of body armour.  I'd also like to point out one other weapon society has (one that I consider the best weapon against terrorism): its ability to absorb damage simply due to its great size. The disadvantages are obvious, however, it does have one great advantage: it created no collateral damage. In concept, it is the direct opposite of the biological concept of human allergies.
here is what an armed, trained person can do.  I love it when the bad guys gets blown away!  By the way, speaking of guns and violence and Katrina and whatnot, does anyone notice any similarities between the criminal posted in the article above and those looters in N.O.?  A good argument for evolution perhaps? :p
What similarities?  Hey, I'm just asking. emoticon_rolleyes
So am I... What similarities did you refer to?  How about, for starters, they are both thieves. emoticon_rolleyes
That`s a pretty lame similarity... But sure.. Anymore?  They both prefer Heinenken. :p
I am afraid, Bram and Joszi, that you have not been exposed to all the facts.This is true. Less guns doesn't mean less homocide (but it does mean less violent death as my scatter chart from the same data showed). What Adept's chart neatly shows is that the USA is a ridiculously violent country by "developed" country standards. Take away their guns and they'd probably just kill each other with knifes, baseball bats etc.
It is true clive that the rate of violence in the U.S. is high, but you have to look at the other side of the coin, we have a large population in this country and with larger population means more crime.That is why scatter charts - such as the one that Adept produced - show figures per 1,000 population or whatever. It makes the data between countries directly comparible. A higher percentage of Americans are murdered every year than in any other "western" country save for N. Ireland (a region wracked by decades of near civil war, military occupation and terrorism).  But the majority of our crime is done with illegaly owned firearms as well.Can you back up this claim?  But in Florida they adopted the right to carry a concealed firearm and the crime rate decreased 41%.Not true. The highest level of crime recorded in Florida was in 1988, the year after the concealed carry law was passed.  So all you people against guns need to relize more guns in the U.S. makes us saferYou have no evidence to back up that claim at all.
Well I can think of one good reason to have a gun. Target shooting. It is really fun and it is pretty much a sport. If we all did target shooting our population would be much better marksmen and that means our millitary would be stronger. If you take away the guns there would be none of this. And also if you took away the guns people would use knives or a blunt weapon. There are infinite blunt weapons. Criminals would start making swords. And it is possible this could shoot us back to ancient times although i have to admit that is unlikely. People are always going to hate, there will never be hate, and people will always kill. So ask your self this would you like the victims to experience no pain with a a gun or with lots of pain with blunts or blades?   Hansel   P.S. Netherlands is almost all athiestic, abortion is legal, old people can ask the doctor to kill them, drugs are legal. There are no morals. Are you sure this is the best place to live? Oh, boy... Criminals would start making swords? You make me laugh. I think that they'd just use clubs and knives, personally. Or they'd still use guns, despite their being illegal.  Shoot us back to the ancient times? What do you mean, like when people used knives and heavy objects to kill each other? Please. Get real. And what's this, no pain with a gun? If you get a bone injury from a gunshot wound, you're in for a world of hurt unlike anything else.
P.S. Netherlands is almost all athiestic, abortion is legal, old people can ask the doctor to kill them, drugs are legal. There are no morals. Are you sure this is the best place to live? Oh, boy. There's another forum devoted to discussing abortion, assisted suicide, and morals. Please go there if you want to discuss it. P.S. the US is largely Christian, anti-homosexual, brain dead people are forced to keep on living by being hooked up to machines, the country's debt just hit 8 trillion dollars, it has one of its most ineffectual presidents ever, it's disliked by most of the rest of the world, and it's got a high rate of violent crime. Are you sure this is the best place to live?
Not only total nonsense, but an insult to those professionals who have been injured or died doing their duty. Oh? Are you sure? http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,162325,00.html  And it's not pickleweasler's statement which is an insult to those good and dedicated police officers. The NOPD (or at least quite a few members of it) is the insult to good police here.  And my thanks to jyoshu, who posted that link right here, in July.
so you don't like my opinions on gun control, are you going to shoot me? You shouldn't worry, you getting a bullet in the head anyway.
Are you a nazi? Sorry don't see the connection between Bosnia and Kosovo and Nazis.....maybe you do ?  That poster is always making random strawman arguments...just ignore and move on.
I agree with his statement. In no way become disillusioned to think a rifle can go against a tank or jet fighter. The Vietnamese had more than just rifles in the Vietnam "security measure", they were provided with large numbers of SAMs from Russia/China, they had light tanks, RPGs, mines, mortar and artillery pieces. Even the Iraqis have RPGs, explosives, grenades and shoulder mounted SAMs (stinger missiles). Even with that, Iraqi rebels aren't close to "winning" the war or even taking over any significant territory. Your post brings few thoughts to mind. The intent behind the Second Amendment was to turn the adult citizenry of the nation into an effective fighting force. A force that the nation could depend on for its defense. If we really wanted to follow the Second Amendment people would need to be required to keep and train with all sorts of military weapons such as machine guns, explosives, greanades, shoulder mounted SAMs etc. But not even the NRA is advocating this. People on both sides of the debate are just not interested in following the Second Amendment.
Then could you please elaborate what the hell happened in vietnam and Iraq? In Vietnam the public opposition to the war grew so great that eventually it was decided it was best to stop fighting. North Vietnamese forces could have never beaten the US Army had it decided to stay and fight. Their casualties were much, much greater than ours. The interesting thing about Iraq is that rebellion has been a much more frequent occurence since the US invasion. People were much more afraid to rebel against Hussein because they knew the retribution by Hussein would be horrible.... mass torture, executions, imprisonment etc. That's what happened when someone from Dujail shot at Hussein but missed. So when a successful rebellion is most needed (when a true tryrant is in power) people are least likely to attempt it.
Unusually warm winter we are now having in Europe and USA is due to so called climatic weapon used by Americans imo. Well, they had been exploring this sort of weapon for quite a long time and I guess success attended them. Do you remember the destructive tsunami that happened to occur in South-East Asia in December 2005? They say actually it came in the aftermath of the then conducted in the region tests of new types of American weapons. The death toll of Asian countries was enormous then.  Now the price is unusually warm winter, which would be rather good thing to enjoy ..... but for destructive storms and floods. Pressing on Dame Nature is no good I am sure 'cause it always leads to some unpredictable things kind of tsunami or storms or what. And then ....Americans are no Gods. I mean we may pay rather a high price now. What's the American grand idea this time? It's to make prices on energy resources go down to give some boost to American economy, which has been somewhat unhealthy lately. Dispatching of extra American military units in Iraq is quite a burden for USA economy now.  What irritates me actually is the fact that Europeans are facing extremely severe storms resulting in blackouts and other sort of thing. They may have been well triggered by those American climatic tests. What does the future hold? Nothing good imo if Americans continue this practice.
Unusually warm winter we are now having in Europe and USA is due to so called climatic weapon used by Americans imo. Well, they had been exploring this sort of weapon for quite a long time and I guess success attended them. Do you remember the destructive tsunami that happened to occur in South-East Asia in December 2005? They say actually it came in the aftermath of the then conducted in the region tests of new types of American weapons. The death toll of Asian countries was enormous then.  Now the price is unusually warm winter, which would be rather good thing to enjoy ..... but for destructive storms and floods. Pressing on Dame Nature is no good I am sure 'cause it always leads to some unpredictable things kind of tsunami or storms or what. And then ....Americans are no Gods. I mean we may pay rather a high price now. What's the American grand idea this time? It's to make prices on energy resources go down to give some boost to American economy, which has been somewhat unhealthy lately. Dispatching of extra American military units in Iraq is quite a burden for USA economy now.  What irritates me actually is the fact that Europeans are facing extremely severe storms resulting in blackouts and other sort of thing. They may have been well triggered by those American climatic tests. What does the future hold? Nothing good imo if Americans continue this practice.   Those dastardly Europeans have countered with a cold ray which is currently pummeling Colorado and Nebraska. This ray has caused over 40 deaths so far. How do I know? It's all over the news!!!  Hysterical, in both senses of the word.
How can we exercise gun control and nuclear disarmament while America is going on with nuclear genocide?   Firstly, America must plead guilty in the WWII genocide of the Japanese! The Japanese civilians got killed in American nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are surely victims! And the mortality figures among those who suffered for years with radiation sickness make the level of genocide even more scary.  Secondly, America must plead guilty in more recent such cases among alliance forces in Afghanistan and Iraq and among civilians in these countries. They all fell victims of illegal American tests of new types of nuclear weapons there!! The fact is staying hidden from rest of the world.  America is going on with nuclear genocide! And international community should exert immediate pressure on American administration to stop that crime against humanity by the USA!
Firstly, America must plead guilty in the WWII genocide of the Japanese! The Japanese civilians got killed in American nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are surely victims! And the mortality figures among those who suffered for years with radiation sickness make the level of genocide even more scary.  Let me break it down for you Sparky:  Dropping the Nukes accomplished two things 1: It ended the war 2: We won  A possible side effect of these two events is the fact that your (and my) happy XXX is alive now as a result of all those Sailors, Marines, and Soldiers not getting killed in a seaborne assault of the Japanese Mainland.   From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Downfall#Estimated_casualties_for_Downfall  A study done for Secretary of War Henry Stimson's staff by William Shockley estimated that conquering Japan would cost 1.7-4 million American casualties, including 400,000-800,000 fatalities, and five to ten million Japanese fatalities. The key assumption was large-scale participation by civilians in the defense of Japan.  Use your *** damned head man! There are MILLIONS of people alive today BECAUSE those bombs were dropped. This is easily the most asinine grabastic bit of nit-wittery I have ever seen on this forum.
He won't reply to you, he is a Russian-propaganda-bot.  In any case I disagree with your assessment of whether nuking civilians was necessarily or justifiable, largely for the reasons summarisedhere on practical grounds, and well, the moral grounds should be fairly obvious.
He won't reply to you, he is a Russian-propaganda-bot.  In any case I disagree with your assessment of whether nuking civilians was necessarily or justifiable, largely for the reasons summarisedhere on practical grounds, and well, the moral grounds should be fairly obvious.  This will require time to rebut. As I am presently leaving on business travel I shall have to defer my response until next week. I look forward to this discussion indeed!
The question of country's accession to independence here, in Scotland, is especially acute now, although the background of it numbers over 300 years.  Of course, in our Scottish state we have both the supporters of secession from Britain, and opponents. But one thing is clear and important for all, who live on this land: our independence from Britain will deliver the Scottish people from the necessity of participating in war against terror, which was dictated to UK by USA and which turned our country into easy target for international terrorists of all types.  Moreover, if we find our own feet, there will no longer need to invest our money in various London's programs for maintaining status of UK as a great power, specifically, to support cost intensive programs for modernization of UK nuclear arsenals.
While our health and safety inspectors begin examining laboratories of US private pharmaceutical firm Merial Animal Health, which is the most likely source for the return of foot and mouth disease due to our government's officials, I venture upon a suppose that this epidemic could be initiated by local Islamists as their revenge for our participation in military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Why not?  Indeed, it looks like a well-planned diversion, directed to serious undermining of our economy in its agricultural sector. It is enough to remember that previous outbreak of foot and mouth in 2001 cost us 8 milliard pounds sterling! Now EU has already banned importation of British beef.  And I'm not surprised if UK meets with many other similar acts of Muslim's retaliation soon, especially taking into account those unsatisfactory conditions of biosecurity at our research laboratories that are in urgent need of government's investments.  Certainly the Pirbright complex, which was largely built in the 1940s, is not close to the standard expected of a modern biomedical facility of such importance. And our enemies make full use of it. Most likely that in this case the disease virus was tested by them in Surrey for its further usage against us and our US allies during our future possible military actions against Iran...
Bush is not in the position actually to make it out with Iraq. US military lobbyists are pressing him to stay. For them Iraq is milking cow. Clearly, this is the huge market for war equipment profitable trade. Then Iraq is testing ground, which is of utmost importance for the companies producing weapons. Some people I know who are working with those companies say, 'Markets are good, but testing in real war is unique chance'. For getting this chance they are competing in earnest. They ain't so much choosy about the means I should say. I know of some big fish in the congress on some interested companies' payroll. That's disturbing. Leaders in the race are such majors as Kellog, Brown & Root, the Hulliburton offspring KBR.  Well there are big plans to test so called e-bombs (electromagnetic bombs) in Iraq. After 'Desert Storm' operation every 5th GI came back home with severe physical injuries due to similar tests. Since then during the last 10 years weapons have become more sophisticated with upgraded destructive power. I hate to think more American guys are going to end up as cripples!
...and this has what to do with "gun control"?
...and this has what to do with "gun control"?  http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=6954
There are a lot of guns in Iraq...Should we control them  Odds are the answer is yes because they belong to insurgents. Yeah not a gun debate really.  Though yeah we are never leaving Iraq, we went to Korea in the 50's and are still there.
And we went to Japan and Germany in the 40's, and we STILL don't have an exit strategy...
yeah we're turning Iraq into a permanant party base. we signed 100-year contract with the Iraqi government. We aren't leaving iraq for at least 100 years.
We are setting up permanent bases in Iraq to steal their oil  Bush is going to disband Congress and declare himself emperor  Bush is going to nuke Iran and North Korea  Bush is going to turn America into a theocracy  Blah  Blah  Blah
We are setting up permanent bases in Iraq to steal their oil  Bush is going to disband Congress and declare himself emperor  Bush is going to nuke Iran and North Korea  Bush is going to turn America into a theocracy  Blah  Blah  Blah :)  I can't tell. Are you a Bush supporter or not?  (Just kidding... emoticon_xgood )
Am I that transparent?  I just had to get a jab in at the first post in this thread.
Am I that transparent? I just had to get a jab in at the first post in this thread. When conspiracy theories get that bad, it's kind of hard not to...
When they get that bad??? That one is pretty lame compared to most that I've seen.    George Bush is trying to take over the world and declare himself supreme dictator of the universe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When they get that bad??? That one is pretty lame compared to most that I've seen.  George Bush is trying to take over the world and declare himself supreme dictator of the universe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I guess the absolute worst I've seen is attempting to link Bush's family to Nazis... emoticon_wow
That is a bad one. It's one thing to criticize and complain. It's another to make an accusation like that.
Do you object to this ban for reasons other than "It's a pointless waste of money"?  -Wez
I'm not sure on the details of their plan, likely because they aren't sure of them. We're still in the process of spending around 3 billion to register all the firearms in Canada.emoticon_mad :xcensored   The announcement is a blatant attempt to garner votes in Toronto and Ontario, key election areas, where gun violence is highest.  I have no use for handguns, and I don't even know anyone that would be directly affected by the ban, but it's a matter of principle. It's the first step on a slippery slope.  We all know that the vast majority of gun crime is carried out with registered, legally obtained handguns. emoticon_rolleyes Therefore, banning handguns in Canada will surely solve the problem.   Where do they find the retards that dream this stuff up?    First of all, handguns are nearly impossible to obtain legally in Canada as it is, 95%+ of handguns used in crimes in Canada have been illegally smuggled into the country from the USA. Even the police forces are saying that the law is pointless as it would only serve to increase the smuggling of handguns from the US, and would likely not have any impact on the rate of handgun use in crimes.  On top of that, it would no doubt be another extremely expensive venture.   There are times when I really question the intelligence of the average Canadian, especially those in Ontario and Quebec. Some of them need a dose of reality.  Waxy  Does the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms permit the private ownership of handguns or perhaps (as in the US) grant a right to bear arms "that shall not be infringed" ?
Yes. I believe it's a matter of personal individual freedom.   If purchased legally, and not used to commit a crime, what harm comes from handgun ownership? I don't own one, but I own many other guns. If they can ban handguns, what's to stop them from banning shotguns, or even BB guns? Shotguns are used for hunting.  BB guns aren't useful when robbing a store as they're too 'weak'.  I see no legal use handguns can fulfil, although I'm fairly neutral on banning them, if the country is already saturated with them. I don't see what it's going to achieve; the people who will mis-use the guns already have them. If there were no handguns in Canada I would support the ban, but as presumably there are already lots, I don't think the ban's a great idea.  -Wez
Not saying I agree with them, but it would make a cops job eaiser. See a handgun, he knows it's illegal. I don't know canada's "probable cause" laws, but here in the US, seeing a handgun isn't justification.
Why is that a good reason for this sort of law? What's the sense in removing the rights of citizens just to make a cop's job easier? Do you also support repealing the Fourth and Fifth Amendments (or the Canadian equivalent, if they have it), just to make cops' jobs easier? Allowing cops to use torture in interrogations would also make their jobs easier. Would you support that?  Obviously you completely missed the very first phrase in my post.   i do not think it has had any affect in Chicago. if the cops see a handgun in a car, or on a person they know that the person is one of 2 things, a LEO, or a criminal. same in NYC, and DC.  Well I live in a city of 20,000. Until afew years ago you could walk right past the police station downtown with firearms openly displayed. People still regularly have shotguns or rifles hanging in the rear window of their trucks during hunting seasons. In fact in VT you don't need a permit for a handgun, and 15 year olds can legally buy riles/shotguns, no questions asked.
Handguns are extremely hard to legally obtain in the UK, they are comparable to NFA guns here. When handguns were "banned", crimes rose. Drastically.  Good thing that certain Canadians noticed this.  what sort of crimes? Crime overall here has been falling for years.
Lies, damn lies & statistics:)   The word overall is very misleading. It is a crime to be caught speeding.
This may help....I can't say I back up Wikipedia 100% though  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_politics_in_the_United_Kingdom
Everyone as a thought on gun control good, bad, extreme or don't really care. but I would like to find out is do you support some sort of guncontrol yes or no? please yes or no at the top of your anwser and then add how much under that.
It depends...
Why does gun control have to be an all or none thing? There is a common misconception that gun control means getting rid of all guns. Not true. Yes, there are those in favor of getting rid of all guns, and I find these people to be extremist whackos. And there are those who would get rid of all gun control laws, and again...extremist whackos. Having an age limit on the ability to buy guns is a gun control measure. I certainly do not want 7 y/o's to be able to go to the store and buy a 9mm. Age limits are simply common sense laws that are required by any responsible society. There are many common sense laws, but probably a few more that we need. Likewise, there are some laws and measures that we do not need.
regulations should depend on the local population, plain and simple. I don't want to live in a city where everyone has a gun, but I'd feel much safer in some of the more remote areas if people were allowed/expected to carry (openly) to help get rid of varmint animals (such as coyotes) or to defend against the dangerous ones (such as bears).  I'm not really against full auto weapons, although I don't see the point of them- good trigger control on a semi-auto can get you a much more controlled group at a higher range in roughly the same time distance from a full auto gun- but it should be understood by everyone in the community that these are not toys, they are weapons that are shot by some people purely for entertainment value (why do you need a nice car with a 300hp engine that can go 200mph? you don't: but it's still fun to own one. why do you need a .50BMG rifle? you don't- but that doesn't mean it's not fun to shoot one).
Let me enter this discussion.  I believe U.S. v. Miller is a case wrongly decided; but it cannot be read to protect only the RKBA of militia members. Miller was a bootlegger. He was a private citizen who was not a member of any state militia. If the Miller court wanted to limit the RKBA to only members of state organized militias, it would have dismissed his second amendment claim by saying something like this: "The defendant is not a member of a state organized militia, and is therefore not a member of that class of persons the amendment protects. Therefore, he lacks standing to pursue a claim that his second amendment rights have been infringed."   Additionally, this is how the Miller Court defined the militia:  "The signification attributed to the term Militia appears from the debates in the Convention, the history and legislation of the Colonies and the States, and the writings of approved commentators. These show plainly enough that the militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense. "A body of citizens enrolled for military discipline." And further, that ordinarily when called for service these men were expected to appear bearing arms supplied by themselves and of a kind in common use at the time." United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174, 179 (1939).  Miller's appeal was denied not because he was a private citizen who claimed the second amendment protected his RKBA, rather, his appeal was denied because the Court would not read the amendment to protect his RKBA in a sawed-off shotgun:  "In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a 'shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument. Certainly, it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." Id. at 178.  What you see from this decision is a clear implication that private citizens do enjoy a RKBA and the scope of that right protects arms which are "part of the ordinary military equipment" or which "could contribute to the common defense." This is a foolish interpretation of the RKBA, because it could be read to protect a RKBA in a flamethrower or a bomber.  Now as for the militia preamble, I have addressed that here: http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=6957.   I would also consider the distinct phrase "the right of the people," because it is not limited to the Second Amendment. The phrase "the right of the people" occurs in the 1st., 2nd., and 4th. amendments. As has been stated before by people smarter than me, it cannot refer to a right of the individual citizen in the 1st. amendment, be mutated into a right of the states to arm their militia members in the 2nd. amendment, only to be magically transformed back into an individual right in the 4th.   ---  "The great ideals of liberty and equality are preserved against the assaults of opportunism, the expediency of the passing hour, the erosion of small encroachments, the scorn and derision of those who have no patience with general principles, by enshrining them in constitutions, and consecrating to the task of their protection a body of defenders." Justice Benjamin Cardozo, The Nature of the Judicial Process, New haven, 1921.  "Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." Justice Brandeis, Olmstead v. United States, 277 U.S. 438, 485 (1928) (dissenting opinion).
Everyone, watch as a non-lawyer approaches a lawyer about law and quickly gets his XXX kicked for being so bold...  Okay, Bryan, I'm not a lawyer like yourself, and you very well may wipe the floor with this approach, but what if I interpret things differently?    Rather than the significant phrases being those you have selected (which I underlined above), what if the significant phrase is that which I have boldfaced above? The underlined phrases simply elaborate on why the weapon in question can be disqualified from being protected by the Second Amendment, as it would have no "reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia." After all, this is the clause that is paired with the proclamation that the instrument's possession is not protected.  That being said... I will openly agree that the paragraph cited is indeed worded in a way that could justify your conclusion. However, I interpret the boldfaced phrase's location adjacent to the assertion as being more important than the following sentence.  ---  Listen, being a lawyer is only a license to pretend I know what I'm talking about. It does not give me any ability to divide truth from lies any better than anyone else. In fact I think a law degree is usually a hindrance, because in my opinion the swelled heads people tend to get when they get admitted to the bar often constricts the blood flow to their brains. When that happens we lawyers try to conceal our newfound stupidity with arrogance.   The phrase you cite means to me that if there was evidence that a particular weapon "has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia" then the 2nd. Amendment would protect an individual citizen's right to possess it. The Court did not say Miller's sawed-off shotgun did not meet this criteria. It merely said that no evidence was presented that it did. This obviously begs the question of how you meet this test. I think the Miller Court goes on to announce that one way to prove this would be by presenting evidence that it was "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."  This was a newly created standard which no one had heard before, and for this reason no one thought to present evidence in the trial court that a sawed-off shotgun was "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." Miller's case came before the court because of an activist trial court judge who wanted to see the law struck down. Miller promptly jumped bond on his appeal, and no one appeared to argue his case. The Government was the only party to appear before the Court, and no evidence was presented to SCOTUS to establish that the weapon would meet the newly announced test. This is why the Court says "In the absence of any evidence tending to show...."   This brings me back to the "judicial notice" comment. SCOTUS said "Certainly, it is not within judicial notice that this weapon is any part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." I see this as the test SCOTUS announces for proving a weapon "has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia." It is the only reason why SCOTUS would mention it.   The "judicial notice" comment occurs for this reason: In our courts many facts do not need to be proved by direct evidence. There are certain facts which Courts routinely take "judicial notice" as being true, like calendar dates or information contained in its own records. When SCOTUS goes on to say "Certainly, it is not within judicial notice..." it is saying that no one tried to prove the weapon would meet this new test, and absent any evidence proving this it will assume on its own that a sawed-off shotgun would be "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense."   So I read Miller to interpret the scope of the 2nd. Amendment as protecting an individual RKBA in weapons which have "some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia;" and the test for establishing this is proof that the particular weapon is "part of the ordinary military equipment or that its use could contribute to the common defense." It is a dangerous decision if followed, because it opens the door for claims to all sorts of current military arms.  --- "The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy." Justice Scalia, DICKERSON v. UNITED STATES, 530 U.S. ___ 995525, Slip opinion (Scalia's dissent) p.12 (June 26, 2000).
You're right that Miller had died, but it appears he was alive when the case was presented to SCOTUS. This is the timeline as I understand it:  On March 30, 1939, SCOTUS heard the oral arguments in the case. No one appeared to argue the case except the Government.  On April 6, 1939, Miller's body was found in a creek bed near Chelsea, Oklahoma. He had been shot 4 times with a .38 caliber weapon. Near his body was a .45 automatic from which three shots had been fired, which law enforcement presumed was done in self-defense.  On May 15, 1939, SCOTUS, unaware that Miller was dead, announced and published its decision on his case.  Interestingly, his co-defendant, Frank Layton, plead guilty to his indictment after SCOTUS decided the case, and he was placed on probation for five years which he successfully completed.  I found an excellent U.S. v. Miller website, which has full copies of the opinion, brief filed by the Government, all related petitions, etc. here:   http://www.rkba.org/research/miller/Miller.html.   I still think Miller is a gun rights opinion. In addition to what you can see in the opinion itself, if you look at the paragraph we have focused upon that begins "In the absence of..." you will see SCOTUS cite with approval to another case, Aymette v. State. If you look at the case and page SCOTUS cites you to, you will find that Tennessee court saying this about militia arms: "If the citizens have these arms in their hands, they are prepared in the best possible manner to repel any encroachments upon their rights. . . ." Aymette v. State, 2 Hump. (21 Tenn.) 154, 158 (1840). Case cited by Miller at p. 178. (A great cite for gun rights advocates, for this is yet another statement that the purpose for relying on a citizen militia was not to ensure the government would be safe from foreign invasion, but was intended to protect the citizens from the advent of a tyrant.)   But one fundamental problem with Miller is it does not clearly state what the scope of the Amendment is or how to prove a weapon is protected. It only makes reference to these things in the negative--a sort of "since you didn't prove this you can't prove the 2nd. Amendment protects you" decision. It also leaves several 2nd.Amendment questions unanswered. Is the right "fundamental" and deserving of the high standard of strict scrutiny of governmental attempts to infringe upon it? Should it allow the possession of current military hardware? If so, then would the RKBA be limited to these weapons, or would my old single-shot arcade .22 be protected? Should the 2nd. Amendment RKBA be incorporated through the 14th. Amendment to force the states to recognize it? For these reason I feel that Miller is a very poor opinion to use to underpin a coherent understanding of the nature and scope of the RKBA.
Actually, I appreciate the opportunity to talk to someone rather than shout at them. One of my vices is I don't suffer fools gladly. I will try to humiliate people who first do two things: 1. attack/insult me, and 2. then do something I can humiliate them with. You have done neither. I have been on other sites where people are not interested in learning about a subject. They have their minds made up, and any attempt to speak contrary thoughts to them quickly draws forth junior high school insults about parentage. One of the reasons why I like this site is you rarely see that here. I don't pretend to have all the answers, and coming here is a learning process for me. I learn a lot more from talking and listening to people as opposed to shouting at them. It makes me a better advocate when I consider other viewpoints. I'm glad you feel the same way.  As far as my job goes, very little of this has any impact on me. The irony is that as such a strong supporter of the RKBA I spend a lot of time making sure people go to jail for misusing firearms or for merely having them in their homes if they are felons. I have never seen anyone attempt to stop a prosecution of a gun use/possession crime on 2nd. Amendment grounds in Virginia. And I can find no Virginia state court case that has ever dealt with the issue. Life goes on while we wait to see if SCOTUS will ever take the issue on and let the other shoe drop.  ---  "And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim." Cicero, Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975)  "And I cannot see, why arms should be denied to any man who is not a slave, since they are the only true badges of liberty. . . .The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave. He who has nothing, and belongs to another, must be defended by him, and needs no arms: but he who thinks he is his own master, and has anything he may call his own, ought to have arms to defend himself and what he possesses, or else he lives precariously and at discretion. And though for a while those who have the sword in their power abstain from doing him injury; yet, by degrees, he will be awed into submission to every arbitrary command." Andrew Fletcher, Political Works, pp. 35 and 221 (1749).
The same reason you can't yell "fire!" in a crowded area.  You can yell "Fire" in a crowded area. How else do you alert people of a fire? You can't yell "fire" if there is no fire only because it's malicious of nature. Unless the criminal has shown malicious intent with a firearm it sounds like hypocrisy to punish them for it. Unless you say that criminals no longer have their constitutional rights even after their release.
The quad 50 full automatic anti-aircraft gun is designed to oscillate on it's mount. This is so that the bullets will come out in a pattern. This pattern along with tracer rounds helps the shooter guide the blizzard of bullets at the aircraft. Even this only works at low altitudes. Modern planes typically fly at ~30K feet. That's more than 5 miles high! A perfect bullet, or one that is fired in a vaccum with an initial velocity of 2800 fps will only go ~25k feet before gravity alone will have reduced it's velocity to 0 fps. The odds of hitting something that is moving at ~900 fps at any distance with a bullet traveling at ~2800fps are slim to none. That is why anti-aircraft guns are full auto, not a semiauto or anything that a citizen has access to legally.
Speaking of higher caliber weapons, have you seen the new .460magnum snub-nose revolver from S&W?  It's a KILLER!! Ha Ha Ha!!!
I think we've all seen footage of aerial gunners in WWII bombers shooting at Me-109s, FW-190s, Zeros, etc. emoticon_idea They were full-auto .30 and .50 cal in the hands of trained gunners. A lot more rounds were fired than are planes that were brought down with them.
50 Cal even without armor piercing rounds can cut most cars in half with less than 50 round. One round will blow a person in half.
An ex-mercenary I know had a light fifty (M82) in Sierra Leonne. He fired at an approaching Nissan pick-up and discovered later that his round had split the cylinder block, admitedly aluminium.
I find it highly unlikley that a 50 can penitrate a destroyers hull this ship is designed to go in to battle and to have a 50 penitrate the hull doesn't give it a high servivability rate. The old battle ships had 14" of armor plate I would think that a ship like that would have a hull thicker than the blade of a D8 bulldozer don't you?  The battleships with a foot of armour plate are a thing of the past, obsolescence. The modern destroyer is a much less heavily armoured beast, primarily a floating helicopter pad and missile launcher. gun battles are a thing of the past and armour isn't much cop vs. an exocet. PS. Do mercs count as military or civilian for the purposes of this thread?
Here we are facing a tragedy involving 33 dead and 27 wounded young people and their families.  Comments, criticisms and other, at this point irrelevant remarks.  Not one single word of compassion or expression of condolence or sorrow.  How sad!
The condolence thread is posted in another part of the forum. This thread is about gun control.  You fooled me.  I read both. The only one who expressed compassion was Big Bear Scot.  Maybe I have to learn to read between the lines.
Be sure to give your guns a big fat kiss tonight before you go to bed tonight 'cuz guns did really good today.  I haven't gotten into this discussion before now because I think it's too early to speculate on what has happened.   I have nothing to do with the investigation of this incident. I do know some of the people working the investigation because the massive call-up for assistance summoned officers whom I have worked with in other shootings. They are extraordinarily competent and thorough investigators. But bear in mind that these men and women are not actors reading from a prepared script that has them solving a murder case in a half-hour TV time slot with room for commercial breaks. I can guarantee that this investigation will not keep pace with the expectations of impatient media news anchors.   I think we all need to slow down and wait to see what they uncover lest we embarrass ourselves with rampant speculation which later proves unfounded. I know, for example, that a search warrant has been obtained to search the suspected shooter's dorm room, and by now his room has undoubtedly been searched. The investigators have 72 hours to file a return with the Clerk of the Court containing an inventory of what, if anything, was seized as evidence from that room. Assuming that it is even possible to obtain a definitive answer to why and how this incident happened, we won't know it for several days. I remember our vain discussions of the officer-involved shooting in England that came in the days of heightened fear after the subway bombings. We were all (myself included) just ####### in the wind and speculating about an event before we really knew what happened.   There was a time after 9/11 when people stopped calling themselves liberal or conservative, Democrat or Republican, and simply said "we are Americans." This shooting is also an event which should temporarily transcend politics, and today it brought an anti gun ownership Democratic Governor and a pro gun ownership Republican President together to mourn the loss of life. Their reaction should serve as a lesson for all of us.   It amazes me that opportunists are lining up to claim political capital from an event which is still under investigation and not definitively answered yet. Locally, I see ignorant racists are already blaming the suspected shooter's national origin, and are arguing that persons of Asian descent are "ungrateful" for the opportunity this nation has afforded them, and that we should send them all "back home where they belong." And now I see that within hours of the media awakening to this event gun control supporters are already using a shooting which they don't fully understand for their own ends. My friends, there will be a time to bring this event to the floor for evaluation in the gun control debate, but I submit that the time is not now. Now is the time to mourn what has happened, and to await the answers law enforcement can bring us for how and why this happened that will enable us to have a rational discussion of this tragedy. I know there are people in the world for whom the temptation of political opportunism is so great that they are capable of walking through fresh blood to mount their soap box, but I would be ashamed to be thought of as one of them.
I propose a ban on all student visas so this sort of thing will never happen again
[QUOTE=Galileo;259386] . He had been living here since 1992. He had a history of mental illness. QUOTE]   Mental illness? Yep, thats the key.   Most people with any kind of mental illness eventually crack up if they don't get proper treatment.
Which means that if there has been even 1 shooting in the last 10 years in the UK then the UK is per capita on Par with the USA in terms of mass shootings.  That's a difficult stat to look up for either country. I can't think of one over the last 10 years though.
Wow, Big topic.. =D
ahh.. the good old USA..  i lost any sympathy for anything that goes on in your country many many years ago... u have the biggest crooks running your country- history has shown that time and again.. every american predisent has the need to get in a war or start one purely as a muscle flexing exercise.. not to mention any financial benifits.. as far as you pathetic gun laws go well they speak for themselves.. so many mass shootings- what do you expect... i shoot here in australia but our gun laws dont give you a birthright to carry weapons like you americans do.. yeah i could stab 10 people in close quarters at a crowded niteclub before i got restrained but hey-- with a 9mm glock i could do more than 10..  wake up to yourself... we here about your mass shootings over here and its like " oh well" " another shooting rampage in the states".  yeah we had one in tasmania 10 years ago but how many have you had in the last 10 years? and yeah i know the populations are way different but if you had the laws we had then id say things would be way different...   ok... im off bunny shooting nowemoticon_xangel  Sounds like Australia has anti-American media too :)  Have you been to the US by any chance?
Being founded via convict settlement is actually a point of pride for many australians, it's mistaken to try and offend aussie posters by bringing this up.
Sergeant York wishes he had one of these...  http://www.snipercentral.com/brown.htm
Drug prohibition is the cause of drug dealers, drug pushers, turf wars, crack cocaine and the other harder drugs, financing for international terrorism, a bloated and unsustainable prison population, the aerial bombardment of south america with defoliants leading to birth defects and the propping up of criminals in power around the world on the basis of their drugs policy.  But hey, its worth it and we just need to do more, because clearly if heroin and crack were legal, we'd all go out and buy some.  And clearly getting tough on drugs is going to be successful in keeping them away, all we need is to transform our nations into giant prisons, guards for every cell block, surveillance in every room. Because we all know that when somewhere is as highly controlled as a prison, drugs can't get in.
Abaddon660- Ok, this seems to be your logic. If we legalize drugs then the availability will go up and the price will come down, therefore crime will be reduced.  There are a couple of flaws in your logic. First of all, not all of the crime caused by drug users is just theft to get there next fix. Some, more than just a little, of it is violent crime that has nothing to do with theft that is caused by various effects of various drugs (paranoia, sense of invincibility, excessive uncontrolled energy, increased violent tendencies in general). Making drugs legal would not decrease any of this.  Secondly, what makes you think that if drugs were made legal that they still wouldn't be tightly controlled and prices kept high? People who traffic drugs are still going to want to keep their high profit margins.  Third, drug dealers/traffickers/etc. are almost always affiliated with other crime in general. This wouldn't change if drugs were made legal because the suppliers would remain essentially the same.
Master Shake, that last part isn't true at all. Every single person who sells drugs that I know of is pretty peaceful and to the extent of my knowledge doesn't steal, fight, etc. So the guy you buy your pot from down the street isn't a mean guy. Big deal. Secondly, I was really talking about the primary suppliers, not small-timers, although the same applies to many small-timers.
I think you've watched too many mob movies. A lot of the weed is grown in the US, not imported. And most of the grown #### is grown by college students, small rings of adults, you know, people who aren't running entire business chains off them (as depicted in tv shows, whatever). There are other drugs, smokey.
Yes but they are dwarfed by marijuana. The only reason people reject it is because they were taught it was a bad thing to do, similar to the Iranian attitude toward premarital sex. I am aware that pot is the number one illegal drug in this country, but I think to say it "dwarfs" use of other drugs is a bit of an overstatement, especially with the sharp rise in production and use of meth in recent years, particularly in the midwest. Even if it was an accurate description, it's entirely beside the point.  It's also more than a bit disingenuous to say that "the only reason people reject it is because they were taught it was a bad thing to do" as if you're the enlightened one and everyone else is a pack of drooling lemmings. People have all sorts of good reasons they choose to not smoke and/or choose to oppose it's legalization. Secondly, if it is a bad thing to do, there's nothing wrong with being taught it's a bad thing to do. However, I would substitute "bad" with "dumb" in this case.
Anything unriggable?
Love the thought! But, I have one issue with Abbadon- How do we go about erasing the complete exsistence of drugs? And who is gonna do it? I sure doubt the government is gonna help...
My side of the debate is that we should have some gun control but once you take away the right of 1 person you've taken everyones right away! so... yeah...
My side of the debate is that a chicken is a bird but sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette!! ASL!?
sorry i dont give out personal info...!
My side of the debate is that a chicken is a bird but sometimes you have to break a few eggs to make an omelette!! ASL!?  and thats just kiddish!
in this very interesting forum is:  I'm pretty sure it isn't a hunting weapon.  The second amendment is not about hunting.
You're not a Scientologist are you?  Mental Health is determined by Psychologists and if neccesary, sectioning under the relavent legislation.
Serious question given your questioning of who makes decisions regarding mental illness.  Scientology and psychiatry Main articles: Scientology and psychiatry, CCHR, and Psychiatry: An Industry of Death  Scientologists regularly hold anti-psychiatry demonstrations called "Psychbusts"The Church of Scientology is one of a number of groups involved in the anti-psychiatry movement, and one of the few organizations that publicly oppose the study and application of psychology in addition to psychiatry, claiming that psychiatry was responsible for World War I,[247] the rise of Hitler and Stalin,[248] the decline in education standards in the United States,[249] the wars in Bosnia and Kosovo,[250] and the September 11 attacks.[251] The Church's point of view on these issues is documented mainly by Church groups and magazines such as those published by the Citizens Commission on Human Rights and Freedom Magazine.
O.o  I'm not going to dignify O_X's post with a reply.  I trust government to define the world just like I trust you to say something intelligent. So, who defines the world, in the legal sense of the word? The people? The people elect the government, the government defines the world. Better yet, professionals define what they are professional about. That's what is happening here, overseen by a democratically-elected govt.
I was doing some research on the crime rate in the UK, and stumbled across this page:  Knife Culture.  I hope it'll stimulate some thought and discussion on the issue. Thanks for reading!
seekerrr,  Having read through your interminable rant, I would like to pose just one question to you.  If you argue the dubious point that rights come from somewhere outside men's rational mind, do you believe that God gave people the right to view kiddie porn?  After all, the Framers began 1A with the stirring words, "Congress shall make NOLAW..."  Some of the gun nuts on this forum have been saying that I have trouble reading, but do you think the words NO LAW can be construed in any other way than to say NONE WHATSOEVER or NOT A SINGLE ONE?emoticon_smile
grideer,  The First Amendment says a lot more than simply "Congress shall make no law", so you can't go just by that alone.   OK. It says "Congress shall make NO LAW respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof of abridging freedom of speech or of the press, or of the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition the government for a redress of grievances."  Now, what part of NO LAW can be interpreted in a manner other than NONE without destroying the original intent of the framers?:xbanghead
grider,  I'm curios as to just what part of the First Amendment has to do with your precious kiddie porn that you so desperately want.  Trust me, Jack, I don't want it at all. I find even thinking about its being disseminated vile and disgusting.  BTW, don't project your desires on me.  All I want to know is how in the name of the First Amendment it can be banned.  Care to enlighten us? After all, you're the one who kept harping on the literal meaning of the second clause of 2A.  Pray tell us how you can be in favor of a literal reading of one Amendment and then decline to take the same approach to another Amendment.
grider,  Then why in the hell did you even bring up the subject for discussion if it disgusts you so greatly?   Because you and the other gun nuts bleat constantly about the individual right to bear arms as stated, you constantly proclaimed, in the plain meaning of the words of 2A.  We just want to see what limits you are willing to put on the plain meaning of the words of 1A when you are so adamant that 2A be given its literal meaning.  It seems to us that you and your ilk want the Consitution's words to be given their plain meaning when it suits your interests, but you want to twist them out of all their literal meaning when they don't.  You are all victims of the dread disease known as Doublestandarditis.
bhbcu64, I think you argument is confusing the issue by blending together two separate issues regarding the RKBA-the nature of the right (individual/collective) and the scope of the right (absolute/limited). They are independent and must be dealt with in turn.  Let me first address the nature of the right. I agree with your assertion that the founders were "wordsmiths." The nature of the right could not be more plainly stated by them: "the right of the people." This is clearly an expression of an individual right. When these men drafted constitutions, they did not write that states have "rights." They always couched these abilities in terms of "power" and "authority." Only individual citizens have rights.   Look also at the 10th. A. These wordsmiths knew how to write out a reservation of power to the states when they wanted to confer power or authority to them. They didn't do so in the 2nd. A.   The phrase "the right of the people" was used in the 1st., 2nd., and 4th. Amendments. Your collective right argument takes this tack:  The phrase recognizes an individual right in the 1st. A, is mutated into a collective state's "right" in the 2nd. A, only to mutate back into an individual right in the 4th. A.   This argument is incompatible with the assertion our founders were 'wordsmiths." You cannot argue-when confronted with the same phrase being used each time-that the nature of the rights is anything but individual in all three Amendments absent the judicious use of some form of Orwellian "doublespeak."   Now let's talk about the scope of the right. When you speak of "Congress shall make no law" you turn away from the individual nature of the right and begin to take on the second issue: what is the scope of the protected right.  I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope. The absolute literal interpretation of the scope of the RKBA has been a favorite sham argument of gun control advocates for years. See:  http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=155170#post155170   Oh, and I went back and re-addressed your question of the "well regulated" militia:   http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=304997#post304997   I welcome you to read it as well and give me your thoughts.  ---  The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy. Dickerson v. United States, 530 U.S. 428, 455 (2000) (Scalia, dissenting).
keseltron,  [B]The problem with kiddie porn is it's creation, not it's broadcast. Bottom line, kiddie porn is rape, and will not be tolerated.[B]  Agreed absolutely, which is why I want those who produce the stuff prosecuted, and, if convicted in a fair trial, punished as severely as the law allows, but that's not the issue.   Broadcasting it is shameful, but not by it's self a sin.  Which I why I limited my hypothetical to private ownership.  There are laws against it's broadcast, just the same as there are laws against owning weapons. Neither are correct by the constitutional standard.   True, but again not the issue. The issue is more aabout the stream of commerce. As this related to 2A, the lesson of Miller is that firearms having no military use cannot be placed in the stream of commerce.  The plain language of 1A makes the reverse appear to be true. "Press" requires distribution to be press, with, of course, the concomitant right of people to not read it.
Bryan,  I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope.   That may well be your particular belief.  However, the wordsmiths clearly did intend, by their inclusion of the words NO LAW in 1A for the right to be absolute.  What other meaning can these 2 little words be given that are true to their original intent?
mutz,  "If no right is absolute and everything has limitations, how can you argue against limitations imposed on 2a rights?"  A troubling concession. Well played BHB.   Exactly. Go to the head of the class.
grider,  There's a large difference between meaningful limitations for the protection and continued existance and safety of the people, and limitations that exist simply for the sake of existance and have been proven useless.   Please tell us just exactly what the difference is, especially in light of those who think the limitations on 1A are as "useless" as you think the ones on 2A are.
You wanna know the difference involved? Fine.  Meaningful restrictions would include the prohibition of allowing for someone to publicly call for the murder of a group of individuals in an attempt to incite a riot and anger the people listening, which could lead to people getting hurt or killed. Meaningful restrictions are about prohibiting stupid extremists behavior and acts.   Stupid restrictions seek to address problems that don't exist and often times hurt people rather than helping anyone, such as requiring gun owners to report the loss or theft of their firearm 72 hours after they knew or "should have known" of the disappearance.  Meaningful restrictions exist because of genuine problems that demanded their creation.  Stupid restrictions exist because some damn politician didn't like how things were normally run and thought there was room for improvement with more red tape.  I hear you saying that we should draw the line somewhere between "meaningful" and "stupid" restrictions.
grider,  Meaningful restrictions are about prohibiting stupid extremists behavior and acts.    And your definition of "stupid extremists" is...?  Please word your definition in such a way that ALL Americans, not simply those who support your POV, agree.
seeker,  If that process is not followed, but changes are made through activist courts or by legislation which glaringly disregards the laws that give them their powers, that is breaking the law.  You mean like the activist court which, while looking at a magazine, decided that it was not speech or press simply because it contained "obscenity" and therefore not covered by 1A?  Now that's activism; that is breaking the law.  Why am I certain that's not what you were posting about?;)
grider,  If it WAS what you were talking about, welcome to the group of us who believe that 1A means exactly what it says.
Bryan,  I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope.   That may well be your particular belief.  However, the wordsmiths clearly did intend, by their inclusion of the words NO LAW in 1A for the right to be absolute.  What other meaning can these 2 little words be given that are true to their original intent?   Bhbcu64, I only ask that you do not confuse the nature of our rights with the scope of their protection. It is, as you concede, my opinion that none of our rights are absolute-and here again we find ourselves in disagreement.  Here are some questions for your absolutist completely-unlimited-in-any-way-interpretation to ponder:   Do you suggest that our founders intended to abolish the laws prohibiting libel, slander, and conspiracy to commit a crime when they wrote "Congress shall make no law"?   If we accept your absolute unlimited scope argument, then could I not sacrifice an innocent virgin child at sunrise on the winter solstice to appease the sun god to ensure the return of spring?   Could I avoid a charge of murder, or is your argument over the absolute interpretation different when the language is "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof"?   Have we found a ceiling for your interpretation yet, or does your NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTIONS argument become the truth that sets me free?  Can you find a single SCOTUS case (or one from any of the circuit courts of appeals for that matter) which deals with your logic?  I have. It is the 1st. Amendment case of Konigsberg v. States Bar, 366 U.S. 36, 56 (1961). I cited you to this earlier because I thought it would enlighten you to see how SCOTUS dealt with the argument you are making now, and I thought it relevant to this blog site because it mentions the 2nd. Amendment and Miller [In particular, look at footnote 10]:  "At the outset we reject the view that freedom of speech and association ( N. A. A. C. P. v. Alabama, 357 U.S. 449, 460 ), as protected by the First and Fourteenth Amendments, are "absolutes," not only in the undoubted sense that where the constitutional protection exists it must prevail, but also in the sense that the scope of that protection must be gathered solely from a literal reading of the First Amendment. [FOOTNOTE 10] Throughout its history this Court has consistently recognized at least two ways in which constitutionally protected freedom of speech is narrower than an unlimited license to talk. On the one hand, certain forms of speech, or speech in certain contexts, has been considered outside the scope of constitutional protection. [FOOTNOTE 11] See, e. g., Schenck v. United States, 249 U.S. 47; Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, 315 U.S. 568; Dennis v. United States, 341 U.S. 494; Beauharnais v. Illinois, 343 U.S. 250; Yates v. United States, 354 U.S. 298; Roth v. United States, 354 U.S. 476."  Here are the footnotes:  [FOOTNOTE 10] "That view, which of course cannot be reconciled with the law relating to libel, slander, misrepresentation, obscenity, perjury, false advertising, solicitation of crime, complicity by encouragement, conspiracy, and the like, is said to be compelled by the fact that the commands of the First Amendment are stated in unqualified terms: "Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble . . . ." But as Mr. Justice Holmes once said: "[T]he provisions of the Constitution are not mathematical formulas having their essence in their form; they are organic living institutions transplanted from English soil. Their significance is vital not formal; it is to be gathered not simply by taking the words and a dictionary, but by considering their origin and the line of their growth." Gompers v. United States, 233 U.S. 604, 610. In this connection also compare the equally unqualified command of the Second Amendment: "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed." And see United States v. Miller, 307 U.S. 174.  [FOOTNOTE 11] "That the First Amendment immunity for speech, press and assembly has to be reconciled with valid but conflicting governmental interests was clear to Holmes, J. ("I do not doubt for a moment that by the same reasoning that would justify punishing persuasion to murder, the United States constitutionally may punish speech that produces or is intended to produce a clear and imminent danger that it will bring about forthwith certain substantive evils that the United States constitutionally may seek to prevent." Abrams v. United States, 250 U.S. 616, 627); to Brandeis, J. ("But, although the rights of free speech and assembly are fundamental, they are not in their nature absolute." Whitney v. California, 274 U.S. 357, 373); and to Hughes, C. J. ("[T]he protection [of free speech] even as to previous restraint is not absolutely unlimited." Near v. Minnesota, 283 U.S. 697, 716.)"  You may disagree, but SCOTUS has always ruled against you on this issue. If you ever want to change either mine or the Court's mind on this point, then you must come up with an argument that goes beyond "because that's what I think." Is there anything, anywhere, from any time in our nation's history which supports your absolute unlimited scope interpretation argument? I am genuinely curious to know if you have something which has yet to be revealed.  ---  "The issue, however, is not whether court rules are "mutable"; they assuredly are. It is not whether, in the light of "various circumstances," they can be "modifi[ed]"; they assuredly can. The issue is whether, as mutated and modified, they must make sense. The requirement that they do so is the only thing that prevents this Court from being some sort of nine-headed Caesar, giving thumbs-up or thumbs-down to whatever outcome, case by case, suits or offends its collective fancy." Dickerson v. United States, 530 U.S. 428, 455 (2000) (Scalia, dissenting).
Bryan,  Do you suggest that our founders intended to abolish the laws prohibiting libel, slander, and conspiracy to commit a crime when they wrote "Congress shall make no law"?   I don't know, and I'm sure that YOU don't, either, although the SCOTUS nearly abolished the law of libel as it applies to people in the public eye in NY Times v. Sullivan.  That's exactly my point.  It seems hypocritical at best for the gun nuts to insist that the words "NO LAW" in 1A must be interpreted until all the meaning of those two little words is stripped bare and yet insist that the words of 2A must be given their literal meaning.
I'm going to offer you some advice, bhbcu64: You should really read cases before you argue they support your position. And when you get the holding wrong because you don't bother to read them, you should at least get them wrong enough to help your position.   Do you realize that your own interpretation of this case cuts against your absolutist argument?   When you incorrectly say that SCOTUS "nearly abolished," aren't you agreeing the interpretation should be "Congress shall make nearly no law"? Is this what you mean by "[t]hat's exactly my point"?   I have read Sullivan before. It does not say what you want it to say. It was a libel suit brought by a public official in Alabama who became upset over a paid political advertisement that was run in the Times:  "The advertisement included statements, some of which were false, about police action allegedly directed against students who participated in a civil rights demonstration and against a leader of the civil rights movement; respondent claimed the statements referred to him because his duties included supervision of the police department." New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254, 254 (1964)  Sullivan claimed the false statements libeled him. The case was tried under Alabama's "libelous per se" law, which only required proof that the statements were false and did not require a showing that the publisher of the statement acted with actual malice. The Times appealed to SCOTUS and asked SCOTUS to use the 14th. Amendment to declare the Alabama law violated the 1st. Amendment.  Read your case, bhbcu64. SCOTUS merely held that in a libel action a public official cannot rely upon a "libelous per se" state law, and the 1st. Amendment required proof that the statement was not only false but was made with malice:  "The constitutional guarantees require, we think, a federal rule that prohibits a public official from recovering damages for a defamatory falsehood relating to his official conduct unless he proves that the statement was made [page 280] with 'actual malice' - that is, with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not." Id. at 279-280.  SCOTUS did not "nearly abolish" the law of libel. All it did was establish what proof must be met before an official can win a libel suit. This case cuts against your position.  That's exactly my point.   I tell you what: If I were ever reckless enough to ask you to defend me on a charge of murder by human sacrifice, then by all means please make the absolute "Congress shall make no law" argument. Just don't cite Sullivan to the judge....  ---  "Reason means truth and those who are not governed by it take the chance that someday the sunken fact will rip the bottom out of their boat." Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Bryan,  SCOTUS did not &#8220;nearly abolish&#8221; the law of libel. All it did was establish what proof must be met before an official can win a libel suit. This case cuts against your position.   Silly you, not getting that the SCOTUS set the bar so high in a libel suit as to de facto eliminate libel as it relates to a publlic official.  Where is the mind reader with sufficient ability to discern when and where a newspaper is acting with "actual malice"?  If the bar is so high as to be out of reach, the net effect is to abolish the cause of action entirely.
grider,  The bar really isn't set that high, you just have to supply proof that the statement was false and made by someone who knew that it was false.  Sorry, that's not ALL Sullivan stands for.  Do you know what actual malice means in the law?  I suggest you might start with Black's Law Dictionary.
seekerr,  Umm....because you're the only one talking about the 1st Amendment in a 2nd Amendment thread perhaps?  I just hope that you remember that the same SCOTUS which can read things into one Amendment that are not there can read things out of another one that you seem to think are there.  As the great Chief Justice John Marshall declared, "The Constitution is most definitely what the judges say it is."
Bhbcu64, I don&#8217;t want to keep hitting you here over a 1st. Amendment issue. It&#8217;s just that your misinterpretation of the 1st. affects the credibility of your interpretation of the 2nd.   Please read the Sullivan case before you post on it again. SCOTUS is not using the Black&#8217;s definition of &#8220;malice.&#8221; If you had read both, then you would have realized that Black&#8217;s definition of malice is a different, criminal context definition. This is what SCOTUS said: &#8220;'actual malice' &#8212; that is, with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not.&#8221; (which, when you think about it, is also a fair description of your arguments). In later cases this standard came to be known by the name &#8220;New York Times malice.&#8221; You would not so easily confuse it with the Black&#8217;s definition of &#8220;malice&#8221; if you would read your case.   Now to answer your mocking &#8220;where are the mind readers&#8221; question: Sullivan tells you this if you would bother to read your case. Justice Brennan, writing for the majority, decided to play the mind reader, starting with this paragraph:  &#8220;Since respondent may seek a new trial, we deem that considerations of effective judicial administration require us to review the evidence in the present record to determine [Page 285] whether it could constitutionally support a judgment for respondent. This Court's duty is not limited to the elaboration of constitutional principles; we must also in proper cases review the evidence to make certain that those principles have been constitutionally applied. This is such a case, particularly since the question is one of alleged trespass across &#8216;the line between speech unconditionally guaranteed and speech which may legitimately be regulated.&#8217;&#8221; New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254, 284-285 (1964) (bold emphasis added).  Now here is another question for you: How do you continue to have faith in your NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTIONS argument when the case you cite for this position agrees that a line exists &#8220;between speech unconditionally guaranteed and speech which may legitimately be regulated&#8221;?  Again, you really should bother to read your case before you allow me to use it against you. The first rule of debating is to make sure your arguments are internally consistent. Your posts raise a new and novel question touching on this rule: Are your arguments really inconsistent when you don&#8217;t realize that they are?   Now I am also curious to know if you did any research before you made this statement:  If the bar is so high as to be out of reach, the net effect is to abolish the cause of action entirely.  Do you want me to cite you cases which made it over the bar?  I am enjoying our discussion, Bhbcu64, but I&#8217;ve got to tell you: If you won&#8217;t bother to research what you are saying then you&#8217;re acting like a blind man, in a dark room, trying to catch a black cat that isn&#8217;t there. I&#8217;m offering to turn on the light for you, but I can&#8217;t make you open your eyes.   Now I have answered all your questions again. If you are still wedded to your No LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTION argument, then go ahead and answer my &#8220;human sacrifice example&#8221; question. It does not appear you could do any worse with that one.
Bryan,  How do you continue to have faith in your NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTIONS argument when the case you cite for this position agrees that a line exists &#8220;between speech unconditionally guaranteed and speech which may legitimately be regulated&#8221;?   You STILL don't get it, do you?  Brennan's opinion ought to make you gun nuts shake in your tidy whities.  What he is saying is that the SCOTUS claims the right to interpret "NO LAW" from 1A out of all existence.  If the SCOTUS can claim that some speech, despite the absolute terms of 1A, can "legitimately be regulated" what is to stop the SCOTUS from saying that some provisions of of 2A may also "legitimately be regulated"?  All it will take is for President Obama to replace 3 or 4 Justices, which seems more and more likely, to bring about that happy outcome.  Doesn't the phrase "legitimately be regulated" strike fear into you and your ilk?  If I were in your position, I would be afraid, very afraid.
Seeker,  So, is the intent of the 2nd Amendment to protect an individual right to keep and bear arms or not as far as you're concerned?  It is my fond hope that the SCOTUS will rule that way.  I favor the Canadian rules on gun ownership.  The thought that, when I walk down the street, I do not know who is or is not armed fills me with dread.
Grider,  Only criminals have any reason at all to be afraid of people being armed, so what's that say for you?   Care to tell that to the families of those murdered at Virginia Tech, Auburn, UNC, etc., all of whom were killed by people carrying firearms that were legally obtained?  Nope, because you don't have the stones to do so.   What crimes did those innocents commit that should have made them afraid of weapons-toting crazies?  All sizzle - no fajita.  Now you really turn my stomach with your absurdities.
grider,  Let me ask you again. What is it that you do, that makes you afraid of law-abiding citizens who are legally carrying guns to protect themselves? Are you a rapist? A mugger? A murderer? A carjacker? A pothead?   "None of the above" fits quite well, thank you.  BTW, the UNC and Auburn gun victims were off campus.  BTW #2, if the state can ban guns at schools, they have the power to ban them everywhere.  Be very afraid!
Angels and ministers of grace defend us! Bhbcu64 has finally agreed with something I have said.   Today you tell me that Sullivan would support the view that none of our rights, including the RKBA, is absolute-and that SCOTUS feels it has the power to define their limits (And you say I should be afraid). Today you complain: You STILL don't get it, do you?  Oh, what a tangled web you weave, bhbcu64! It appears a brief history lessen is now in order:   I'm the one that gave you this argument to begin with. I started in this thread with you by giving that very same "no right is absolute" explanation. Back then you disagreed with the very position you take today. Surely you remember my original position and your response? You quoted mine back to me when you disagreed with me then (and your own self now):  Bryan, I have never argued that any of our rights is absolute in scope.  That may well be your particular belief. However, the wordsmiths clearly did intend, by their inclusion of the words NO LAW in 1A for the right to be absolute. What other meaning can these 2 little words be given that are true to their original intent?  That was only three days ago, my friend. Can't you remember now that we started with my arguing that no right is absolute and you went off on an absolute NO LAW = NO POSSIBLE RESTRICTION 1st. amendment argument?  Do you remember I then called you out by citing authority which contradicts your view, and more importantly I challenged you to give me a single case which supports your view?  You applied you powers of research, and do you remember your response? You cited Sullivan and claimed it supported your view. In particular, you claimed it: "nearly abolished the law of libel as it applies to people in the public eye."   Do you remember how I then said "no it didn't"? Do you remember how I quoted you the language from the case to prove this. More importantly, don't you remember that I asked this follow up: When you incorrectly say that SCOTUS "nearly abolished," aren't you agreeing the interpretation should be "Congress shall make nearly no law"?  You remembered it then, because you immediately jumped to correct this obvious contradiction with your argument by spinning it this way:   SCOTUS set the bar so high in a libel suit as to de facto eliminate libel as it relates to a public official. If the bar is so high as to be out of reach, the net effect is to abolish the cause of action entirely.  You went on to claim libel was abolished because no one could make the factual determination set forth in Sullivan. Your mocking question asked "where were the mind readers?".   Don't you remember that I then re-cited you to the case you still have not read to prove you wrong about it again? Do you remember how I showed you how you were also applying the wrong definition of malice? Do you remember how I answered your "mind readers" question? I pointed out where in the case the SCOTUS justices described how they felt they could be your mind readers. I directly cited a quote from the case which destroys your "Sullivan stands for NO LAW = NO RESTRICTIONS argument." I'm sure you noticed that I threatened to throw subsequent cases at you which found libel in spite of your claimed "de facto" ban. Have you so soon forgotten how I chided you again for not reading and understanding your case?  Now, today, you try today to take all that history back and pretend this was not the real reason you cited the case. Today you tell me the real reason you cited it is because you believe Sullivan stands for the position that SCOTUS believes no right is absolute.   How quickly you have forgotten that this was the very position I had adopted when we started! How very quickly you have forgotten that your original argument was not only directly contradictory to what you say now, but that you actually claimed that Sullivan stood for your absolutist position!   Thank you for at last agreeing that I was right when I first started this discussion with you, even if you want to pretend to have forgotten that was my position all along. Here it is, cited to you again:  http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=155170#post155170  Oh, and not that I want you to fanaticize any further about my underwear, but for your information I prefer boxer briefs-they are so much more comfortable.  Now before I go let me throw a shout out to some of the other bloggers here:  Hey Dr. No and Ghost Rider! One of you guys need to call the police and report the theft of portable goalposts! You know, the ones bhbcu64 tried to leave at both your front doors-and which he repossessed in the darkness of this early morning.   ---  I also note that you ae engaged in goalpost shifting. (bhbcu64 response to Dr. No in U.S. v. Miller thread, posted 3/3/08)  Wow! Those goalpossts sure are portable in your hands, old chap. (bhbcu64 response to Ghost Rider in U.S. v. Miller thread, posted 3/4/08)
Bryan,  How quickly you have forgotten that this was the very position I had adopted when we started! How very quickly you have forgotten that your original argument was not only directly contradictory to what you say now, but that you actually claimed that Sullivan stood for your absolutist position!  You're exactly 180 degrees out of phase here, old chap.  It is the gun crowd which claims an absolutist position under 2A without a single word in the Constitution to support that POV.  What I have been saying all along is that, even in the face of the absolutist terms of 1A (NO LAW), the SCOTUS has interpreted that out of all rational meaning.  What you need to be very afraid of is that the SCOTUS will reject YOUR absolutist position on 2A, which has far less underpinning it in its text than 1A does and rule in a way you will truly dislike.  Now, please try to read this as slowly as I have typed it. Maybe you'll get it.emoticon_love
grider,  You see, unlike YOU we're actually reasonable people, and we're fully willing to accept restrictions so long as they're perfectly reasonable.   And, as we know, REASONABLE people can differ in their understanding of the definition of the word "reasonable".  You say 2A permits the private ownership of firearms. You call that reasonable. I call that unreasonable.  I would like to see firearms, except for hunting guns, extirpated from the USA. I call that reasonable. You call it unreasonable.  It's a push!
What I have been saying all along is that, even in the face of the absolutist terms of 1A (NO LAW), the SCOTUS has interpreted that out of all rational meaning.   Actually no, bhcbu64, it took you several times of assuming the position and yelling "thank you sir may I have another" before I disabused you of the opposite view. It was only this morning that you finally agreed with what I have been saying all along.   What you need to be very afraid of is that the SCOTUS will reject YOUR absolutist position on 2A....  Actually no, I have never assumed that view. Between us I have always been the one to argue that the scope of the individual RKBA is limited, and can be subject to rational limitation. But you knew that. I have posted this view in every response I have given you in this thread.   Now you're just being deliberately dishonest (again).   I'm glad you're slowing down your typing speed. Consider, however, that no one here is judging you on a words-per-minute basis. What we are judging is how little thought and veracity goes into what you type, regardless of its speed.  ---  "Do not veil the truth with falsehood, nor conceal the truth knowingly." The Koran, 2:42
HMMM!  Could it be that there is dissension among the gun nuts as to just what the word "reasonable" means?  Look at the previous two posts. One guy thinks a reasonable restriction would be to prevent felons from ever again possessing firearms; the other one calls this unreasonable.  Well, Glory be!!emoticon_xangel
grider,  There's dissension among the ranks of gun-haters as to just what the word "reasonable" means as well.    No argument there.  Seems as though we need to let the courts resolve the matter. That's their function under Article III and Marbury.
grider & seekerr,  We gun control advocates will sit this one out by being on the sidelines with smiles on our faces.  How about you two duel it out?  Do pistols at ten paces sound good to you?  Worked for Burr, Hamilton, and Old Hickory.
seekerr,  But here, you don't agree or disagree, instead you just try to foment discord between two people trying to have a civil conversation.  Sorry, Jack, but I'm not fomenting anything.  You and the grider are having quite a set-to; we're just sitting back, watching, and grinning.  I hope you do enjoy the cannon that that old gun-grabber ghost rider is trying to snatch from your cold, dead hands.:)
Ahhhm, so Brady is a liar. Noted.
You two! Take your biblical debate elsewhere! This is a discussion about how banning guns will only save the lives of the criminals, not the regular people.  You're going to have to make a new thread. Once AA starts on the biblical threats and the whole "you twisted my words" tirades the thread's value goes to zero.
Except I can't see Jesus owning, carrying, or using a gun. Can you? Um, what does Jesus have to do with this subject? Is that the best you can do?
AA is a self declared Evangelical Fundie. Where he's concerned the Bible comes into everything, including this. Perhaps, but what was stated has nothing to do with the topic at hand. Nothing.
Militia members should keep their muzzle-loaders cleaned and ready for defence of their nation. Civilians with other types of gun should be shot on sight by them.
Penfold, Load up that muzzle with sarcasm!! Well, perhaps not.  It will likely zoom over his head like your previous post.
Why would he do that? He's a crook, not a murderer.
That's not funny.   It was not intended to be so. Your mildly paranoiac idea of a burglar's raison d'etre might be interpreted as such.
I'm going to get into the discussion because I disagree with a few things iangb has said.  1. "Attacking someone is not defending yourself. Attacking someone is attack. A gun is an offensive weapon, not defensive - if you want to defend your home, buy a decent burglar alarm and/or surveillance equipment, or a safe room."  I disagree. The right of self defense is often referred to as "the first law of nature." It's has been recognized since time immemorial to be a legitimate reaction to an attack. The legal limit of that reaction may vary across jurisdictions, but it is typically limited by language similar to the following: "the force used in self-defense must be reasonable in relation to the harm threatened, and no person may use deadly force in self-defense unless he reasonably feared, under the circumstances as they appeared to him, that he was in danger of being killed or that he was in danger of great bodily harm."  Firearms are merely one tool that may be used to defend yourself. They provide the weak with the means to resist the life-threatening attack of the strong.   If a woman were being attacked in her kitchen by a knife wielding and much stronger man, and she killed him in self defense, would you praise or at least excuse her for saving her own life by stabbing him with a butcher knife taken from her drawer, but condemn her if she shot him with a handgun she kept in her purse?  2. "but I would add in the extra condition that 'self defence' is not a valid reason for owning a gun. See the UK system of gun ownership."  For the reasons above I would disagree with this statement. But to take it further, I do not believe I am required to provide a "valid reason" for the peaceful exercise of this right anymore than I must give a "valid reason" why I go to a non-state-sponsored church, speak my mind freely here, or buy a good book or newspaper. I have reasons, but unless and until the 9 headed Caesar decides that the RKBA is to be struck from my nation's charter (and that decision is due any day now) then I don't have to provide them before I get permission to exercise this right.   3. "If a 'right' puts innocents at risk, it shouldn't be a 'right'."  I disagree with this assertion. There are a number of people who have said similar things about the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure, the right to remain silent, the right of habeas corpus, and the right of counsel. The question I have is how far would you carry your statement? If I were to use your statement as a justification for limiting these other rights, then how would you respond?   But perhaps the better question is what right does anyone else have to demand that I surrender my firearms?   ---  "And indeed, gentlemen, there exists a law, not written down anywhere but written in our hearts; a law which comes to us not by training or custom or reading but by derivation and absorption and adoption from nature itself; a law which has come to us not by theory but from practice, not by instruction but by natural intuition. I refer to the law which lays it down that, if our lives are endangered by plots or violence or armed robbers or enemies, any and every method of protecting ourselves is morally right. When weapons reduce them to silence, the laws no longer expect one to await their pronouncements. For people who decide to wait for these will have to wait for justice, too--and meanwhile they must suffer injustice first. Indeed, even the wisdom of the law itself, by a sort of tacit implication, permits self- defense, because it does not actually forbid men to kill; what it does, instead, is to forbid the bearing of a weapon with the intention to kill. When, therefore, an inquiry passes beyond the mere question of the weapon and starts to consider the motive, a man who has used arms in self-defense is not regarded as having carried them with homicidal aim". Cicero, Selected Political Speeches, p. 222 (M. Grant, trans. 1975)  "If a slave, says Plato, defends himself, and kills a freeman, he ought to be treated as a parricide. This is a civil law which punishes self-defense, though dictated by nature. . . .It is unreasonable. . .to oblige a man not to attempt the defense of his own life. . . .Who does not see that self-defense is a duty superior to every precept. . . .[T]he laws of an Italian republic, where bearing fire-arms is punished as a capital crime and where it is not more fatal to make an ill use of them than to carry them, is not agreeable to the nature of things." Montesquieu, The Spirit of Laws, pp. 59, 60, 64, and 79-80 (trans. T. Nugent, 1899).
I'm sorry, iangb, I may have misunderstood what you meant when you said this:   "Attacking someone is not defending yourself. Attacking someone is attack. A gun is an offensive weapon, not defensive - if you want to defend your home, buy a decent burglar alarm and/or surveillance equipment, or a safe room."  This appeared to me to be an argument that self defense cannot exist if a gun is used. Do you believe that a gun can never be used in self-defense?   Now I would like to address a few of your responses to me in your most recent post:  1. "What I do have, is the problem shown here and here (all references to 'shoot them first'). This is the way that gun use seems to be taking America."  There may be a belief that defensive gun use in America is trending into some cartoonish Daffy Duck opinion of how to handle problems ("Shoot him now! Shoot him now!") But I would say as an American citizen and someone who is intimately familiar with crime, including gun crime, that there is no such trend, despite your citing two statements from fellow posters here.   When my home state of Virginia streamlined and relaxed its CCW permit process about 15 years ago the consensus was many more Virginians would get permits and carry concealed. That belief was certainly born out. The alarmist cries of "there will be blood" have long since faded, however, and those who uttered them retired in silence when their prophecy of shootouts in stores and on the streets by untrained, ill-prepared, and trigger happy CCW permit holders proved false. These same prophets resurfaced in the more recent debate in Florida, where the law was changed granting greater authority to citizens to use firearms to defend themselves outside their homes. We saw similar alarmist claims that Florida would become the "Gunshine State" and we would see a spike in handgun violence by CCW permit holders in situations like "shootings by enraged drivers at accident scenes."   Where are all these false prophets today?  2. "Or provide the weak with an oppertunity to threaten and attack the strong. It works both ways."  (and from our discussion of my "woman with knife v. gun" defense scenario) "If the woman killed the man with a knife or a gun when there was no threat to her, I would condemn it."  Absolutely. I agree with this completely. If a firearm is used to threaten/wound/kill outside of legitimate self-defense, then I think we can agree to call this a gun crime. This is how I choose to respond to any gun crime:   I do not believe that we should blame the sword for the hand that wields it. What we should do instead is hold those who are a fault accountable-the person who chose to commit a wrongful act through an unjustifiable motive, be it anger, hatred, revenge, greed, etc. We should seek to hold accountable the person who knew right from wrong, who understood the nature and consequences of his actions, and who made a conscious choice to shoot someone and take their life without a shred of legitimate excuse or justification. This is how I respond to gun crime.  You may agree or disagree. As I have not asked your opinion on this subject yet I do not know.  What I do see from you is a desire to go further in response to gun crime and target peaceable citizens-men and women for whom their government cannot articulate even the slightest hint of suspicion or imputation of having committed an offense. The RKBA is a fundamental right, and I believe it will be a sad day when it becomes the general policy of my government to punish the innocent for the crimes of the guilty by depriving them of this right.  3. "Fair enough, but I am arguing to limit that right, so this doesn't much convince me."   I want to make sure then that I understand your position. Are you agreeing that what I call the RKBA is a "right," or is it merely a custom or permitted practice? Regardless of whether it is a "right" or not, are you then advocating greater than present limits on the right as opposed to a total ban or private firearm ownership/possession?  4. "The main argument for the historical context of the right to bear arms is the means to form a millitia against an invading army - somewhat out of date, 250 years later."  I must respectfully yet completely disagree here. There is absolutely no evidence to suggest the main argument in favor of a militia system was that it was intended to protect my nation from external enemies. The Founders of my nation did not fight against an invading army. They fought against the standing army of their own government. The "main argument" for the militia system arose from a very real fear of a standing army and its use by a domestic tyrant as an instrument of his tyranny. The militia clause of the 2nd. Amendment is nothing more than a restatement of this important principle: "That a well-regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained to arms, is the proper, natural, and safe defense of a free state; that standing armies, in time of peace, should be avoided, as dangerous to liberty." (cite in link below). I defy anyone to show how this primary original intent has become less relevant with the passage of time.  Before you respond, please read and also give me your thoughts on this:  http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=98925#post98925   5. "Simply quoting the constitution can not justify it - the only thing that this seems to be allowed for is 'holy' texts, on the basis that they are dictated by higher powers."  Then I am ashamed to admit we have been going about it all wrong here for the last two centuries. Criminal suspects merely have to say "I plead the fifth" to avoid an interrogation. They are not required to justify why the 5th. Amendment says they have a right to remain silent, or why they feel it necessary to invoke this right. Homeowners can likewise freely deny officers permission to search their homes absent an authorizing search warrant, and motorists can freely refuse to consent to a search of their car absent the officer having probable cause to do so during a stop for speeding. In neither case are they required to justify to the officers involved why my Founders thought it important to include the 4th. Amendment in the BoR, nor are they required to justify/explain themselves further when the officer says "If you don't have anything to hide then why not let me search...."  6. "Heh, nice question. But again, it is based on the current constitution. Should guns be controlled, that would give people the right to demand that you surrender your weapons, just as the state currently demends that you hand over all terrorists, drugs and illegal material."  Again I want to be clear. Does this mean you believe the current interpretation of my Constitution recognizes an individual RKBA (which may or may not change this week with the pending gun case opinion)?  Now assume that SCOTUS says the government can demand that I surrender my guns. Tell me how you justify that demand-tell me why you believe I cannot be trusted with a firearm.   ---  "Nothing will make a nation so unconquerable as a militia, or every man's being trained to arms. . . . And if the generality of housekeepers were only half disciplined, a designing prince, or ministry, would hardly dare to provoke the people by an open attack on their liberties. . . .But without the people's having some knowledge of arms, I see not what is to secure them against slavery. . . .The confidence, which a standing army gives a minister, puts him upon carrying things with a higher hand, than he would attempt to do, if the people were armed, and the court unarmed, that is, if there were no land-force in the nation, but a militia. Had we [ England ] at this time no standing army, we should not think of forcing money out of the pockets of three millions of our subjects. .[a long list of injustices suffered by the colonists is omitted here] . .There is no end to observations on the difference between the measures likely to be pursued by a minister backed by a standing army, and those of a court awed by the fear of an armed people." James Burgh, 2 Political Disquisitions, pp. 390 and 475-76. ( London 1774).  "The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to allow the subject races to possess arms. History shows that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by so doing. Indeed, I would go so far as to say that the supply of arms to the underdogs is a sine qua non for the overthrow of any sovereignty. So let's not have any native militia or native police. German troops alone will bear the sole responsibility for the maintenance of law and order throughout the occupied Russian territories, and a system of military strong-points must be evolved to cover the entire occupied country." Adolf Hitler, dinner talk on April 11, 1942, quoted in Hitler's Table Talk 1941-44: His Private Conversations, Second Edition (1973), Pg. 425-426.
I was going to do much research for arguing against gun control... but I happily stumbled on this document. See here.  All the arguments by gun control advocates are addressed (as far as I can read). So it seems to me, gun control laws are really just a way for others, who claim they are more "evolve" to impose their own set of morals on the rest of us.  Sort of like the profetallife screamers!!!
I'm for a few laws, like keeping them away from felons, mentally, etc those kinds of things. I am NOT for complete bans on certain type of firearm (i.e Assault Weapons, etc), or licensing (it's useless), registering, or banning gun shows (evidence shows that a very small percentage of criminals get them at gun shows, there is no point in banning them), safety locks (that is the responsibility of the owner), requirements on guns to be safe (chamber loaded indicators, magazine disconnects, the latter which can cause a fire arm to be unreliable).
I don't know of too many felons that have killed people with their right against unreasonable search and seizure, or right to due process, or their right to a speedy trial...do you? No right should be viewed as absolute. The 1st amendment ensures freedom of speech, but does that give you the right to stand up in a crowded movie theater and yell "fire"? Laws can and do prevent people from obtaining guns, although many others simply skirt around those laws.  You do know that murder is against the law, right?
Is the Death Penalty good for society ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/death_penalty.HTM
i am not aginst nor for the death penality  it does not serve a real purpose, it does not scare anyone away from doing something to deserve it  but on the other hand, some people just dont deserve to live, like that phyco guy that killed innocent neighboors, cut them up and put them in their freezer
ya patriot  i dont understand that either  i remember seeing on tv a guy who was sentanced back in the mid 80s and just now getting the needle  is there a reason for this?
I am not to informed on this topic so I will refrain from burdening this thread with my opinion for now. But are there any stats available showing countries/states with the death penalty have a higher/lower crime rate? And if there are could the stats be linked to another cause? I am going to start some research on the topic.
Until someone shows me something besides "because DSA said so" I do not believe the 15 murders prevented stat.   Though I am honored by the prestige :)  For the record, the stat was from a study done by Stephen K. Layson of the University of North Carolina.
"No one who's testicles are crushed or who's penis is cut off shall enter the house of the lord." - Deut. 23:1  I'm sorry, but that's not what my version said. "No one who has been emasculated by crushing or cutting may enter the assembly of the LORD ." Emasculated = castrated Emasculation was not an accident. (What this verse has to do with the death penalty is beyond me.)  "Illegitimate children shall not be admitted to the assembly of the Lord, nor shall any of their generations, not even 10 generations down." - Deut. 23:2  Different version here too. "No one born of a forbidden marriage nor any of his descendants may enter the assembly of the LORD , even down to the tenth generation." Forbidden: not permitted or allowed  "If someone has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not obey his father and mother...they shall take him to the gates of that town...and all the men of the town shall stone him." - Deut. 21:18  Amazing how you simply took out the parts of the verse that didn't support your arguement. "If a man has a stubborn and rebellious son who does not obey his father and mother and will not listen to them when they discipline him, his father and mother shall take hold of him and bring him to the elders at the gate of his town. They shall say to the elders, "This son of ours is stubborn and rebellious. He will not obey us. He is a profligate and a drunkard." Then all the men of his town shall stone him to death. You must purge the evil from among you. All Israel will hear of it and be afraid." Profligate:completely given up to dissipation and licentiousness. Licentiousness:lacking legal or moral restraints; especially : disregarding sexual restraints  "When you go to war against your enemies...suppose you see a beautiful woman whom you desire...you shall take her..and she shall marry you." - Deut. 21:10  Read to the very end of the verse. "If you are not pleased with her, let her go wherever she wishes. You must not sell her or treat her as a slave, since you have dishonored her."   "If it (the town) accepts your terms of peace and surrender, then all of its inhabitants shall serve you inslavery." - Deut. 20:11  Read the entire verse and don't edit out parts of it."When you march up to attack a city, make its people an offer of peace. If they accept and open their gates, all the people in it shall be subject to forced labor and shall work for you. If they refuse to make peace and they engage you in battle, lay siege to that city." Hmmmm...death or slavery. Wow, that's a hard choice.  "If it doesn't submit to you peacefully then you shall besiege it...and put all it's males to the sword...and take the women and children as you spoils." - Deut. 20:12 - Love your enemies????  Just another example of using a verse meant for personal use and applying it to wars. Sorry, just doesn't work that way.  "When a slaveowner strikes his slave with a rod and the slave immediately dies, the owner shall be punished. If however the slave lives for a few days, then the owner shall not be punished for the slave is his property." - Exodus 21:20  A slave was a piece of property taken after a war. Slavery back then was completely different then it is now.  "If evidence of the young woman's (newly married) virginity is not found ...then the woman shall be brought to the house of her father and the men of the town shall stone her." - Deut. 22:20  "She has done a disgraceful thing in Israel by being promiscuous while still in her father's house." Promiscuous:not restricted to one sexual partner (Kinda like a prostitute.)  "If a man is found lying with the wife of another, both shall die." - Deut. 20:22  Yeah, it's called "adultery". Consequences are there to deter people from doing wrong.   fallingupwards: The laws are still applicable, we just don't use them.
If there is even a hint of ones innocences, they should NOT be locked up to begin with. Dont you meen 'reasonable doubt'?
Or" doubting the reasoning"? Why should one suffer for that? If there is even a hint of ones innocences, they should NOT be locked up to begin with.    The word 'hint is too vast. Take for instance ,a man is up for murder .All evidence is pointing against him.His brother testifies that he could not have done it because he saw his brother flying away on a ufo to venus at the time of the murder. ISNT THAT A "HINT"?
Death-penalty trial for Oklahoma bomb accomplice could backfire on FBI  By Andrew Gumbel in Los Angeles 01 March 2004  Oklahoma prosecutors have one simple but provocative goal in dragging Timothy McVeigh's friend and convicted accomplice, Terry Nichols, back into court today: not satisfied with the life sentence he is already serving, they want to send him to the death chamber for his role in the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building.  As the trial gets under way, however, a flurry of new evidence promises to demonstrate quite the opposite of what the prosecutors are hoping to prove: that Nichols, far from being a key player in the conspiracy, was a relatively marginal figure, and that a gang of neo-Nazi bank robbers, hitherto ignored by federal and state prosecutors, had a far more prominent role.  In other words, what is intended to be an exercise in judicial "closure" for bereaved Oklahomans could end up demolishing the FBI's theory of how the worst peacetime atrocity on American soil before 11 September 2001 happened.  Already, the FBI has acknowledged destroying evidence linking the bank robbers to the bombing, for reasons that have yet to be made clear. An array of colourful witnesses - including McVeigh's best friend on Death Row and the self-proclaimed ringleader of the bank robbery gang - are expected to substantiate that evidence in testimony and add details of their own.  For most of the past eight and a half years, the government has claimed that McVeigh was the lone mastermind behind the bombing. Nichols, an old army buddy of McVeigh's and a fellow white supremacist, was accused of a robbery that supposedly provided financing for the operation. He was also said to have helped to build the bomb in the days before the attack.  When the case came to court the first time, McVeigh was sentenced to death - he was executed in June 2001 - while Nichols got life. Their trials took place in federal court, which meant that technically the only murders that could be laid at the pair's door were those of eight federal employees.  That left another 160 victims, ordinary Oklahomans including 19 children blown up in a day care centre, some of whose families felt justice had not been fully done on their behalf. Successive Oklahoma attorneys general pondered whether to bring Nichols back to trial in state court, and eventually chose to do so - even though it is unusual for someone not accused of direct involvement in a killing to be considered eligible for the death penalty.  Nichols has assembled a crack team of defence lawyers attracted not so much by him as by the opportunity to get at the long-buried truth of what transpired in Oklahoma City on the morning of 19 April 1995.  The link to the bank robbery gang, known as the Aryan Republican Army, is the subject of an FBI internal investigation. Last week, the FBI announced that it was looking into reports that it had failed to produce documents at the earlier trials of McVeigh and Nichols demonstrating a link to the ARA and undermining much of the case against Nichols. It also acknowledged internal documents showing that crucial evidence was destroyed - including blasting caps found in the ARA's possession which came from a quarry that McVeigh and Nichols robbed.  The ARA robbed 22 banks, most of them in the Midwest, over a two-year period in the early 1990s, and the alternative theory of the Oklahoma City bombing holds that the money they stole financed what was meant to be the opening blast in an all-out war against the federal government. The ARA's members were arrested in 1996 and - with the exception of one central member who apparently hanged himself in his jail cell - were tried and imprisoned on bank robbery charges alone.  The ARA's ringleader, Pete Langan, himself serving a life sentence, is on the witness list in the Nichols trial and has told reporters he will offer hard evidence incriminating five people in the bombing beside McVeigh. He is not, however, offering to incriminate himself.  Another extraordinary witness will be David Hammer, a native Oklahoman who became close to McVeigh on Death Row and claims that McVeigh told him about the link to the ARA in great detail. Hammer, who is due to be executed in June for the murder of a cell mate, is a lifelong criminal who has been likened to the fictional serial murderer Hannibal Lecter for his fiendish intelligence and propensity for extreme violence.
Do you think that a criminal that faces life in prison should have the right to choose to be put to death instead?  If yes, why?  If not, why not?
No.  Criminals that are sentenced to life forfeit all rights that they might have had or want to have.  Death as an escape mechanism for punishment should not be allowed.
No.  Criminals that are sentenced to life forfeit all rights that they might have had or want to have.  Death as an escape mechanism for punishment should not be allowed.  I agree entirely. Death is a much kinder sentence than life in prison, if you are sentenced to life, you should get to suffer for the whole bit.
I agree entirely. Death is a much kinder sentence than life in prison, if you are sentenced to life, you should get to suffer for the whole bit.   Funny how people who are "for" capital punishment don't see it that way...
Funny how people who are "for" capital punishment don't see it that way...  I am "for" capital punishment... but if a criminal shows a desire for death over a life sentence, I prefer to be sadistic.
I suppose I am less of an "eye for an eye" person and more of an "eye and both your legs for an eye" person when it comes to dealing with those deserving of capital punishment.  That's just my personal opinion though, and I can see your point about the corruption of the legal system.
That was some pretty interesting info on execution methods.
What does the D.C. in Washington, D.C. stand for?
hell no they shouldnt have the right to choose. they f**** up and they dont have any rights to anything anymore. once you make a decision to kill someone(self defense doesnt count) or rape, or whatever the case is i dont think they need their rights anymore..  :xbanghead -Bettie_Page05 emoticon_xchicken
No. They are no longer making the decisions and therefore should not be allowed to pick.   However, if a criminal requests the death penalty, are there retrials to ensure the state isn't killing a innocent person?
Not true if the inmate asks to die before exhausting every possible appeal.  That is the question I asked. If they still choose death, is the state mandated to at least try one appeal?   Appeals and retrials after such a request is currently cloudy.   zachvac: yes the penalty has issues, I'm not going to even bother contesting that. I agree. We shouldn't be executing people like we do now, but I do think we SHOULD get rid of a few individuals who cannot be controlled or rehabiliated, not as a measure of justice, but as a means of making life a bit easier for the rest of society.
I'd tend to agree that they don't really get to choose, society as a whole makes the rules, and punishment.
I doubt very few would choose execution over life in prison......Where there is life there is always hope and there have been cases of people sentenced to life in prison being released by some liberal judge to murder and rape again.....  But if they did chose death, Hell yes, give them their wish...........fry them.......
Do you think that a criminal that faces life in prison should have the right to choose to be put to death instead?  If yes, why?  If not, why not?  Negative. They committed a crime, most likely knew the risks, and were subject to the penalties put forth in the law. No criminal has the right to set their own punishment, and this case is no different.
I guess the question begs to be asked to my friends on the left is If life in prisonment is so much worse then the death penalty why do you think most prisoners on death row would choose that option? emoticon_confused
I guess the question begs to be asked to my friends on the left is If life in prisonment is so much worse then the death penalty why do you think most prisoners on death row would choose that option? emoticon_confused  Many people fear death.  And no one said that life in prision is "much worse" then the death penalty.
 Should CRIMINALS have the right to choose DEATH over a LIFE sentence?   Definitely not............
If you get a life sentence, you shouldn't have any choices whatsoever.
I think the main problem is that some candyassed states banned executions of convicted murderers. If the death sentence was an option, a criminal could advocate for his own death in the penalty phase of the trial. That option has been taken away in many states.  They still shouldn't have the choice.
I believe that JP's use of the word 'deterrant' is correct here.  Of course I'm going to define the word 'correct' as meaning 'flawed, innacurate and false'.  emoticon_rolleyes :p
This really is getting silly, how much argument can there be over the use of one word?  According to every dictionary I could find deter is explicitly meant to prevent from acting through fear, hence it's Latin root which it shares origins with the word 'terror'.   Even if for some reason you choose to ignore the vastly accepted linguistic definition, there is even less ambiguity over the use of the word in the context of criminal punishment. Where it means to stop either the criminal or other potential criminals from offending by means of fear of retribution.  Give it up man!
Unfortunately for you, me and this thread I am every bit as stubborn as you are! :p I too have a linguistic background and am not going to give up so easily on semantics.   Now, are we in agreement that deterrence means " the act of deterring? OKOf course.   And Phunting, I suggest that you find yourself a better dictionary. :p  Hardly. One of the advantages of working in the same building as my ministry's library is that I have access to the 20 volume Oxford English Dictionary which is regarded, as I am sure you'll agree, as the most comprehensive and definitive dictionary of the English language in the world. As authoritative as 'factmonster.com' is...  Firstly let us look at the origin of the word. It originates in the 16th century, and is from the Latin 'deterrere', which is 'de' meaning 'away from' and 'terrere' meaning 'frighten'. So as you can see it's literal meaning is to move someone away from something by frightening them.  Now the OED definition:   deterrent noun  A thing that discourages or is intended to discourage someone from doing something. Cameras are a major deterrent to crime. A nuclear weapon or weapons system regarded as deterring an enemy from attack. adjective Able or intended to deter. The deterrent effect of heavy prison sentences.Which appears to agree with me.  Now your argument is based around the fact that some dictionaries list deterrence to mean 'preventing' something. And indeed it does, for if you discourage something you are in effect preventing it. Yet this does not mean that the word is synonymous with 'prevent', as prevent encapsulates much more. As an example if I were to fall out of my office window, the laws of physics would prevent me from flying. However it would be incorrect to say they 'deter' me from flying, as no human choice is involved. Deterrence implies choice, if I am falling (or have been executed) I have no choice in events therefore am not deterred from them. However in the above example the laws of gravity do actually act as a deterrent, as I am careful not to place myself in a situation where I could fall out of the window, for fear of the consequences.  Now from the linguistic definition, we move on to the legal definition. What is a deterrence in regard to punishment? Unfortunately I don't have access to a law dictionary at work so will have to settle for online ones:   Deterrence is a criminological theory. Deterrence is the idea that someone can be prevented from committing a crime by fear of the potential consequences. Deterrence is the primary theory of punishment in the United States legal system.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deterrence   Deterrence: A strategy of punishment associated with the Classical School. Deterrence can either be specific, punishing an individual so that she won't commit a crime again, or general, punishing an individual to set an example to society, so that others will not commit the same crime. For the Classical School, punishment was primarily justified in terms of general deterrence. See also Retribution, Rehabilitation, and Incapacitation.  http://www.crimetheory.com/glossary.htm   People will engage in criminal and deviant activities if they do not fear apprehension and punishment. Norms, laws, and enforcement are to be designed and implemented to produce and maintain the image that "negative" and disruptive behaviors will receive attention and punishment. Although specific individuals become the object of enforcement activities,general deterrence theory focuses on reducing the probability of deviance in the general population. Examples of control activities reflecting the concerns of this concept include: Drunk-driving crackdowns, special gang-related crime task forces and police units, publication and highly visible notices of laws and policies (Notice: Shoplifters will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law), and the death penalty.  Specific Deterrence: General deterrence strategies focus on future behaviors, preventing individuals from engaging in crime or deviant by impacting their rational decision making process. Specific deterrence focuses on punishing known deviants in order to prevent them from ever again violating the specific norms they have broken. The concern here is that motives and rationales that lie behind the original behavior can, perhaps, never be delineated, but through the rational use of punishment as a negative sanction, problematic behavior can be extinguished. Examples: shock sentencing, corporal punishment, mandatory arrests for certain behaviors (domestic violence), etc.  http://www.umsl.edu/~rkeel/200/ratchoc.html  So as you see legally the death penalty is a general deterrent as it is only a deterrence in that it scares others into not committing the crime through example to others. Specific deterrents, ones that change the criminals behaviour, are designed to stop the criminals committing the crimes through choice, as again they are scared of suffering the same punishments again.  Apologies to everyone on these forums for all this, but it had to be cleared up.
It's still not cleared up.No I can't say I'm that suprised. I should have said has over had.   You see that the term "specific deterrence" is used by Bower when describing the deterrent effect of killing the criminal on the criminal's future ability to kill again. I'm still looking for Bowers original works on the subject, though.This is the only reference of the death penalty being a 'specific deterrent'. And according to what some have said a dubious one at that. Every legal site I have looked at has most defiantly listed the death penalty as a general deterrence, specific deterrents being those which the criminal looks back upon and knowledge of them happening again dissuades them from committing again.    If Merriam-Webster agrees with me, why don't you? ;)I think Jim answers this point quite correctly.
Hum, for someone who professes to know the English language, how come you consistently use "a" in front of a vowel. Didn't your third grade English teacher teach you any better..last year? emoticon_rolleyes  He used "all usable" as an adjective, so the "a" could be used for "term", not "all usable".
And, while we're speaking about linguistics. What do you mean by "defiantly" in the above statement?Errr isn't it obvious? I was referring to the fact that despite certain minority fringe groups suggesting that the death penalty is a specific deterrent, legal authorities defy their view and continue to insist otherwise.  Either that or it was a typo. emoticon_emb
Guys lets cool it shall we? Getting ridiculously off topic by in-depth semantics is bad enough (and yes I know it was as much my fault as anyone else's), but lets not degenerate into slagging match.
OK, now it's clear as mud. emoticon_confused :)It was a typo dammit! I just didn't want to admit it...  :)
I think the penalty for people that attempt suicide should be capitol punishment . Now, debate that one :)
You guys MUST be bored , I was just making a ridiculous post to the capitol thread to inject some humor, ( note the smiley), and you guys debate it anyway, way funny, cheers to ya, :)
Hello, Kimberly. Welcome to the site.  Is there enough evidence to convict? Or are you like me, just know by his actions that he's guilty?  If they've seen all they need (the jury, that is) to make a call, I think it will be 2 counts 2nd degree at the most.  He's done everything that a person should not do in a situation like this - if he's not guilty. I can't say what more he could have done wrong....
What if the jury is wrong?  /hypothetical mode on.  The State murders an innocent man.  /hypothetical mode off.
Basic necessities, like cable TV, vending machines, movies, exercise equipment, educational abilities, libraries, computer access, free medical care, perhaps a job to occupy time. Hell, it's just like living at my house, except the sex hurts a little more, and I don't have cable yet. Yeah, he's really going to suffer. emoticon_rolleyes  Come on, now. If you really think it is such a walk in the park, why not check yourself in?  Call it what you want, but the true test of whether you feel prison is really easy or not is whether or not you'd fight to stay out of prison and hope for a short sentence if it applied to you. I bet that if you were going, you'd hope for the shortest sentence you could get.  All I know is, I wouldn't want to go, regardless of how we may think it's not suffering.
Let's remember that the more inhuman the environment the harder it would be for the guards as well. I believe this is why sex between inmates is overlooked.
Let's remember that the more inhuman the environment the harder it would be for the guards as well. I believe this is why sex between inmates is overlooked.  Thisis why we provide those things. You have to give the guys enough to keep them occupied, or your guards are as good as dead. You can't use 150 (total) guards to control 3000 inmates unless the inmates are willing to be controlled. Figure 50 guards on shift at a time, what do you really think their odds of survival would be in a full scale revolt and break out attempt at a prison.   Cable TV is cheaper than the 2-1 guard ratio, gun emplacements, and armored units your would need to controll a prison full of folks who were really intent on getting out.  This does not even include the additional police officers and all the extra gear that THEY would need in order to actually capture those criminals, since a guy facing hells island is a LOT more likely to be willing to resort to violence to escape than a guy facing time in a decent prison.  This is something that confuses me about America (actually, it doesn;t confuse me that much). We have this bizarre preoccupation with crime and punishment. The DOJ ahs been issuing studies since the 50's that show that once your penalties reach a certain height, violent crime goes up, as criminals who are unwilling to result to violence to avoid 2 years of probation are certaily willing to do so when facing 10 years in a federal prison.  I know if I was facing 10 years, I would be more than willing to mow down anybody and everybody who tried to carry it out.
I agree, the appeals process is way to long.......You want to cut the expense....Give 2 appeals and 2 years........If the case is not overturned then fry them............Th tawould cut the cost down a whole bunch........  It's funny, i didn't expect you to be pro-death because of your strong abortion feelings, not saying that a fetus is a criminal by any means, just saying that i didn't expect you to feel that way.
I was speaking of liberals in general and i did not call any liberals stupid........Misguided yes, but not stupid.........  The point I am trying to make and its not getting through to you is JC is the only perfect human being.........Since I am imperfect I have my differences with him on things like the death penalty and turing the other cheek..........  Liberals are not stupid, they are insane.
Because unlike him I am frail and imperfect.............. So you are actively denying the words of your Lord and Savior?  Looks like someone is going to hell.....................
The actual killing isn't the expensive part. The making sure we don't ***k up is what costs the real money. It's pretty sad as it is, as there are a known 23 innocent people who have been executed, and likely far more.   how much money do you think the families of the innocent people who were put to death can sue for?
If we shouldn't execute people who were convicted without solid evidence, why should scott peterson be executed?
Because being a professional a --hole , is now punishable by death ?  I hope not. People who do nothing more than speak the truth today are called professional a--holes all of the time. I am called an industrial strength a--hole. Always speak the truth and confront evil where you find it.
DNA analysis in comparison to other, known ducks?
A Texas attorney general states he doesn't believe the death penalty and subsequent executions have shown any deterrent factor:  http://teacher.deathpenaltyinfo.msu.edu/c/about/arguments/argument1b.htm  ~A survey of the former and present presidents of the country's top academic criminological societies found that 84% of these experts rejected the notion that research had demonstrated any deterrent effect from the death penalty.~   Next?  Does life in prison without parole had a deterrent effect over say 10 years in jail?
Two ludicrous statements, utterly unproveable:  By the way, I believe I'm correct in saying there has not been an innocent person put to death since 1900.  You are correct in saying it, but you can't possibly know if it's actually the truth.  And another...  And embryo is not a sentinent being. (sic)  Which, again, no one but that embryo knows for sure. ________________________________________________________________________________ But Shooterandproud writes: Life in prison does nothing more or less than the DP.  ...which I disagree with. Life in prison, without the possibility of parole, is, IMHO, Cruel and Unusual, and hence should be labelled un-Constitutional. Listen, if you're gonna tell someone that the crime they've committed is so heinous, so terrible and unforgiveable that you're never, ever gonna let 'em outta prison, no matter what they do or how long and hard you have to work to keep them alive, well... at that point you're guilty of something as well: Cruelty.  There's a reason most of 'em aren't called Penitentiaries any longer: no one's fu@#ing penitent. If the crime is that bad, execute 'em. But don't keep them alive, replace their teeth with shiny new caps, give 'em heart medication or freaking dialysis, just so you have them around to point at and say to the public, "See. We're doing something, we're fighting crime." Of course, if they're only sentenced to Life, but eligible for parole at some point, that's a different story. At least that guy can hope that one day he might get out. But for the dude who's gotta sit there day after day, knowing that even if he tries to kill himself that, by god, we're gonna cut him down, then tie him up and keep the f@#ker alive at all costs, just so we can watch him rot....that guy's suffering beyond what I'd call justice. Just gas him at that point, and get it done with.
I'm not sure, S, if letting the inmate decide between Life w/out parole and Death would be a better alternative. What if he changed his mind the next day, or ten years down the road?
5. You often suggest that people's motives are based on religion. A form of dismissing their opinion as the effects of brainwashing. An easy out, popular among folks who resort to belittling another's level of intelligence because they disagree. I hope you don't mind my jumping into the middle of your discussion, but I would like to address this point of pro-life views being based on religion. I personally am pro-choice but would strongly limit third-trimester abortions since, at that stage, the fetus might start to have a mental existence. The great majority of Americans, on either side of the abortion debate apparently would also strongly limit third trimester abortions (I can supply the poll if you like). However, 2/3rds of Americans would allow abortion in the first trimester.   It is the pro-life view against first trimester abortions that has the least support in non-religioius arguements. I have occasionally asked the question to pro-life supporters: "What specifically, in that newly fertilized egg, is so precious as to deny the mother the right to her own body?" The answer I most often get is "because it is a human life and all human life is precious". This is a proclamation that, in nearly all cases, seems to come from religion. If there was independent non-religious reasoning behind that proclamation, then nobody who I have debated with has ever presented it. Perhaps you might.
He was guilty of blasphemy, the evidence is sooo clear he did not resist any of it he knew it was right in order to save us. This applies to modern day death penalty becuase when Jesus died for us he was accused of a crime. And now the death penalty kills people that have been accused of a crime. Where in Hell did you get such XXXX. Because that would be the only place you would have gotten such a blatant lie. What was his "blasphemy"? I have read all of your post and all you talk about is my facts being irrelevant, but as a Christian i belive Jesus and God are one, and the bible is the word of God so therefore its also the words of Jesus. I know that I've tried to make this argument before on another thread but Jesus was not God in that sence but the Son of God. God even says in the Bible that Jesus is his son so that they are apart of eachother but are not the same. Also, how do you know that a lot of the laws put into Leviticus were not just ones added by the chief priest? After all, the Bible was writen down by human hands.  Also I want to make reference to John 3: 16-17 (TEV* translation) 16: For God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not die but have eternal life. 17: For God did not send his Son into the world to be its judge, but to be its savior.         *I specify the translation because it seems that most of the posters are using KJV, which kind of annoys me when I try to read it.
  However, Jesus did the unexpected. He stooped down and wrote with His finger on the ground. What He wrote, we are not told. When the Pharisees insisted on an answer, He said, "He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her" (v.7) and continued writing.   One interesting fact about this story: only the woman was brought. No man was accused. Yet, adultery is definitely a two-person sin. Is it possible that Jesus wrote Leviticus 20:10 on the ground? It says, "And the man that committeth adultery with another man's wife, even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour's wife, the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death." Notice, both the adulterer and the adulteress are to be put to death. Not one, but both.  At any rate, the consciences of the accusers began to accuse their own hearts. One by one, beginning with the eldest, they slipped away until no man was there to accuse the woman. With no accusers, there was no required penalty. Jesus had used the occasion to point out the hypocrisy of the scribes and Pharisees while at the same time showing His love to the unloved. He told the woman to go and sin no more.  Some think that Jesus started writting out the sins that the people there had commited and one by one they just left in shame.
How are you meant to tell if someone accepts forgiveness? You can't tell what a person truely feels.  -Wez  If the cost of Forgiveness 2000 makes a statement, IMO that will be an accepted measure of forgiveness.
so were basing opinions on a message written...in sand?
Yes but you are only partially guilty because there was only one woman there was no man yet, and adultery is a two part sin. Laws were different back then. And if the woman was put to death Jesus would still have forgave her, forgivness is there in both situations  They were caught in the act! What makes you think the man hadn't been caught? Surely if that were the only reason Jesus would have asked for him to be brought out? Why bother with the whole "let him who is without sin..." if it was just a case of the man being missing, why not just say that? And conservatives accuse liberals of overinterpreting...
of course jesus was for the death penalty. long before any legal system was in place, death was the penatly for sin. the concept of crime didnt even exist at the time. in fact, the mere fact that everbody dies (including animals and plants) is proof that sin has contaminated the planet and god's system of justice works  now, where jesus comes into the picture is that he was sinless. as the only sinless living thing on earth, jesus did not have the death penalty hanging over his head, and was pretty much indestructible (like god is). however, because his love for mankind moved him with compassion, he chose to make himself "killable", even though he never sinned. so he allowed himself to pay the penalty for sins he never commited (the death penalty), and... he died!  so to answer your question: yes. not only is jesus for the death penalty, he invented it. and no, he was not guilty, but he pleaded guilty anyway   That is not exactly true. There is written law going 2500+ years back and death penalty was not the most common punishment used. It was used only for specific crimes, while the most common practice was eye for an eye doctrine. At least until the time of the Roman Empire and their law. Lol, read your Bible more carefully next time. I don't know it in detail but well enough that I know your words are full of BS.
I didn't read all 34 pages, but I didn't see anything special about the case.  What makes it an important case?
It deals with the death penalty...really the court is one vote away from getting rid of it because some liberal judges don't like it.  I think if that happened, Texas probably will go back to being the lone star state.
..... this tells me that the government is doing their job in researching each case before the person is executed and are actually catching their own mistakes.  This subject has been debated over and over here without one mind being changed. I did find the above comment amusing. Dono
Not one victim has benefitted from their killer's execution.  What about closure? Selfish I know, but somehow it seems like at least for me it would give me closure knowing the man who murdered my father is forever gone. That said I am still on the fence but I am too close to the subject to have an untainted opinion.
Yea we talked about it before he made me an honest woman :) He is right I just don't want to admit it.
 2. Abortions occur and are defended well past the point of even your twisted description of what, if not scraped away would be a child. True, a rare amount DO occur past what I consider the normal cutoff. HOwever, they ARE well defended, and I agree with them, as they are almost always cases where if the baby is not aborted the mother could die or experience severe health problems (those are pretty much the only reasons I know of for later term abortions)   4. The "lives" that "I" value are the innocents created by people not ready to parent and the victims of people who disregard the right to life of their victims and the torment of their victim's families. If you can not relate, you have not experienced the loss of a loved one to a murderer.    I do not see any connection between this "murder" that youspeak of , and abortion.
There are two subjects being discussed. One concerning abortion and one concerning the death penalty(murderers).  Once again you fail to read the post. I was replying to your one point that implied that people who have abortions and people who murder are pretty much the same.
That is a good question. I feel that different levels of crime deserve different levels of punishment. To me, rape is the worst crime you can commit against another person, and you forfeit your rights if you engage in such behavior. This includes your right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In a perfect world, we could just lock away people and throw away the key. If there was no possible way for them to get out, I might be willing to go with that. In some ways, allowing them to rot in a cell may be fitting. However, there have been cases where people who were sentenced to life in prison without parole got out anyway through a fluke, or, most famously, a furlough program. If a person breaks into your house and tries to kill you, are you more likely to try and rehabilitate them or shoot them? Sometimes, the only way to deal with certain criminals is to end their life, simply because they don't deserve to live. Who am I to decide if a person doesn't deserve to live? I'm not; that is why we have courts and juries. There's also the fact that many prisons these days provide convicts with all sorts of nice things: cable TV, videogame systems, etc. It's actually pretty sad how nice they can have it in prison.
Think how much harder being a correctional officer would be if these vermin had no diversions. Not really that hard. Some prisons are actually prisons instead of criminal resorts, and those are the best to put scum like them in. Try a Google for Supermax federal prisons. I think that those are the types we should have for all felons.
Today in Australia, the NSW government released a report stating that not enough is being done about rehabilitating prisoners, hence the jail population has increased dramatically. The other problem is that jails are the reaction to crime. Jailing people does not go to the root of the problem. Crime is the consequence of social problems caused by poverty. Poor people, mostly Black and Hispanics end up in jail, in other words those who are the 'debris' of society en up poor and in jail.
I guess the US is even more evil. We first built a nuclear weapon and were the first to drop onto a foreign land and kill many innocent lives; not just once, but twice in a matter of days. You know, unlike Russia who only boasted of the power but only tested it in their own country. emoticon_wow   So the U.S. is more evil for dropping a bomb on Japan, and it was, what, more ethical for Russia to test one on their own citizens? Give me a break.
How about punishment? I don't think it is cruel and unsual to punish someone for a crime they have committed. They probably didn't think it was cruel or unusual to commit that crime, so if the punishment is only as terrible as the crime, then for that particular person, it is neither cruel nor unusual.  Punishment is not cruel and unusual. The issue is the form that punishment takes, not whether or not it is exacted.
ok, but isn't cruel and unusual relative to an individual? If someone is a serial killer, tortures his victims without blinking an eye, for days before he kills them, then for that person, torture for days is neither cruel nor unusual. So how could LWOP be cruel and unusual?   LWOP? leave without pay? Cruel and unsual is not subjective (relative to the individual). Rather the courst determine whether or not a given form of punishment is actually cruel and unusual for everyone (objective).  Huck
If you have a position please share it. No need to start new threads as some sort of news service.
If you have a position please share it. No need to start new threads as some sort of news service.  Well, the Vatican taking a proper moral stand is so rare and note worthy.
Good point.   This issue seems to have fallen by the wayside already. I'm under the impression they will be held like they have been in the past unless a lot more noise is made about it.
Hundreds of prisoners in Italy serving life sentences want the death sentence reinstated. They apparently think that a life sentence is worse than death:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6707865.stm
Ask yourself this smiley, who gets life without parole ? Mass muderers, first degree killers, pre meditated murderers, multiple offense Rapist/killers, Child abducter/rapist/murderers and convicted 3 strike violent felons. Are you telling me that brutally violent repeat offenders who get off on causing human misery deserve the comforts of home as punishment for commiting these heinous crimes ? You see, I firmly believe that men can commit such terrible crimes that they forfeit their rights to breathe our air any longer. But short of the death sentance, then yes, life without parole should be hard and no fun whatsoever, and I mean ever.   Your own god-concept doesn't agree with you.  28Because he considereth, and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die.  32For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye. Ezekiel 18  Your god sees no degree of sins. Shaving your beard, baby-rape, etc, are all punishable by death. That is, unless you repent. :xbanghead
I think I must agree with Smiley.   Archangel, your 'applicable only when it suits my needs' approach to Christianity is really clearly spelled out in this argument. Wishing suffering, despair, and hopelessness on someone is not exactly loving the sinner. Making conditions so bad that he "prays for death" is not being your brother's keeper.   Being able to quote scripture ad nauseum in support of your arguments does not make you a good Christian. You actually need to understand the scripture and apply it to your life as well. Something many bible toting, scripture quoting people just don't seem able to do.
Hundreds of prisoners in Italy serving life sentences want the death sentence reinstated. They apparently think that a life sentence is worse than death.  This is interesting, because I'm sure most of the death row inmates in the United States would rather serve life sentences. I wonder what lifers in other European nations are advocating? I don't know a great deal about the Italian corrections system, but I'm sure the underlying reasons relate specifically to imprisonment conditions. However, it could be a number of factors.
Mass muderers, first degree killers, pre meditated murderers, multiple offense Rapist/killers, Child abducter/rapist/murderers and convicted 3 strike violent felons. Are you telling me that brutally violent repeat offenders who get off on causing human misery deserve the comforts of home as punishment for commiting these heinous crimes ? You see, I firmly believe that men can commit such terrible crimes that they forfeit their rights to breathe our air any longer. But short of the death sentance, then yes, life without parole should be hard and no fun whatsoever, and I mean ever.  You're right, why not simply kill these people in the shortest amount of time possible. I got it! We can advertise each killing (hanging, rock slaying, Guillotine, etc.) weeks in advance, kinda like moves, and show it on pay-per-view. You can buy tickets to watch the show live as well. I mean c'mon, if we're going to have the death penalty we might as well utilize in the most gruesome, cost efficient, and swift method possible. Right? That is how punishment was executed a few centuries ago.  Honestly, how you feel is how a lot of people culturally conceive such offenders. In regards to the death penalty debate, it falls along a continuum between morality and scientific reasoning.
Peter,  I find it very hard to forgive people for committing such heinous crimes.   I am reminded that the first thing the Amish parents whose children were murdered was to reach out to the family of the killer and inquire if THEY could do anything for THEM.  Now THAT'S the true Christian spirit.emoticon_xangel
Peter,  I find it very hard to forgive people for committing such heinous crimes.   I am reminded that the first thing the Amish parents whose children were murdered was to reach out to the family of the killer and inquire if THEY could do anything for THEM.  Now THAT'S the true Christian spirit.emoticon_xangel  You will find some very very good people among the Amish. People who DO practice what they preach. Even though I cannot accept their beliefs I have often admired their moral consistency and conviction. Deep character development. Friends of the species. Good examples of humanity.
Sorry for the double. The edit functions didn't work, so I had to post this twice to correct 2 items.  I have found that you will get better results on edits if you just go right to the advanced editor and skip the simple one. The simple one often hangs up when you save - no explantion just observation.
I'm not saying some people shouldn't be kept away from society. But the quality of our prisons are awful, and IMO, it would make far more sense to send most of these individuals to college instead. Cost a lot less in money and in stress to society overall. And probably give our econony a good kick in the butt.  Gee I don't know about that college idea. Somehow I would rather that my doctor, or lawyer, or broker not be a former mugger, extortionist, arsonist, rapist, or killer! Not very much of a confidence builder!
You will find some very very good people among the Amish. People who DO practice what they preach. Even though I cannot accept their beliefs I have often admired their moral consistency and conviction. Deep character development. Friends of the species. Good examples of humanity.  Don't forget that they know how to beat their kids and cow their women folk too. I've known Amish...  "Spare the rod and spoil the child" "women, be submitted to your husbands"  Closed communities tend to the sever.
As to the subject of prison conditions. They're more to help the guards than the prisoners. Harsh conditions would result in irrate and problemsome inmates.  Since guards aren't paid that much and there aren't enough of them, you want their jobs to be as problem free as possible. I certainly wouldn't do their job.  I've worked at a youth shelter in the past...it was tough enough dealing with ADHD type teens...< emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xagree emoticon_xbye emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xchicken
Many economists are so obsessed with statistics that they lose sight of meaning. A study of cause and effect requires experimental design in which a single variable is manipulated or allowed to vary, correlational design can at best hint at relationships between variables, even when sophisticated factor analytic techniques are employed.  In this case what we have is a correlation, and the very likely possibility that a third, fourth or fifth factor results in both decreased murder rates and increased executions.  By the same logic many economists use, we could find any number of absurd things. For example there is a well known correlation between skyscraper construction and economic downturn, we could conclude from this that tall buildings depress economies and that recessions can be avoided if we disallow the construction of record-height buildings.  The other thing economists need to realise is that economic statistics are entirely historical, they provide empirical information about a particular group at a particular time, not universal truths about mankinds' behaviour in general. Even if we run an experimental design in the realm of human action showing X causes Y, differing social and cultural norms may result in the precise opposite effect at another period of time.
With enough of a population size, you can check the effects of dozens of variables at once.   You can check the statistical relationship between dozens of variables, not the effects of them.  For example if I correlated left hand strength with right hand strength across a billion individuals I would probably find a correlation of about 0.93, however this relationship is not causal, cutting off one hand will not result in a 90% strength reduction in the other.  Correlational studies like this one can not determine cause and effect.  So, the cavaet is "The death penalty is a deterrent in the USA TODAY!" I can live with that  That would (almost) be a valid conclusion if the study employed experimental rather than correlational design, a very difficult thing with regard to broad social trends, but the only way such a conclusion could be validated. Even if that were true, it would not say "death penalty is a deterrent TODAY", it would say "death penalty was a deterrent on average over the period in which the study took place"
I'm afraid I have no examples, but isn't ONE too many?  Is one too many people wrongfully convicted and sent to life in prison where they died behind bars?
just bumping this because it seems to have been overlooked...  And perhaps you have overlooked the issue of abortion relating to crime. Who knows if were actually aborting future murderers? Aren't you for crime prevention?
murder  noun [C or U]  the crime of intentionally killing a person:  (Cambridge Dictionary)  to execute a prisoner is murder, for it is an intentional killing. It is State sanctioned murder. They make it legal that's all.  By that definition if it is legal then it is not murder. Notice it says "the crime".
