Not always, Mars lost its atmosphere naturally.
Nature isn't repairing itself in you now...you're losing brain cells as we speak that won't come back.
Venus's atmospheric pressure suddenly increased turning it into a lava planet with an average temperature of over 900 degrees Fahrenheit, hot enough to melt lead.
I will temporarily become a tree hugger...  We must stop like cutting down trees and stuff. We have to stop driving SUVs and other gas guzzling cars and stuff. And like the movie stars are right, even though they have 15 cars it is us who are killing the enviroment with or SUVs. Uhhh I think thats it man. Like just plant a tree and a garden and dont buy stuff at the grocery store, Im not sure how that will help but do it anyway.    Ok Im back that was kinda scary.
I am part tree hugger, i believe we should not clear cut, that we should keep our wilderness clean, hybrid cars are cool, id own one if i had the money. and I love plants, hell my major, if I finish, is Botany. but I believe this stuff because I drive a Jeep that gets 7 MPG on good days, I drive off-road trails that are in constant fear of closure because people cant learn how to clean up after themselves, and kill vegetation. I care very much about enviromental issues, and always try to do the best for the enviroment, I recycle everything I can, and everytime I go 4-wheelin, I clean up other peoples mess.  ok, back to topic, of course mans affect on the ozone is significant. everything we do affects it, we as humans cant do anything without affecting the enviroment, we may not see the affect for many, many years.
You don't have to be a tree hugger, to care for the environment!:)
good point Debater, I do care for the enviroment, I am a hunter and I use nature like everyone else, I am more for Conservation(using nature, but using it wisely) than for Preservation(not using it at all). Are you for or against hunting?
Having a little bit of conservation and preservation is a good idea. What we most need to do right now is find an alternate fuel source for cars. I mentioned it in our debate about "Bush's real reasons for war", that he donated 1.3 billion dollars to find an alternate fuel source, but that is definitely not enough and somebody should've started this a long time ago. I guess I'm a tree hugger...never really thought about it in that term though :) . You know they're coming out with cars made with hydrogen engines? They're exciting, the only by-product would be water. emoticon_xbouncer Yup, if we're talking about men's effect on his environment, I would say the biggest thing we do to effect it is the fuel gas coming out of our cars.
Those cars are cool! emoticon_cool
The CO2 content is the air is sky rocketing. Why because of man made pollution. The Antarctic ice shelf is melting. Why because of increased CO2. Where did this CO2 come from? Man.  The question was "Is man's effect on the ozone insignificant?"  The amount of ozone has decreased significantly since the rise of industrial expansion.
I think that about sums it up then. Man's effect on the ozone and the environment is far from being insignifigant. Does everyone agree?
And we would die cuz of too much CO2
if CO2 increases the polar ice caps will melt, which will cause an enormous rise in the sea level.
Carbon dioxide is good for plants. etc... I'm confused right now. Could you explain to me? Why did you bring up how good carbon dioxide is for plants and the environment in general, if you later state that the CO2 levels are not rising? If this is true, why did you bring it up in the first place? Sorry, don't mean to be rude emoticon_confused just very confused.
tree huggers, last year over a thousand scientists signed a document stating that CO2 levels were rising.
Nature repairs itself, but too slowly to keep up with humans. We can change things so quickly that nothing can keep up. A good example is water being an absolute solvant. Yes it is absolute, but it takes too long! As for that stuff with mars, you dont know that for sure. All we can do it look at it and guess what happened. There has been many ideas of mars. So yes globla warming exists and its a problem, we can see that from the animals and the messed up weather we are having. Plants just cant take in that much carbon dioxide.   If anything I have said above is not true, please correct me, still learning! :)
hetero-male: you still haven't answered my question. Why did you bring up carbon dioxide in the first place?
don't know. I don't believe in global warming. But I do know that CO2 rates are climbing.
Humans of course are destroying the ozone layer. In the past humans used CFCs, which rose into the stratosphere and broke O3 into *tries to remember meteorology(sp?) class*
Is global warming a real threat or is it just a hoax?
Yes but the polar ice caps are melting!
yes and the reason there is a lot of Termites is because humans are chopping down forests
the US could put sanctions and tariffs on those countries.
I mean sanctions on the wood not on every thing.
Global warming sure is a threat. Some of the Polar Ice Caps already melted. Average temperatures have rised since 50+ years ago at a constant rate. We better stop polluting now, or we will be in big trouble.
Is global warming a real threat or is it just a hoax? I agree it's a threat to us but the point is whether it's really caused by increaing amount of carbon dioxide and how big the threat is. Maybe global warming is just a part of process of global climate change which occured several times long time ago, ie, ice age things like that.  As far as I know, global warming is one of the catastrophe which leads to extinction of human beings. However, there might be another problems which are also big threat to us and all creatures on the earth.  Anyway, I'm not an expert of environment, so I might be wrong but at least I can say it seems there are some bad effetcts of global warming such as rising sea level, abnormal climate pattern, things like that.  We should do something, which might not be appropriate way to solve the problem but it's surely the beginning.
Global warming may or may not be the result of what humans are doing, although it sure isn't helped by our destorying the environment. Now the increasing amount of natural disasters worries me a lot more than global warming which doesn't seem to be progressing to quickly (from winter to early summer, 136 of 140 days were below average temperature where I live). I could really use some global warming up here in Michigan!!! Many natural disasters such as tornados, destructive flood, severe drought probably have something to do with global warming. I don't know which is first regarding these combinations. Maybe flood is caused due to global warming, maybe reverse. These phenomena are related each other, so it can't be seperated when we think about it. Maybe global warming itself is not such a big threat but many disadvantages resulting from this are threats to us.
There is either cause for little concern, or huge concern. The thickness of the ozone layer fluctuates over the years. So in fifty years it could be very thick. But, if it's in one of it's high thickness stages, and there are holes in it in some places, and extremely thinness in others, we're in trouble.
global warming is actually real. it may be cold but the temperature has to do with the angle that the suns rays hit the surface of the earth. so during the winter it will still be cold, but for where i live the heat was above average this winter season. so the enevitable will come and soon enough summer is gonna b a biotch! especially if u live in texas or sum were around there. so yes global warming is real and defianantly not a hoax, and if you wunt stats/proof go onto some of the anti pollution sites and they will tell u numbers.
How often do you hear in the media or from your teachers to take good care of nature? If you consume less global warming causing things like transport, heating, waste etc., you inevitably neglect economy, friends and family, if they live far away from you, health, security in the traffic, if you prefer driving a  small car, etc.. I really regret it that hardly anyone tries to understand the whole issue. And by the way, well, if you try to blame deforesting countries for the global warming, you should first blame yourself. If you use your furniture as long as anyhow possible, much less wood is needed. If you live in a house, which is much better isolated, much less recouces will be required to use it. If you use your car only of necessary, you will use much less recources aswell. If you don't buy expensive glance-magazines, much fewer trees will have to be chopped down for paper production. If you choose to buy only products which were produced in a town close by, fewer trucks will have to be on the street.  Well, you might argue that if you don't consume in such an extravagant way, the economy will suffer from that so that, for example, medical progress will be hampered. But there are alternatives. For example, people always tell that I have to travel abroad, if I really want to learn the English language properly.  I totally agree with them. I prefer watching BBCworld and reading lots of interesting sites on the net. Apart from that, the capability to write properly is more important to speak it properly.   Well, by the way, if you didn't know it before, in terms of global warming, your country is the most careless country of this planet!  If you dispute my statement, it won't be a big deal to find hundreds of internet sites that prove me right.   Well, but I was happy to find this issue here at all!
What are you talking about? The day is still the same length along with the year so it is not that. Have any of you ever heard of the milankovitch cycle? It is the cycle of precession, eccentricity and axial tilt. It causes the tempurature fluctuate so it is at one extreme every 100,000 years. So, we could be moving to a warmer trend.then go back. Another thing about pollution... it was worse in roman times than it is now. We have so many regulations that it keeps the air relativly clean. Here's a site for milankovitch cycle. http://www.homepage.montana.edu/~geol445/hyperglac/time1/milankov.htm  I highly doubt your claim about Romans producing more "pollution" than the billions of contemporary humans. I'd bet they didn't even produce what say Haitians alone are able to do today. The Romans never even dented the ocean's ecosystem. They certainly killed a lot of critters though.
The air was a lot dirtier and everything was really bad. Look at these sites www.hero.ac.uk/uk/research/archives/ 2002/farming_for_the_empire3238.cfm www.nsc.org/ehc/minute/em000311.htm  The first link I couldn't get to but the second is very interesting but I was aware of the history. It's all a matter of scale. While entirely possible that the airborne lead peaked in some distant age, the overall impact(pollution) has never been greater than now.
Awh, now! I bet it was really bad when all the dinosaurs died at one time. Can you imagine?  There have certainly been many times since life appeared on Earth that the "habitability" of the planet has been less than now. I would differentiate between "natural" events and man's efforts.
 Of corse it was cold this year every year is different Globle warming is a yuppie fraud study. I do not beleve in Globle warming. If there was globle warming we would not have snow like we did 2 and 3 years ago. Every thing has been normal that I can tell. Gee I wonder how much money was wasted on this foolish study and brain washing.  Oh yes...because mainstream science is concocting one big hoax just to brainwash you. It's a conspiracy of rabid scientists. emoticon_rolleyes We all know you know much more that scientific peer reviewed journals and the Scientific Method, right? You're scientific credentials?
You don't have to prove the house wrong. THe house has to prove it's right. IT's making a positive statement, therefore it must use credible scientific evidence to prove the positive.
well, global warming can also cause cooling. IT depends. It also causes heating, which can cause melting, which causes more heating, which can eventualy cause cooling.  There's a problem in the arctic ocean right now having to do with human pollution increasing flow of fresh water into the ocean.
 Ice Ages are cyclical. And as I pointed out above, sea level has risen 4" over the last century. One Tsunami does way more damage than natural global warming could ever do.  No kidding. I'll go by the scientific report, however, which states it is a problem.   The amount of fresh water entering the Arctic Ocean from the rivers that feed it is increasing, UK scientists report.  Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, they say the increase is caused in part by human activities and is an early sign of climate change.  The rise in fresh water entering the Arctic Ocean could change the global distribution of water, the team says.  It could also affect the balance of the climate system itself and even possibly alter the behaviour of the Gulf Stream.  The team is from the Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research, part of the UK Met Office.  Knock-on effects  The global hydrological cycle is the exchange of water between the land, the oceans and the atmosphere. The rate of the exchange is expected to increase as the Earth warms.  Part of the process is likely to mean more precipitation (hail, rain, sleet and snow) at higher latitudes, and so more water flowing down the rivers.  If the global water distribution changes, this could have important social and economic consequences. An altered hydrological cycle might conceivably have a profound cooling effect on north-west Europe as well.  The American Geophysical Union, publisher of the journal, says: "It could also alter the balance of the climate system itself, such as the Atlantic thermohaline circulation, a kind of conveyor belt.  "Cold water flows southward in the Atlantic at great depths to the tropics, where it warms, rises, and returns northward near the surface.  "This flow helps keep northern Europe at a temperate climate, whereas the same latitudes in North America are sparsely settled tundra or taiga."  The Hadley researchers compared data published in 2002 from observations of Siberian river flows with model simulations, to see whether they could identify a human influence on the increase in fresh water.  Making allowances  They point out that higher emissions of greenhouse gases, caused by human activities, are expected to intensify the hydrological cycle in the Arctic, with higher precipitation there balanced by a reduction in the tropics.  They tested the model with four simulations which took into account both human inputs and natural factors, including solar variability and volcanic eruptions.  The results showed a steady increase in river discharges, especially since the 1960s, with the annual rate of increase since 1965 8.73 cubic kilometers, far greater than the long-term trend.  The simulations excluded human impacts in one instance and natural impacts in another, and included all factors in a third.  Dominant part  The team concluded that if there had been no human inputs, the hydrological cycle would have shown no trend at all in the 20th Century.  Over the past four decades, they say, human activity played the major role in the increased flows, and it is likely that the upward trend is part of the early stages of an intensified hydrological cycle.  Dr Peili Wu, a team member, told the BBC: "It looks clear to us that this is an early signal of human-induced climate change. If only natural factors were involved, you wouldn't get these results.  "It is possible the increase in fresh water entering the Arctic Ocean could contribute to an alteration in the thermohaline circulation, because it is diluting the saltiness of the seawater and reducing its density."    David Sington  We are all seeing rather less of the Sun, according to scientists who have been looking at five decades of sunlight measurements.  They have reached the disturbing conclusion that the amount of solar energy reaching the Earth's surface has been gradually falling.  Paradoxically, the decline in sunlight may mean that global warming is a far greater threat to society than previously thought.  The effect was first spotted by Gerry Stanhill, an English scientist working in Israel.  Cloud changes  Comparing Israeli sunlight records from the 1950s with current ones, Dr Stanhill was astonished to find a large fall in solar radiation.  "There was a staggering 22% drop in the sunlight, and that really amazed me." Intrigued, he searched records from all around the world, and found the same story almost everywhere he looked.  Sunlight was falling by 10% over the USA, nearly 30% in parts of the former Soviet Union, and even by 16% in parts of the British Isles.  Although the effect varied greatly from place to place, overall the decline amounted to one to two per cent globally every decade between the 1950s and the 1990s.  Dr Stanhill called it "global dimming", but his research, published in 2001, met a sceptical response from other scientists.  It was only recently, when his conclusions were confirmed by Australian scientists using a completely different method to estimate solar radiation, that climate scientists at last woke up to the reality of global dimming.  Dimming appears to be caused by air pollution.  Burning coal, oil and wood, whether in cars, power stations or cooking fires, produces not only invisible carbon dioxide - the principal greenhouse gas responsible for global warming - but also tiny airborne particles of soot, ash, sulphur compounds and other pollutants.  This visible air pollution reflects sunlight back into space, preventing it reaching the surface. But the pollution also changes the optical properties of clouds.  Because the particles seed the formation of water droplets, polluted clouds contain a larger number of droplets than unpolluted clouds.  Recent research shows that this makes them more reflective than they would otherwise be, again reflecting the Sun's rays back into space.  Scientists are now worried that dimming, by shielding the oceans from the full power of the Sun, may be disrupting the pattern of the world's rainfall.  There are suggestions that dimming was behind the droughts in sub-Saharan Africa which claimed hundreds of thousands of lives in the 1970s and 80s.  There are disturbing hints the same thing may be happening today in Asia, home to half the world's population.  "My main concern is global dimming is also having a detrimental impact on the Asian monsoon," says Professor Veerhabhadran Ramanathan, professor of climate and atmospheric sciences at the University of California, San Diego. "We are talking about billions of people."  Alarming energy  But perhaps the most alarming aspect of global dimming is that it may have led scientists to underestimate the true power of the greenhouse effect.  They know how much extra energy is being trapped in the Earth's atmosphere by the extra carbon dioxide we have placed there.  What has been surprising is that this extra energy has so far resulted in a temperature rise of just 0.6 degree Celsius.  This has led many scientists to conclude that the present-day climate is less sensitive to the effects of carbon dioxide than it was, say, during the ice age, when a similar rise in CO2 led to a temperature rise of six degrees Celsius.  But it now appears the warming from greenhouse gases has been offset by a strong cooling effect from dimming - in effect two of our pollutants have been cancelling each other out.  This means that the climate may in fact be more sensitive to the greenhouse effect than previously thought.  If so, then this is bad news, according to Dr Peter Cox, one of the world's leading climate modellers.  As things stand, CO2 levels are projected to rise strongly over coming decades, whereas there are encouraging signs that particle pollution is at last being brought under control.  "We're going to be in a situation unless we act where the cooling pollutant is dropping off while the warming pollutant is going up.  "That means we'll get reducing cooling and increased heating at the same time and that's a problem for us," says Dr Cox.  Even the most pessimistic forecasts of global warming may now have to be drastically revised upwards.  That means a temperature rise of 10 degrees Celsius by 2100 could be on the cards, giving the UK a climate like that of North Africa, and rendering many parts of the world uninhabitable.  That is unless we act urgently to curb our emissions of greenhouse gases.
Yes. it's called global dimming, and yes, I trust mainstream scientific organizations.  If you knew anything about science, scientists usuallyspeak in terms of COULDS, possibliites, and likely, because science isn't 100% and scientific facts aren't absolute. THey are largely evidence-supported conjectures. You can't prove anything 100%. They are giving reasonable estimates. That's how climatology works.
 Look, I know plenty about science. I'm a scientist by profession and have been for almost 30 years. We talk in terms like "could possibly" and "may" when we're not certain that the phenomenon that we're observing can be causally-linked to another event, condition or factor. When a scientist has a definitive correlation, he uses terms like "does" or "factor X causes phenomenon Y", not "X might conceivably cause Y". When a scientist uses couch phrases like "might" or "could", it means that he doesn't know and it's his hypothesis, not fact. In the real world, I prefer to deal in facts, not SWAGs (scientific wildassed guesses).   1. Not all scientists have the same credentials 2. Not all scientists are proper authorities in all fields 3. ANyone can say he's a scientist online. Need proof before consideration.  Yes. We all know a hypothesis isn't necessarily a fact.  What scientist are you? Where did you graduate? What year, what class? Apparently you aren't a meteorologist or climatologist.
I think global warming is a real threat because yeah the ice caps are melting, animals there will probably sink in that cold water...its getting really hot..everywhere..there are more floods...december is getting hot..and the biggest thing...once i read in a newspaper that well mt.everest was melting and chinese scientist or...said that it got lower by 2 inches and so if these mountains are melting then probably the world will come to an end....water everywhere.emoticon_xdonno
Here's an essay that I wrote for school this year (7th grade) about global warming, .etc.  Tell me what you think! :D  Give Back to the Earth  The Earth has done wonders for all of man-kind for millions of years. The least we could do is give back to the Earth, in return for everything that the Earth has done for us!   All over the world there are people that are harming the Earth, without even realizing it. Sometimes we fail to throw away our trash into its rightful place - a trash receptacle. Instead, we throw it on the ground, and sometimes someone else picks it up, but most of the time, it just sits there. When we write, or print something off of the computer, we waste paper, which is causing people to deplete the world's forests. When we drive our cars, the fuel emits into the air, causing global warming. When we buy something at the store, like a box of cereal, the factory that it was made in emits smoke into the air as well. There are people carelessly animals throughout the world, which causes them to become endangered, or worse, extinct. If all of this continues, our world could end, without notice.  There are many problems in the world today, more than we can all count, because of the fact that most people don't realize how serious this is. We take everything for granted when it comes to the Earth, like everything will always be the same, and we'll all live happily ever after. We are wrong... The effects of global warming, for example, are endless. Global warming is causing the ice caps, glaciers, and Polar Regions of the world, like Antarctica, the Arctic Circle, and areas around Northern Canada, Northern Russia, and Greenland, to melt. What happens is, the ice is made from fresh water, when the ice melts, the fresh water mixes with the salt water in the oceans, which makes a "fresh/salt solution". When the "solution" forms, it makes the ocean currents act strange. The ocean currents are the main source of weather. The "solution" is what's causing all of the ocean currents to produce "mega" hurricanes, tsunamis, and other "freak weather". If the more ice melts, the weather could only get much worse. That is why we must act fast. I am not trying to scare you, or freak you out by this, but this is a very serious matter.  What can we do to help, you ask? You can recycle aluminum cans, paper, plastic, .etc. Before printing something off of your computer, think to yourself, "Do I really need this?" Reuse paper as often as you can. If you're doing an art project, or writing a letter, save the rest of the paper that you have left, or recycle it, instead of throwing it away. If you live in a big city, walk to places more, or even better, ride your bike more often than riding in a car. It's healthier for the planet, and you receive your daily dose of exercise as well! Get your friends involved! Make a game out of it! Ask your teacher or principal to have a Recycling Contest for your school, and the winner of the contest gets a prize, like a bike, or something like that. Ask your teacher or principal to get a school account at a local recycling center, so that whenever students recycle their cans, the money goes to the school. Plant trees around your community, or even in your own backyard! Get involved in your local 4-H. Do research on the internet for other ways that you can help out. Give back to the world, and the world shall give back to you in return!
Here's an essay that I wrote for school this year (7th grade) about global warming, .etc.  Tell me what you think! :D  I'll try to be nice since you wrote it in 7th grade.   The Earth has done wonders for all of man-kind for millions of years. The least we could do is give back to the Earth, in return for everything that the Earth has done for us!  Homo Sapien hasn't existed for millions of years. It would be more appropriate to say that the Earth has provided the basis for life for hundreds of millions of years.   All over the world there are people that are harming the Earth, without even realizing it. Sometimes we fail to throw away our trash into its rightful place - a trash receptacle.  And most of that goes into landfills....  we waste paper, which is causing people to deplete the world's forests.  Not really. World forests are at risk for farm land and non-paper logging, not for paper which is being replaced by post consumer waste at increasing rates. Most paper people use today contains at least some recycled paper.  When we drive our cars, the fuel emits into the air, causing global warming.  It's not just cars and catalytic converters have greatly decreased emissions.  When we buy something at the store, like a box of cereal, the factory that it was made in emits smoke into the air as well. There are people carelessly animals throughout the world, which causes them to become endangered, or worse, extinct. If all of this continues, our world could end, without notice.  Cereal factories aren't that big of polluters. The largest polluters are energy plants with a few exceptions like some of Alcoa's smelters which burns one of the dirtiest types of coal in the almunimum production process. And the world will go from bad to worse, from worse to horrible and from horrible to castastrphoic. Not suddenly. That's day after tomorrow fantasy.   Global warming is causing the ice caps, glaciers, and Polar Regions of the world, like Antarctica, the Arctic Circle, and areas around Northern Canada, Northern Russia, and Greenland, to melt. What happens is, the ice is made from fresh water, when the ice melts, the fresh water mixes with the salt water in the oceans, which makes a "fresh/salt solution". When the "solution" forms, it makes the ocean currents act strange.  Flooding is more a immediate problem.   The ocean currents are the main source of weather.  No they aren't. The sun is the main source of weather through the energy transfer from light to various parts of the enviroment.   The "solution" is what's causing all of the ocean currents to produce "mega" hurricanes, tsunamis, and other "freak weather". If the more ice melts, the weather could only get much worse. That is why we must act fast. I am not trying to scare you, or freak you out by this, but this is a very serious matter.  We don't actually know this for sure. There is some data but much speculation as to what is exactly causing larger and more frequent storms. The bigger problem of reducing salinity is the currents themselves and how they intergrate with migration and heat transfer. Sources of food that humans depend upon could disappear if currents drastically change. And the basis of Day after Tommorrow is correct in how the gulf stream helps regulate temperatures in Europe.
I'll try to be nice since you wrote it in 7th grade.     Homo Sapien hasn't existed for millions of years. It would be more appropriate to say that the Earth has provided the basis for life for hundreds of millions of years.     And most of that goes into landfills....    Not really. World forests are at risk for farm land and non-paper logging, not for paper which is being replaced by post consumer waste at increasing rates. Most paper people use today contains at least some recycled paper.    It's not just cars and catalytic converters have greatly decreased emissions.    Cereal factories aren't that big of polluters. The largest polluters are energy plants with a few exceptions like some of Alcoa's smelters which burns one of the dirtiest types of coal in the almunimum production process. And the world will go from bad to worse, from worse to horrible and from horrible to castastrphoic. Not suddenly. That's day after tomorrow fantasy.     Flooding is more a immediate problem.     No they aren't. The sun is the main source of weather through the energy transfer from light to various parts of the enviroment.     We don't actually know this for sure. There is some data but much speculation as to what is exactly causing larger and more frequent storms. The bigger problem of reducing salinity is the currents themselves and how they intergrate with migration and heat transfer. Sources of food that humans depend upon could disappear if currents drastically change. And the basis of Day after Tommorrow is correct in how the gulf stream helps regulate temperatures in Europe.  Thank you for your criticism. :D
Termites produce two times the carbon dioxide that humans do... let's have a war with termites to get rid of some carbon dioxide. :) lol  That was jsut plain silly. A single car will produce more emmisiosn then all the termites in your state.  Rember c02 is one part of the equation.
Hello! I just don't get it why the US is raising the hysteria about global warming. I saw on the Internet a US EPA report to the UN that endorses that "human activities such as oil refining, gas and coal firing are significant causes of global warming". But is it so in actual fact? I think there is yet much to be discovered in the process of global warming.  On other hand, it may be that Washington won't let the rest of the world know the plain truth - that global warming is a result of Pentagon's experiments in the field of climate weapon research. Why not really? Many experts in fact are well in the know.... Do you recall the disastrous hurricane Katherine hitting New Orleans in 2005? Right after this act of nature there were quite few people who doubted that it was some sort of an aftermath of a climate change experiment that had got out of control of American military men. So that's why I also abandon myself to the idea that global warming is in certain connection with Pentagon's secret climate change researches. I think it is like playing with edged tools - no one knows when it would go too far.  What's really a pity is that nobody has braved it so far to plainly blame the USA for global warming.
Simple replication of the meme comes naturally to some. It requires no thought, critical or otherwise. In fact rational thought could actually disrupt the process.
Here here!  emoticon_xhoho  How informative.  Forum Rules;  9. Every post should add relevant information to the thread.
The author, a history graduate, needs no introduction to Brits, but let me share a little background from Wikipedia.  "Via his long-running column in the UK's Sunday Telegraph, Booker has claimed that man-made global warming was "disproved" in 2008[1], that white asbestos is "chemically identical to talcum powder" and poses a "non-existent risk" to human health[2], that "scientific evidence to support [the] belief that inhaling other people's smoke causes cancer simply does not exist"[3] and that there is "no proof that BSE causes CJD in humans"[4]. He has also defended the theory of Intelligent Design, maintaining that Darwinians "rest their case on nothing more than blind faith and unexamined a priori assumptions".[5] [edit]Career"  'Nuff said.
If there is genuine doubt about the science of climate change, where are the peer reviewed journal articles to back it up?
The religious right frame climate change in religious terms in order to dismiss it as untrue, because they already possess "The One and Only Truth".(tm) emoticon_rolleyes
Where did I mention christianemoticon_xclown ? I described a tactic and ascribed it to a group who use it to resist the acceptance of a well established reality. I admit your appelation of the emoticon_xclown appears most apposite in this context.
Global warming is the new religion. Maybe a climatologist who disputes global warming would be like a bishop that disputes the existence of God...someone with little or no future job prospects.  Hardly, a climatologist with proof that there is a different cause for warming and that human CO2 emissions are not and will not cause warming is likely to win a Nobel prize for physics. Good scientists are just as happy when a theory is disproved as when evidence supports it.  Once again, do you have peer reviewed evidence so support you assertions. You can't claim the consensus has broken down and then not be able to find journal articles supporting an alternative interpretation of the evidence. If the articles aren't there then the consensus still exists, and all we're left with is hot air from the denial industry.
Science, anyone?
I'm sorry the first paragraph is just wrong. Global warming suits todays Politicians as much as 'reds under the beds' did in the mid to late 20th century. As stated any scientist that does anything but agree with global warming becomes marginalised.  There does not seem to be much if any resources going into the research of alternative reasons for climate change so many of the so called deniers have just put forward other interpretations of the available data or pointed out where computers models have been incorrect. Global warming MAY be caused by human activity but it is by no means proven.  True story:  "Yes", said the captain of the Titanic. "we came in close contact with an iceberg, and she may be sinking, but it is by no means proven. Let's wait and see while the band plays on" :)
Photos from US spy satellites declassified by the Obama White House provide the first graphic images of how the polar ice sheets are retreating in the summer. The effects on the world's weather, environments and wildlife could be devastating Revealed: the secret evidence of global warming Bush tried to hide | Environment | The Observer
Global warming brings seious and tremendous effects to our environment. We should give a hand in helping save the environment from the effects of GW
Havent China, Russia and Europe got satellites capable of taking photographs of the polar ice caps? If not they could just send a plane! How could Bush keep it a secret? Faux.News and all the Faux.News clones, ABC, NBC and CBS. Not to mention the right wing takeover of PBS.
The evidence is rught in front of you, on your television screen.  Which is why I tossed the TV. American TV sucks!
Doesn't Rupert Murdoch (Faux.News) own most of Chinese TV?  And, I wouldn't be too surprised to learn that he owns a certain amount of Russian TV.
1. The planet is hotter than it's ever been before because we continue to pump CO2 into the air.   Even though our planet is getting warmer, it is still a lot cooler than it was 4000 years ago.  Our pumping of CO2 is certaintly not helping. Does that mean we should pump gasses and make people in big cities sneeze?  2. If all the trees are destroyed, then we will all suffocate due to lack of oxygen.   Most of our oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and even them oxygen makes up 21% of the earth's atmosphere so we won't be running out anytime soon.  Trees do more than just that. If you chop them down you change the climate, you destroy the homes of millions of animals, and you destroy nature's beauty. Obviously conservatives value 'extra' money more than the home of animals and nature's beauty.  Do you know much of our atmosphere is made of C02? 0.035%!  That makes a large difference you would be suprised. If it wasn't for that, we would be a lot cooler. We always had CO2, if it wasn't for that the Earth would probably be too cold for us in most places. We probably would have never existed if there were '0%' CO2. Increasing numbers in CO2 is certaintly dangerous.  I took a meterology class BTW.
I'd actually be more afraid of the CFCs.  They're the ones combining with ozone in the atmosphere and thinning the ozone layer.
 6. Global warming is a problem for everyone and will make us all hot and miserable!   Did you know that in Siberia they are HAPPY that it's getting warmer up there?    Let's talk about the people in Sri Lanka, which has lost hundreds of acres in the recent past due to climate changes. Who, with just a few more degrees on average, will be completely submerged soon. I have a feeling if we just go democratic on this, there's a few more votes in the tropical region than in the arctic.
[QUOTE=Ness757] Even though our planet is getting warmer, it is still a lot cooler than it was 4000 years ago.   I do not know whether the above statement is true or false, but for arguements sake, lets say it is true.  OK, the planet is not as hot as 4000 years ago. Is that a good thing?  Maybe, but the planet is heating up. And it will not just reach the heat of 4000 years ago and stop. 4000 years ago there wasn't as much toxic gases being released and other forms of pollution. I'm afraid the planet will continue heating and heating. Are we going to sit back and watch our planet's temp rise and rise? Does it have to reach a temp higher than that of 4000 years ago before we acknowledge the problem?
As far as the temperature 4000 yrs ago, it is generally accepted that they were higher. It is also generally accepted that CO2 levels were much higher, which was the cause of the increased global temperatures.  As far as the ice caps melting, they were much smaller then than they are now. Much more of the world was under water at the time.  I think it is pretty well established that increased CO2 levels will increase temperatures on earth. This has been tested on smaller scales in laboratories. There is nothing to suggest that the results of these experiments would not be scalable to the planet as a whole.  As far as the majority of o2 being generated by oceanic plants, it would be difficult or the environmentalists to talk people into "adopting" a patch of seaweed. Trees are big and beautiful. Seaweed is yucky and slimy,   There is a school of thought that says that the oceanic flora that provides the majority of our breathable oxygen is dying due to polution of the ocean. I haven't yet seen any hard numbers on this, so I personally am reserving judgement on this until more research is done.  I think that the dire predictions of "the end of the world" are a l little overstated. It is not the end of the world we are talking about, just the end of the world as we know it. This could allow self corection of the environment of a sort. Last time the global average temperature was 10 degrees higher than it is now, the eastern seaboard was underwater, as was the majority of California. See? The 2 larges polluting regions on the planet underwater. Nevada was a nice lake with all manner of aquatic life.   It was all still there, though. Just different.
Even though our planet is getting warmer, it is still a lot cooler than it was 4000 years ago.   The average global temperature follows a sinusoidal pattern, the general consensus is we are supposed to be approaching a peak. Projections show that instead of peaking, there will be continue to be an increase in average global temperature which exceeds that of the peak 4000 years previous.  Most of our oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and even them oxygen makes up 21% of the earth's atmosphere so we won't be running out anytime soon.   Your lungs depend on partial pressure to oxygenate your blood. A change in percentage concentration will result in a change in partial pressure. This affects how we breathe. Projections show that with global warming there will be a vast increase in ocean cloud coverage, resulting in inhibited growth and photosynthesis of ocean plants, resulting in a lower yield of O2 on average.   Like I said in #2, most of the earth's oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and we still have al the other forest.   The other forest does not photosynthesize all year round, the other forest is also in just as much danger as the rainforest. For some reason, radical environmentalists choose to place undue emphasis on the de-forestation of rainforest rather than global forest as a whole.  Like I said, if that were true it would have happened 4000 years ago when our planet was a whole lot hotter.   Ice is stilll ice at -30 or -40. I agree with your point that the earth will not flood, however, your justification is bogus. You also forget that with a temperature increase comes an increase in volume, its not the ice that people are worried about. Furthermore, certain currents are based on regional ocean temperatures and are responsible for the moderate climates in various areas (Britain for one).  There are many scientists that say this is true, but there are many more that say that it isn't   Some references please? In general, it seems that most climatologists agree that severe weather systems will occur more frequently with an increase in average global temperature. (ref:http://www.grida.no/climate/ipcc_tar/wg2/061.htm#1434)  Did you know that in Siberia they are HAPPY that it's getting warmer up there?   And down south wear the majority of people live, they aren't. The people in Siberia won't be too happy when their food source dries up.  Do you know much of our atmosphere is made of C02? 0.035%!  The amount of atmospheric greenhouse gases (CO2 is not the only greenhouse gas) threatens to snowball because of the rapid depletion of available carbon sinks and the consumption of existing ones. The MAIN problem with de-forestations is NOT that the trees are no longer removing CO2 from the atmosphere, but our use of them is adding CO2 to it (burning, etc.) and the other sources we could turn to to remove it are also being used up. Methane hydrates in the polar seabeds threaten to rapidly increase the amount of atmospheric greenhouse gases as soon as the temperature increases enough to destablize the ice crystals holding them in place.  added C02 will be boon for flora  The temperature increase will hamper growth about as much as the CO2 increase will help it.  Looking at it from an economic perspective climate change on the scale that the greenhouse effect is causing will do nothing good.
About trees  Trees bind Co2. If you chop down trees you increase the ammount of Co2 in the atmosphere, which is not a really good thing AFAIK.  About climate cycles  Climate cycles have been observed for a long time, and scientists who believe in the global warming theory do argue this on a basis on climate cycles. Apparantly we should be experiencing a "cooling" effect at the moment, but we are not. Scientist therefor fear that when we start experiencing the "heating" effect it will be quite extreme  About changing temperatures.  Changing temperatures do not necessarily mean a bad thing. Most often it do however, and it has nothing to do with us wanting it to be cooler or hotter outside. The temperature is very important for the ecological systems of any given area. If the temperature changes in Siberia this will effect the Siberians deer owners and their possibility to survive. Now, I`m not sure that the current temperature increase will effect the deers negatively or positivly, but if the temperature increase "too much" it would be disastrous for Siberians.   As for tempereatures 4000 years ago.  It might have been higher temperatures, and it might have been lower. But does this really matter? I mean, nobody is saying that humans as a specie will go extinct (unless we somehow kill ourselves with bombs). But an extreme temperature shift will claim lives, cause immense siffering in certain countries (like the SAMOA Islands) and could possibly make our whole economic system to crash. Why risk all of this?  As for melting polar caps.  The polar caps are not important in this respect. Sea levels will not rise dramaticly because the polar caps melt. Butthe sea levels will rise dramaticly if the temperature increases dramaticly. This is because when the water gets warmer, it also grows in volume.
are these numbers backed by any sort of fact ?   Those who dont like to pay a bit more for products to have them produced environmentally safe, tend to point to global warning (which propably isnt going to happen) and say "well, its not happening so theres nothing to worry about"  Im sorry.. pollution does have other causes.   Heavy metals in our water, oxygen death in lakes and oceans, smog, air pollution, acid rain..  We're pumping tons of **** into the air and into our food, and don't care because its cheaper that way.  Take a walk in a large city, then go out into the country side and notice the difference
As far as if all the ice melts it will flood the earth.......Um, isn't most of that ice FLOATING now? Most of it is already in the water/oceans, it's already displacing itself. If it melts, it will then just displace itself as water..whoopee.  Yes, humans do need to be more concerned about what is going wrong with the planet. Yes, we must stop wasting at the speed we are now. Yes, we do need to finds other methods that conserve energy and help to slow the decline in what is left of the hard to replace everything we are and have already used up.  We also need to muzzle some of the more extreme alarmists and control freaks who are more concerned with their being able to control others, than really doing positive things to save the planet.  Don't eat meat, don't eat fish, don't eat anything but plants. WELL, well what about the plants!!??. They have feelings too, ya' know!! Sure, save all those little and big sh*t factories. Then the veggie freaks want you to eat our friends the plants. emoticon_angry   How about going back to a balanced diet? That will include meat, fish, nuts, veggies, the whole works. Check it out....when mankind stood upright and learned to hunt, the we started the upward climb. Protein is needed, protein is meat, fish and fowl.  Shoot the rabbit, the deer, the carrot, the apple, the potatoe wheeeeeeeee.
so earth acts like a big ol' homeostatic equilibrium type thingie mostly  there isn't much we can do to lower the amount of CO2 in the atm, even by not driving cars, humans don't determine how much CO2 is present globally  even if we could artificially drive up the levels, there are things (mostly cyanobacteria and photoplankton) to suck it up and thrive on it  volcanos spew more noxious gases into the atm than all the cars in the world http://vulcan.wr.usgs.gov/Projects/Emissions/vgas_fsheet.html http://pubs.usgs.gov/of/of97-262/of97-262.html  despite what the EPA says: http://www.solcomhouse.com/globalwarming.htm what would they do if they couldn't enforce laws?  i don't think anyone has really found a direct causal link to stratoshperic ozone depletion and CFC use (might be wrong on this)  the only ice that wouldn't just level out with the water is over antartica and greenland  BUT, global warming is real and sea levels are rising, ask any polynesian are we to blame? i don't think anyone really knows for sure  the one environmental problem i can't stand is landfills what are we going to do with it all?
Both of your links = Nothing about comparsion of cars to volcanos.   Unlike many people on boards, I actually read the links.   Unlike your sources, which you apparently didn't read, I actually have something that is irrevelant.  Myth: Volcanoes and the Oceans are Causing Ozone Depletion http://www.epa.gov/ozone/science/volcano.html  well as long as its irrevelant:  who said the links i supplied weren't simply the source of laziness it looked like they gave info as to how much **** volcanoes spew and maybe someone else could look up how much **** cars spew  i don't trust the EPA site either (or the EPA, they just like rules to have some rules and keep their jobs: job-related complaint)   The page only talks about HCl emissions from volcanoes (that spew HCl into the stratosphere, not just the troposhpere). So it's water soluble, it destroys ozone while it's up there, along with all the NOx and SO2. They only vaguely skirt around the issue with no data to back up what they are saying. Yes, CFCs don't dissolve in water but do you really think that we constantly pump out so much CFCs to reduce the ozone layer of the earth? (Don't forget that ozone is constantly being replenished.) http://www.idph.state.il.us/envhealth/factsheets/ozone.htm   Here is a site from NOAA and IGAC that tries to compare man-made emissions to natural emissions. Notice the graph that only deals with NOx, NH3, and N2O. Notice the error bars and what they say about the amount of uncertainty. Try to catch the bottom where they glance over xCl emissions. http://www.igac.noaa.gov/newsletter/igac22/natural.html the paper they cite at the bottom was 15 MB so you can download it if you want: http://www.agu.org/journals/jd/jd9907/jd104_7.html   actually that whole page of table of contents has a lot of papers that inventory natural emissions of things (including ozone depleting stuff) and a lot of papers that inventory man-made emissions  i have access so when I get to a T1 connection I'll download them and try to share the info somehow (if I come across this thread again) :)  should be interesting
   Even though our planet is getting warmer, it is still a lot cooler than it was 4000 years ago.    did you know that 4000 years ago the oceans were over 100 feet higher than they are now? Places like Lake champlain were an inland sea, and all of florida was submerged(it's a really big, old coral reef)?   Most of our oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and even them oxygen makes up 21% of the earth's atmosphere so we won't be running out anytime soon.   did you know that mearly a drop to 19% oxygen is enough to make you pass out?  Like I said in #2, most of the earth's oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and we still have al the other forest.   what other forest? By your logic there would only be one left in the entire world, and it would be what, the size on central park?  Like I said, if that were true it would have happened 4000 years ago when our planet was a whole lot hotter.   Like i said, it did happen. Also, when icecaps melt, ground, shurbs and water appear where ice once was. These things don't reflect light as well as ice, and makes the earth even hotter. It's a self perpetuating process, humans just started it.  There are many scientists that say this is true, but there are many more that say that it isn't   I'd like to see your source for this...weather is the world's air conditioning. By taking warm water and using it's energy towards precipitation the overall temp is effectively reduced.    Did you know that in Siberia they are HAPPY that it's getting warmer up there?   Acutally global warming causes it to be hotter in the summer and colder in the winter, which is bad for any living thing.  Do you know much of our atmosphere is made of C02? 0.035%! Did you know prior to humans it was at .018%?
Why do some of you guys insist on being rabid haters of anyone who cares about the enviroment. The question isn't why do these people care about the enviroment, it's WHY DON'T YOU??
I'd be happy to play the game - Source? Source? Forest acreage? Source? This one is particularly eggregious. Source?  Waxy  Do your own research. I am not interested in playing a game.
Man made or natural? are you joking?
I have a debate thing in one of my classes and I was just trying to get proof for it. man made: http://www.epa.gov/ozone/resource/public.html  this is the most basic site, but i'm sure there are many links abound.
I have a debate thing in one of my classes and I was just trying to get proof for it.  With global warming at least there is some debate. As far as ozone goes, there is no question that it is man made. Just see the comparison between the ozone hole's size change and CFC usage.
emoticon_xbouncer Of course it is man made. CFC is one of the culprits causing ozone hold destruction. After the Montreal Protocol placed a band on CFC, I believed it was mandated in the 90's the scientists notice that ozone hold seemed to be recovering.
Wow,,,very interesting. Cant wait to see the replies to this.  It is interesting however to be expected. Of course no one here said that CFC's were the only cause of ozone depletion as you seem to think. What was brought up here was the direct link between strong ozone depletion and CFC's. So sure there will be ozone depletion without the use of CFC's but as shown in this thread so far, CFC's are a major offender in the battle to save the ozone. The CFC comparison also shows that man is the primary cause of ozone depletion.
They said CFC was the main culprit. So I went after CFC. If you want to come up with another "reason" then I'm waiting......  In what way did you go after CFC's as far as it being a main culprit? You said nothing to show that CFC's are not a main if not the main culprit of ozone depletion. All you showed is that they are not the only culprit.
I'm bored.....I don't like science anyway, why am I part of this debate?  I'm no scientist either so I'll mention only what I can find proof of on the net. It seems that CFC's are products contain a certain amount of chlorine in them which is proven to cause ozone depletion. That would mean that any other product released into the air that contains any amount of chlorine would also cause ozone depletion particularly if they were not washed back down to earth by rain. Bromine is another element which creates ozone depletion and is found in particals called halons used in fire extinguishers before 1993. The manufacturing of stryrofoam was also found to release ozone depleting chemicals into the air as well as volcanic eruptions and the burning of fossil fuels.  This is what I could find during a quick search of the net. The one thing that I couldn't find that I would have liked to was a photo timeline of the ozone hole from the 1950's (estimated) to today. Anyways, I hope this is what you were looking for.
The fire extinguishers did it! I knew it! They called me crazy, but I was right! HAHAHAHA!!!!!    ::Runs off into the distance::   ::Comes back::   Sorry, had to get some of that sarcasm out of my system.  Sarcastic indeed. I guess you had no where else to go with your debate anyways.
I've even heard... (blah,blah)  That's the qualifier right there. Provide some evidence and then we can talk about natural vs. unnatural.
@syklopps  well than there is no debate, you make the sweeping claim that any information provided is invalid other than research directly conducted by myself.  I, on the other hand, prefer to trust those who I know to do impartial and objective research. But if you are convinced they have an agenda I doubt I will be able to change your opinion to the contrary.  I'm very skeptical of "evidence" that depletion of the ozone layer is man (U.S.) made.  I am very skeptcial of "evidence" that depletion of the ozone layer is NOT man made. (Note: I could care less about the passive-agressive everyone hates americans argument)
Man made or natural?  Whether it is man made or natural or both factors work together; I think it is the beginning of serious changes in the atmosphere.
Lets gt the first thign clear, ozone depletion is not or man threat.  Ozone depletion is both natural and man made. The Poolar Vortex causes a natural depletion. However ozone in that region with out human interaction is still more dense then in regiosn with human interaction.  Yes human interaction has thinned it, it however can replace itself (to a limit). Human production in the past actually was much more damaging then the natural accurance.  The thinning of the ozone that blocks UV light can be less of a threat to the thicking of the atmosphere. UV lights comes in unaffected, however heat does not escape as easily.  Politicians don't care people, get used to that. They hire scientist to spread lies to avoid truth, that has been documented. GLad our tax dollars pay for that. The offiials care about now and their pay checks, not what may happen to society with rising temps, increased drought, facing famine, and what the next few generatiosn will ahve to deal with.  Simple. Put more into space exploration and make an outpost of mars. Get those who are not concerned of the planet.
Couple thoughts... The US has used natural resoursesin the past to bail itself out of a financial wreck. A depression and three big wars.  Environmental considerations are a luxury poor nations do not have, our natural resources have in part allowed that luxury, to deny access to those resourses will eliminate options for the country in the future.....mining, cheap energy, fertilizer, forests....  I think the environmental system the US currently uses if flawed in that it trots out icons that appeal to the public instead of those things that will actually have a positive effect on the world we live in. ie baby fur seals, wolves, a rank old tree that needs to go away, condemning nuclear energy which is by far leaves the smallest environmental footprint of any power sources.  We need to weigh honest cost/benefit to all environmental decisions....cuz the cost can be deceptivly high. Lets not drown the baby in the bath water.
There is no way that any economy is more important than the environment. The economy is an important factor in today's world, however it is not essential to thrive and enjoy life. An economy is no use when everybody will be slowly and eventually walking themselves to extinction.
There is no way that any economy is more important than the environment. The economy is an important factor in today's world, however it is not essential to thrive and enjoy life. An economy is no use when everybody will be slowly and eventually walking themselves to extinction.   The environment -is- a poor nations economy, whereas wealthy nations with modern technology have options. Example: nuclear power instead of stripping a forest of firewood and Email instead of freighting wood based mail around.  People of educated wealthy nations have fewer children, in some cases barely enough to support their population. But both China and India's people are a burden on its environment. Per capita/economic output the US makes a much smaller environmental footprint.  The US has developed 10% of its landmass.
This article:  http://news.independent.co.uk/world/americas/story.jsp?story=593660  describes how the Innuit people up north are saying that the US is largely responsible for the climate change that threatens their culture's existence. They say it violates their human rights.  This reminded me of another group of people, Pacific Islanders, who, although are small in number, were a major voice at the Kyoto Conference. They showed that they are losing coastline, farmland, and livable space around the rims of their islands and that whole atolls are being submerged and are no longer habitable because of rising ocean levels. They claim that the rise in ocean levels is caused by global warming and that is caused by human CO2 emissions.  In fact, Tuvalu is also looking to sue the United States and other industrialized nations on the grounds that their pollution is contributing to the situation.  http://www.disasterrelief.org/Disasters/020314Tuvalu/  So, do these folks have a case?
This article:  http://news.independent.co.uk/world/americas/story.jsp?story=593660  describes how the Innuit people up north are saying that the US is largely responsible for the climate change that threatens their culture's existence. They say it violates their human rights.  This reminded me of another group of people, Pacific Islanders, who, although are small in number, were a major voice at the Kyoto Conference. They showed that they are losing coastline, farmland, and livable space around the rims of their islands and that whole atolls are being submerged and are no longer habitable because of rising ocean levels. They claim that the rise in ocean levels is caused by global warming and that is caused by human CO2 emissions.  In fact, Tuvalu is also looking to sue the United States and other industrialized nations on the grounds that their pollution is contributing to the situation.  http://www.disasterrelief.org/Disasters/020314Tuvalu/  So, do these folks have a case?  I'm not familiar with the Innuit issue, but Smithsonian recently published a comprehensive article on the South Pacific situation. I don't have any scientific opinions one way or the other, but considering that our energy-aligned administration removed most emission legislation compliance requirements from our energy industry to enhance their profitability doesn't exactly qualify us for international neighbor of the year.
I agree.  And this talk about a 'hydrogen economy' is a smoke screen. Hydrogen will never replace fossil fuels as an energy source because hydrogen is not an energy source. I don't know how much of this is true, but I have heard that the Clinton admin was pushing for stronger emissions regulations on cars, but these restrictions were scaled down without anyone noticing because they were convinced that 10 years from now there will be hydrogen cars buzzing all over.   Unless hydrogen can be manufactured without fossil fuels in any significant quantity and cheaply, the 'hydrogen ecenomy' will never happen.  Just about any energy source can be used to make hydrogen, but then why wouldn't you just use that energy source? You can make hydrogen without using fossil fuels by electrolysing water. You can get the electricity from many sources, but then why bother with the hydrogen? Why not just plug a battery up to the power source and run your car on that? The only advantage hydrogen would have is charge time. It takes a lot less time to fill a tank with gas than it takes to charge most batteries. But would that time saving be worth all the energy you need to expend to split water and then to compress the hydrogen (it takes a lot of energy to do this)?  Anyway, went of on a tangent there.
Nothing will replace fossil fuels until they reach a market price that favors an alternative.
I wish to have a formal debate in the Debate Tournaments section on global warming. I propose the subject title of "Global Warming is both occuring and has been shown to be at least in part caused by human activity"  I will take the afirmative position. Anyone want to argue the opposite?
Redratio1? Gnojek? You both like to claim that global warming is nonsense, so here's your chance to demonstrate it. Are you both admiting you really know jack **** about the topic and are unable to formally debate it?  Waxy, you claim I go too far in claiming that human activity definitely contributes to global warming (I think - never too sure what your real position is on global warming). If you want the wording changed to allow you to take the opposite position, then say...
You couldn't possibly have chosen a more vague or easier to defend position. :p (Other than saying global warming might be occurring)  "At least in part caused by human activity"? emoticon_frazzled C'mon.Perhpas you missed this bit " If you want the wording changed to allow you to take the opposite position, then say..."?  Nor could you have been more arrogant and insulting in doing so. emoticon_rolleyesOf course I could. I was being constrained.  Quite frankly, I think we've been through this, and I don't have the time nor the desire to commit to a formal debate.OK. No probs Mr Yellow Belly :p  ;)
I'll debate you, on one condition. The statement that you must defend is "mankind's release of CO2 will cause global warming" or something similar. No nebulous claims that we "have an affect" or similarly unquantifiable, touchy-feely unscientific position. Not sure I follow you here. But I'll try another title:  "Global warming is a real event that is happening now and its primary cause is human activity"  Any good?  I'll even let you start the debate and I'll go on the defensive right from the start. Deal?Fine.  Oh, BTW, I've traded posts with Waxy for quite a while starting in another forum two years ago, he's anything BUT yellow bellied. emoticon_rolleyesI know. Thus the "wink" smilie.
Since we both agree that global warming is real, how about "Global warming's primary cause is human activity"? You can argue the affirmative and I'll argue the negative. OK?Sounds good to me.  OK, since billsco is chomping at the bit for us to have this debate, let's discuss the details.  I propose: 1. The debate will be "Global warming's primary cause is human activity" and I will argue the affirmative. 2. JPSartre12 will argue the negative. 3. I will start the debate and will be allowed a total of 5 posts. 4. JPSartre12 will be allowed a total of 4 posts. 5. Each party must post a response within 4 days (96 hours) of their opponent posting. 6. billsco shall be appointed "umpire". He will provide three judges (approved by both debating parties) who shall judge the debate and he shall set up the debate thread only once all is agreed. 7. I must post my first post within 4 days (96 hours) of billsco setting up the thread.  Does that meet with your approval, or do you want to do things differently?
Global warming is a controversy. Personally I am like hundred of maybe thousands if not millions of people that think it is liberal ########. The hole in the ozone layer is false, and I am sure this is too. -John Milosevic  You mean that hole that has been observed and proven, repeatedly? Climate Change is a controversy in the same way as the earth being broadly spherical is a controversy. There's a group of nutters who think the earth is flat; doesn't mean there is any reason to believe it is.
Ehh I thought ozone depletion and global warming are not correalted? Also, I really don't think we have enough info to determine if humans are the cause of major global warming.  They're not related, as far as I'm aware. The evidence on globa warming, however, is pretty overwhelming.
We know that we have been releasing large quantities of CO2 above normal levels. We know that CO2 is currently at high levels and increasing in the atmosphere (more particularly increasing at a very high rate, CO2 was higher approx 650000 years ago IIRC, the rate of change is vital, however). We know the link between CO2 and global warming. How much more evidence is needed? The fact that you maintain the fantasy that the world could be as little as 10k years old shows how little grasp you have on the situation.
If my recollection is correct, the atmosphere is approx 80% Nitrogen.   Actually, I've just had a check and water vapour makes up between 0 and 4% of the atmosphere, Nitrogen 78%, Oxygen 21%. CO2 is very low, but that is rather irrelevant as it is percentage change, and the rate of that change, that is important. It's rather like air pressure. If you go straight from 1000mB to 400mB, you will do yourself a mischief. If you go gradually from one to the other, you should be alright. If you go down to 200mB, after a couple of minutes you're pretty much dead whatever happens.
Here's one. There are lots of others.  http://www.envirotruth.org/myth3.cfm   The problem is that taking CO2 and water vapour as bare percentages of the atmosphere doesn't account for the spectra of light which they absorb. In simple terms, the Sun emits radiation in a broad spectrum, which is partly reflected back by the earth, partly absorbed and re-emited. Greenhouse gases have energy levels such that the frequencies of radiation emitted by the earth are similar to those required to raise an electron up an energy level. Some greenhouse gases block more of this spectrum than others.
The Daily Telegraph is in the pocket of big business interests, it's about as trustworthy on this as Exxon Mobil's PR department.  UEA is a respectable university, however, and the latest press release from their website seems to contradict what the torygraph is saying: http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/press/2006-02-hotspots/  I can also quote from the information sheets on the website of the unit: "The year 2005 was the second warmest on record, exceeded by 1998" So, in other words, the torygraph is manipulating statistics and talking out of their collective arses. They chose the two warmest years on record and tried to make something out of the fact that the warmest was before the second warmest.
This article, from the Daily Telegraph, states that data from the "Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia" shows "that for the years 1998-2005 global average temperature did not increase (there was actually a slight decrease, though not at a rate that differs significantly from zero)."  Does anyone know anything about this university (i.e. is it reputable in this area of science)? Also, any thoughts on the author and his interpretation of this data (if the data is reliable that is).  My thought is, don't treat editorials as if they were sources of facts. I went to the CRU website, and their home page has a graphic showing definite warming over the time period in question.  http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/  Bob Carter, the guy who wrote your editorial, is either a fool or not above lying to make a point. The world is clearly getting hotter, all the data supports this. It's not like we're talking rocket science here. All this takes is reading a thermometer and writing down the results, which is a task that people have mastered for quite some time now. Anyone who tells you that we aren't heating up is either in denial, or in the pay of someone who doesn't want to be told to stop polluting.
The Daily Telegraph is in the pocket of big business interests, it's about as trustworthy on this as Exxon Mobil's PR department.  I can also quote from the information sheets on the website of the unit: "The year 2005 was the second warmest on record, exceeded by 1998" So, in other words, the torygraph is manipulating statistics and talking out of their collective arses. They chose the two warmest years on record and tried to make something out of the fact that the warmest was before the second warmest.  It's an odd article for Telegraph, though I haven't noticed this Bob Carter bloke before. It contradicts almost all the environmental stories they've done before and comes with an unwelcome seam of personal opinion in the article. If anything it sounds like some of the stuff you hear from the US denying the existance of Global Warming. Jo, I know you don't read the Telegraph but you are way off regarding the normal content.
I also visited the university's website and looked at their data. There does appear to be information which contradicts with the above listed article's claims (e.g. - http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/temperature/nhshgl.gif). Not sure what he is talking about.  It is pretty bizzare. There are plenty of groups out there that will reach whatever "conclusion" you pay them to reach. Why he didn't cite one of them instead of an easily checkable source that says the opposite of what he says they do is beyond me.
...theres some good stuff in there.  Not really. Global warming is a fact. The only question is whether we are a significant contributor to it at this time. Btw cars are only part of the problem. Electrical generation 24/7 with fossil fuels is a big concern.
it's about as factual as you get when talking about a chaotic system in 50 years time. There's more doubt about the standard model of particle physics.
I can never figure why those who have no fasith in global warming are usually conservatives. Why is this???
By saying that i don't know if your just ignoring what i said in my post or if your just saying that it is a fact....  If your just saying that it is a fact, well i didn't say it wasn't, i didn't say it was. "i said i believe it to be a crock"...  ITS A THEORY!!!  no one knows enough about whats going on, and if it is its doubtfull that we are the primary contirbutors. Read my previous post and you'll understand, becasue as i said there's some godd stuff in there. emoticon_xgood  Your powers of articulation leave much to be desired but I did read your painful post. The Earth is warming at present. Fact. Maybe you've seen all the ice melting on the news? We are contributing. Fact. Are we the primary cause? Not sure.   So let's just ignore the problem, right? The rapture coming soon anyway.:xbanghead
global warming is not a "fact" as people think it is defined. Is the earth slightly warming? Maybe...but that is the best you can say. You can't state as "fact" the reasons, whether it is natural or not, or whether humans are contributing to it.  Not maybe and not slightly. Yes, it is a fact we are contributing.   Who are "people" and what is "think it is defined"? Oh, I forgot, you're the authority on definitions.
HAHA my powers of articulation leave much to be desired eh...  Well at least im not taken in my pictures of melting ice.  Hey you want melting ice come up here to Canada eh, we get lots. Always have.  Taken in? Those aren't special effects, pal. If we lose the caps we could have a 20ft. rise in sea level. You know how many cities that would flood? Besides, I'd bet most Canadians pray for global warming.:)
Don't worry, i think the problem seems to be undercontrol... If there is a problem....  http://www.globalwarming.org/article.php?uid=175  Did you know that the primary funding for the CEI comes from Exxon?  Wake up, dittohead.
You aren't the authority on stating things as fact either. In fact (pun intended) there are many scientists who don't buy it. I saw a news story yesterday where a Mass. meteorogists said that there are many scientists who don't by that global warming is caused by humans...it is too inconclusive. I didn't state that there is conclusive evidence that it is caused by humans. I said global warming is happening and our activities are contributing.
which is not a fact...  The idea that human contributed to the .5 degree celisius increase is disputed. http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=17798  A 35% increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide since pre-indusrtrial times with no impact? Please.
The important thing is to bury our heads in the sand, and then go fill up our SUV's for a trip to the local shops.
http://www.fraserinstitute.ca/shared/readmore.asp?sNav=pb&id=237  It doesn't matter what the increase in carbon dioxide is because it has little effect. The big contributor to a rise in temperature is water vapor, which we have no control over. Because the atmosphere is mostly made up of water vapor if you were to increase its amount by even 1% you would get a temperature change of 4 degrees Celsius, thats almost a 10 degree fahrenheit change for my friends down South.   One should be careful about basing one's opinions on a single scientific report. Especially one where personal bias can so easily be seen. She's basically saying "No, we should be worrying about (and spending research money on) CO2. The real problem just happens to be in my field, solar radiation, so send your research money my way." From what I can gather her work is not getting very favorable peer review.
One should be careful about basing one's opinions on a single scientific report. Especially one where personal bias can so easily be seen. She's basically saying "No, we should be worrying about (and spending research money on) CO2. The real problem just happens to be in my field, solar radiation, so send your research money my way." From what I can gather her work is not getting very favorable peer review.  In addition, this is right there in black and white:  "Meaningful assessments of the environmental impacts of anthropogenic CO2 are not yet possible because model estimates of global and regional changes in climate on interannual, decadal and centennial time-scales remain highly uncertain."  Nevermind that the two of them are astrophysicists not climatologists.
Alright well I got my information from the second link, if you even took a look at what I sent you would realize that. Vladimir Shaidurov is a man, that's why I think it's safe to say you're purely passing your post on the first link not the second. The first link was merely something interesting to read, the second one under my post was where I got my info. Sorry I take part of the blame I should have labeled them a little better.  Evan,  Those "enviromental whackos" may be extremist and even misguided but why trust those who have a monetary stake in disproving global warming? Can you see how this meteor theory is so difficult to substantiate as to be perfect for clouding the issue for who knows how long? Perfect if you are in the fossil fuel business. I'd bet they're begging to fund his research.
Didn't we have a Ice Age at least once wherein glaciers formed far south of where they are now? I suspect things have warmed up quite a bit since then.  According to one seemingly valid source, the earth has had four periods of Glaciations in which ice covered vaste amounts of what are now occupied areas. That means global warming was followed by global cooling, then again by global warming and cooling. The last Ice Age was some 18,000 years ago.  Get out your winter clothes! Here comes another Ice Age!emoticon_xhoho
There are several theories out there, and it appears that liberals choose to accept Human interference. Why? because environmentalist have blown up this particular theory because it point figures at us, when this happens the public wants hasty action and the liberals ease their guilt by throwing money at programs such a Kyoto.   Let's focus Evan. Why do liberals want to fingers at us? Because of guilt? What guilt? Because they just want to spend money? Why? Now if you said because they're simply anti-capitalist, anti-industrialist, I could imagine that.  Have a look at these glaciers and ice fields: http://www.worldviewofglobalwarming.org/pages/glaciers.html
Let's focus Evan. Why do liberals want to fingers at us? Because of guilt? What guilt? Because they just want to spend money? Why? Now if you said because they're simply anti-capitalist, anti-industrialist, I could imagine that.  Have a look at these glaciers and ice fields: http://www.worldviewofglobalwarming.org/pages/glaciers.htmlI do not doubt global warming is occuring as we speak. However, I have long been skeptical of comparisons made on the basis of two pictures of snow covered mountains. The glacier pictures are more telling. The snow pictures could have been made in exceptional years...one with exceptionally little snow and one with exceptionally heavy snow.  As to the cause, I suspect we are somewhat at fault. However, I also believe it is a naturally occuring thing that we are simply speeding up. We're due for a non Ice Age melting of the polar caps in about 50,000 years. Then we'll have about 200,000 years without ice caps and then another freezing period. All IMHO of course.
i would have though there was more vested interests in denying global warming that agreeing with it
Now now, come on. Let's focus here. Why do liberals point the figure at us? They blame the American people; they tell them that they are all wrong, humanity as we know it is evil. Mother nature's only true predator is man! They've imbedded in part of the public that they people of the Untied States of America are bad people.   "Wait a min, you mean its my fault... o man, I can't believe it.... SOMETHING MUST BE DONE!"  And the liberals say "Well it's true, but you are not condemned to hell, we can safe you immortal sole. We will impose taxes and regulations and you will be cleansed." Then they lean to their comrades and laugh quietly.  Why do they do this? Well it's because they have an on going mission to have a larger government, more victims and guilty Americans, and yes it would appear that they have a vendetta against Capitalism. Environmentalists do not consider America to be the only country hurting the environment. We just have the largest number of people with a high standard of living. That standard has an environmental cost. Would you agree with that?
I don't understand why these environmentalists choose to jump to hasty conclusions, and keep trying to implement solutions to problems they really have no knowledge about and insufficient information, much like the Kyoto protocol. And yet you accept the word of a drug addicted glutton with no scientific background whatsoever. Why is that?
We have a huge responsiblity towards the planet... that pro choice attitude has been running right through humanities attitude towards nature for a very long time "its my planet, I can do what I want with it" but we cant... We arnt the owners of the planet we are the planets guradian, our attitude towards the earth and nature should be to care for and cherish our natural habitat   obviously we are the "crown of creation" the highest form of life on the planet, now the topic at hand shows how the words of christ are filled with eternal wisdom "the greatest among you must be your servent" as the highest form of life on the planet we have a resposiblity to the earth, to serve it, but we have made it serve us, we have plunded our natural habitat instead of nurturing it, embracing it we have only looked to take from the earth and again christs words ring true in my ears "it is better to give than to recieve" and I think its beyond time we gave something back to the earth.   In christian teaching, with the resurection of christ it wasnt only humanity that was raised up, it was the whole of creation, the world and everything in it became the footstool of christ, almighty god and everyone and everything had to be respected and loved as creatures of god and christians were given the task of bringing this good news along with the fact mankind had been given the opportunity to accept and once again take up our responsiblities as "crown of creation" and become the "new tenants" in his "vineyard"   christ said " I am the saviour of the world"   his teachings certainly support this statement especially in todays world because becoming servents of the world and giving to it instead of recieving from it and plundering our natural habitat is the only way creation can survive... Its no longer a matter of the "right thing to do" its a matter of our salvation.   People say christianity has no meaning, no relevence to our time, and many ask me how I know Christianity is True..... if only people would open their eyes!
Way off. Dinosaurs were around from approximately 248 million years ago till 65 million years ago. 248-65= 183 million years.  Humans are at what, maybe 60,000 years?   The earliest skeleton of 'modern man' is about 195,000 years old.  There is genetic evidence that modern man went through an 'bottleneck' event about 70 to 80,000 years ago.
"humble ape?" LOL! Do they keep them in separate cages at the zoo?  You don't get the point. I didn't think you would. That would require INTELLIENCE.
So, Trebor butchers "intelligence," like I thought he would. LOL!   So, I can't spell. On the other hand, I understand people. And I am not someone who has too much starch in their shorts, and is so unhappy with themself and the world (like you are)
Why is it the religious people are obsessed with spelling?  I have a theory:  In a chat room anytime someone misspells something it is all ways the women that scorn the evildoer.  Religious men are obsessively homophobic which we now know thanks to the advanced modern science of psychological stuff is repressed homosexuality, meaning they like boys.  Therefore and in conclusion they are girls.   Stop insulting girls
Oh ok, sorry girls!  Maybe girls will like me better now?   You never know till you ask ;p
Here's an interesting way to deal with global warming:  http://www.crnc.org/index.php?content=beach  You mean, with denial of the fact???
I recall Al Gore's book about the environment. It was so technical, it was unreadable. It was funny when George Bush 41 referred to Gore as "Ozone Man" because of his preoccupation with the ozone layer. I have read the ozone layer repairs itself. Maybe. The big issue with Gore is global warming. This is the tendency for man-made carbon dioxide to trap heat in Earth's atmosphere. The fear is, the earth will be heated to a point that its polar caps melt, inundating coastal cities. Unchecked, Earth could become a hell like Venus although we would be dead long before. The problem I have is that geologists say we are between Ice Ages. If another Ice Age is inevitable, might not global warming serve as a device for heating the globe? Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere may trap the sun's energy and prevent glaciers from flowing north and south to drive the planet's population toward the equator. It sounds crazy. We are trying to figure out whether we will burn up or freeze to death, whether we are going to drown or die of thirst because all the water is locked up in ice. If global warming is taking place (and apparently it is), I am not sure it is an entirely bad thing. It got pretty cold in Nashville last winter. If it is a bad thing, I am not sure that man in his ingenuity will not find a remedy. I stay mainstream.
I Believe that the world will reach a certain heat, (warm enough to melt enough ice to stop the gulf stream) at which point the UK and Europe will dramatically cool to a more siberian temp. If Anyone who reads this has seen the film "the day after Tomorrow you may think im this science fixtion. However after researching on the possibility i discovered that if enough fresh water were to flow south to the Gulf Stream it would be cut off sue to the different densities and such. Any Comments?
The day after tomorrow IS science fiction, at least bits of it are. There's no way the sea could cool as fast as the film suggests, for example. Any temperature change is likely to be far more slow. Climate change is the preferred term rather than global warming precisely because the precise local changes are not predictable, the warming is only the average. Whatever happens, most people in the US and Europe will survive. It's everyone else that gets screwed, because we can afford to mitigate the effects, while they can't. The problem comes for us when India is flooded with 300 million Bangladeshi refugees and harvests fail, sparking religious violence, triggering war with pakistan, rising to nuclear exchanges... and on, and on. Basically rapid climate change will have a massive destabilising effect, even before we consider the moral responsibility we have to those people whose lives we just screwed up.
Except that we have a known causal link between human activity, greenhouse gases and temperature change. There is also the rate of increase that is unusual. If temperatures had risen over the last 10,000 years as quickly as they're rising now, the sea would pretty much have boiled.  As for the allegation that environmentalists are in this for the money, how many multi-millionaire environmental campaigners are there? How much do you think the director of Greenpeace makes? Want to compare that with the oil barons?
But greenpeace isn't like any other company, because it's not making any money. Its leaders get paid little compared to the CEOs of similar sized companies. If you're prepared to believe Greenpeace is engaged in a conspiracy to lie about climate change, why are you prepared to believe the information churned out by the oil industry and its paid lackies, where you really can see the money trail?  As for that graph, look at the scales for a minute. CO2 is currently running at 380ppm, the top of that graph is at most around the 300 million mark. Yes there are natural cycles, but we are beyond the extremes of the cycle suggested by that graph, and the link between CO2 and warming is a simple matter of fundamental physics.
Climate-change is a better phrase then global worming, because man-made changes are happening that are causing other issues other than just warming. This has led to some confusion among those who have been duped into believing that climate-change isn't happening.
Robertson, like the proverbial stopped clock, is sometimes right by sheer luck.  As for your second point, 9 of the 10 hottest years on record have been in the last decade. The fact that there are local variations is neither here nor there.
Maybe. There's good scientists on both sides of the issue. No. There really aren't. If you want to live in LaLa Land and pretend climate change isn't happening, be my guest, but don't try to make it seem as if there is some major controversy in the scientific community about it when there isn't.
Maybe. There's good scientists on both sides of the issue.  But regarding Robertson, he's not basing his views on science at all. He's basing it on the fact he was hot the other day.  No, there really aren't. As for Robertson, why do you think I said he was right (as in global warming is happening and we are largely responsible) by sheer luck?
No, it's been claimed before in other threads, and all that has come up are people who don't specialise in the subject or people on the pay roll of the oil companies.
Here's a list of papers published in New Scientist on Global Warming, which do you think show that it isn't happening?  1. The bucket of bugs we all came from There are hundreds of times more species of microbes in the oceans than previously thought, a genetic analysis of sea samples reveals 06 August 2006 Breaking News  2. The bucket of bugs we all came from There are hundreds of times more species of microbes in the oceans than previously thought, a genetic analysis of sea samples reveals 05 August 2006 From magazine issue 2563 News  3. 60 Seconds 05 August 2006 From magazine issue 2563 News  4. Ocean acidification: the other CO2 problem As the oceans soak up ever more carbon dioxide, coral reefs could perish along with innumerable other sea creatures. New Scientist reports on a disaster in the making 05 August 2006 From magazine issue 2563 Features  5. New pathway to pollution in Arctic As global warming allows new shipping shortcuts through the Arctic, the pristine environment may suffer  26 July 2006 From magazine issue 2561 News  6. Global warming will hurt Californian wine industry The changing climate could scorch up to 80% of the US's grape-growing areas, making them too hot to produce wine by the end of the century 15 July 2006 From magazine issue 2560 News  7. Editorial: Kyoto in crisis Can the protocol survive a loss of faith from Germany, its staunchest supporter? 08 July 2006 From magazine issue 2559 Editorial  8. Review: An Inconvenient Truth Al Gore may be a master at getting his message across, but his new movie is still an unlikely success story - what are the magic ingredients? 08 July 2006 From magazine issue 2559 Review  9. The hidden cost of wind turbines When the turbines go up, it's not just the scenery that suffers, it's the atmosphere too. Ed Douglas reveals the environmental costs of wind power 08 July 2006 From magazine issue 2559 Features  10. Bird extinction rates far worse than realised Every year another species of bird vanishes forever, and the rate could accelerate to 10 per year by the end of the century 03 July 2006 Breaking News  11. US Congress starts to believe in climate change A weighty report concludes that the controversial 'hockey stick' graph showing global warming this century is real 01 July 2006 From magazine issue 2558 News  12. Carbon proposals 01 July 2006 From magazine issue 2558 Letters  13. Histories: The parable of the vanishing fish In 1386 the Mayor of London wanted answers to a question that was bothering the entire city. Why had all the fish disappeared from the river Thames? The culprit was one of the most powerful women in England, the Abbess of Barking 01 July 2006 From magazine issue 2558 Histories  14. Why aliens love a good moon Who says ET lives on a planet? We may be more likely to find him on a giant moon rocked by violent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions 30 June 2006 From magazine issue 2558 Features  15. Fertilisers give the lungs of the planet bad breath Rainforest soils polluted with fertilisers could trigger the release of disproportionately large quantities of carbon dioxide 28 June 2006 From magazine issue 2557 News  16. Venus's double vortex raises new mystery The atmospheric structure, long ago detected over the planet's north pole, has been seen for the first time above the south pole - but its cause is unknown 27 June 2006 Breaking News  17. US Supreme Court to rule on climate change The court will decide whether the evidence for global warming is sufficient to merit controls on carbon dioxide emissions from cars 27 June 2006 Breaking News  18. US report backs study on global warming A report commissioned by the US Congress backs findings that the past few decades were the warmest in 400 years 23 June 2006 Breaking News  19. Kyoto promises are nothing but hot air Governments are hugely under-reporting greenhouse gas emissions from their territories 22 June 2006 From magazine issue 2557 News  20. Histories: Captain William's obsession with tides In the 18th century, commercial ships often ran a gauntlet when approaching a dock, but one man took the guesswork out of tide prediction 17 June 2006 From magazine issue 2556 Histories  21. Tidal stretch 17 June 2006 From magazine issue 2556 Letters  22. Night flights give bigger boost to global warming Analysis of aircraft movements reveal that contrails left by night flights cause more warming than those of daytime flights 14 June 2006 From magazine issue 2556 News  23. The rise and fall of William Shockley How can someone go from being a Nobel-prizewinning physicist and entrepreneur to a detested outsider? An answer is provided by Broken Genius, which vividly portrays the life of "the creator of the electronic age" 10 June 2006 From magazine issue 2555 Review  24. The heat is on for desert life Global warming and human incursions are set to make life harder than ever for the highly specialised creatures and plants that live in the driest places on Earth 10 June 2006 From magazine issue 2555 News  25. Coral algae could adapt to warming The algae that live inside coral polyps may be able to adapt to global warming - up to a point 10 June 2006 From magazine issue 2555 News
The issue is not whether the earth is warming--that's not what being on the other side of the global warming debate means. The issue is, assuming it is getting warmer, whether the cause is natural or because of humans.  That's an interesting question, but does the answer really matter? We know the Earth is getting warmer, and we know this will have devastating effects on millions if not billions of people. Given that, shouldn't we do everything we can to reverse the trend, even if we aren't the primary cause? We know that greenhouse gases can contribute to warming, so even if we can't prove that they're causing the current warming trend, shouldn't we cut them anyway, simply because that's all we can do?
It would be bad to waste your time when you coulda been spending resources on a way to actually identify and fix the problem assuming there is one  Well, first off we don't have to assume that there's a problem. We know that average temperature are increasing; it's not rocket science, it just takes reading a thermometer and writing down the result. That aside, what you say is true in general, of course. But in this particular case cutting greenhouse gas emmisions is all we can do. It's the only thing that can have an effect that's under our control. There is simply no way to know, with 100% iron clad scientific certainty, what's casuing global warming. But we do know, with absolute certainty, that greenhouse gases could be responsible to some degree, and that if that's the case then reducing emmisions would help. There are other theories as to what's behind global warming, but none of them involve anything that humans have control over. At this point we only have two options. Do the only thing available to us that might help, or do nothing. Considering what's at stake, doing nothing seems like a trully horrible idea. Even if greenhouse gas emmisions aren't the root cause of global warming reducing them could still help. If you know of anything else that we could do that has a chance of helping I'd love to hear it, because from what I've read this is our only option.
Let's look at that list shall we?  Patrick Michaels - known to have received money from at least 1 energy company, and edits the World Climate Report which is funded by the Western Fuels Association, major suppliers of coal in the western US.  Robert Balling - reported to have received $400,000 from oil and coal companies including Exxon-Mobil  Sherwood B. Idso - of the Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change, has been on the pay roll of Western Fuels and received money from Exxon-Mobil.  Fred Singer - one of the more amusing candidates, veteran rent-a-scientist for not only Exxon-Mobil but for big tobacco firms needing a stooge too.  Richard Lindezen - reportedly received $2500/day for consulting on behalf of oil and coal companies, and has links to the WFA front organisation Greening Earth.  Frederick Seitz - specialism is in solid state physics, yet feels himself qualified to talk on both tobacco effects and global warming. Funding of his SEPP organisation remains obscure, though he is believed to have links to the Moonies.  William M. Gray - so far the only one who doesn't appear to have dubious funding sources. However, while he may be perfectly qualified to dispute the effects of warming on hurricanes, the fact remains that he is not a specialist in the area of warming itself. As far as I can tell he has not published papers on the subject.  Roy Spencer - a supporter of intelligent design which suggests his scientific credentials are suspect right off the bat. Again, his papers are not on the issue itself, but solely on temperature monitoring.  So we've got 2 guys in areas semi-detached from the subject, one of whom is prepared to substitute religion for science when it suits him, and the others of whom is a conspiracy theorist. Hardly a brilliant selection of "good scientists".
My statement was that opponents of global warming are either in the pay of the oil companies or not specialists in the field. I have just stated which and how this applies for each of those listed. If you want to make the claim that their science is good, feel free to state the science and explain how it disproves the overwhelming body of evidence in favour of anthropogenic warming.
 If humans aren't the cause, then why should they, given the regulatory and economic issues involved. If it's going to happen regardless.  Even if we aren't the primary cause greenhouse gases are still probably contributing. Even if temperatures were going to rise anyway we're probably pushing them up faster and higher. Basically, we only have one thing we can do, there's only one knob we can turn. It may halt global warming, it may just slow it down, there's even a non-zero chance that it won't do a thing. But given that it's the only knob we have, and given how disasterous inaction will be, how can we do anything but turn it?    And just so you don't misinterpret my statements (as a lie or whatever else), let me add that I'm not necessarily siding with those against global warming here.  Don't worry, I have no trouble telling the difference between a lie and a difference of opinion. I am, however, having trouble with the phrase "not necessarily siding". Telling us what you might not be doing is all well and good, but how about telling us what you are definately doing. Do you have a stance, or are you undecided?
That may be true; but it needs to be weighed against the cost of making such changes (and I'm not saying I know what those costs are; i don't), as well as the repercussions more regulation.  It'll cost the oil and coal companies, that's fairly certain. But the development of new technologies will spur the economy in other ways. And of course if it works the savings would be huge, both in terms of property damage avoided and loss of human life. I don't know what the final costs would be either, but given what's at stake there's no way they can be too high to try. The drain on the economy would be tiny compared to, say, the Iraq war, and the potential benefits are huge. Likewise, the costs if we do nothing could be staggering.   I already have, more than once now: that there are good scientists on both sides of the issue.  That's true, you did say that. But you also said "let me add that I'm not necessarily siding with those against global warming here." , and that's what I was asking about. Which side of the issue, if any, are you on? Do you think people are responsible for global warming? Contribute? Have had no effect? Or do you not have an opinion?   That's what Jo Bennett disagreed with, and it's the discussion you weighed in on. No, the topic I weighed in on was this statement of yours: "The issue is, assuming it is getting warmer, whether the cause is natural or because of humans." If you don't want to discuss this with me and the merits of various scientists with Jo at the same time I'll yield the floor. Just say the word.
I suspect you have no degree in a related field such as climatology, and yet you claim some very well-known and good scientists are not good scientists: As I recall Jo Bennet is a Physicist of some description, (Also a member of the CofE which makes what is said elsewhere somewhat bizare.) ID isn't science, the Authors (Behe and Dembski) admit that it is religously inspired and the Judge in the recent case declared that it was Creationism, even the Vatican Observatory denounces it as psuedoscience. I'm a Zoologist, so I deal with the effects of climate change as it effects populations of animals. There is something of a Silent Spring effect taking place.  I will draw your attention to three articles in New Scientist; US report backs study on global warming A report commissioned by the US Congress backs findings that the past few decades were the warmest in 400 years 23 June 2006 Breaking News   US Supreme Court to rule on climate change The court will decide whether the evidence for global warming is sufficient to merit controls on carbon dioxide emissions from cars 27 June 2006 Breaking News   US Congress starts to believe in climate change A weighty report concludes that the controversial 'hockey stick' graph showing global warming this century is real 01 July 2006 From magazine issue 2558 News   The "Hockey Stick" graph shows the change in CO2 levels in the atmosphere, almost stable since the last glaciation, which show a sudden and increasing rise in CO2 since the start of the Industrial Revolution.
Ok Jyoshu, or anyone else who feels like taking up the challenge. If this issue is so hotly contested, find me two scientists meeting the following criteria: 1. has published in a peer reviewed journal 1 or more papers contradicting the core science of global warming directly 2. is not receiving income or grants from any organisation with a vested interest in greenhouse gas emissions larger than the income or grant. Find me these and I'll stop disputing that there are competent scientists on both sides.
That may be, but the question is, how far is just "trying"? Specifically, what do you mean in terms of regulation and dollars spent? A blank check and all-powerful unchecked Big Brother on drivers, consumers, companies, etc. is NOT a good thing. And if you mean anything less than that, then tell what your solutions are, specifically. Anyone can say we should "try." Well of course I'm not talking about an "all-powerful unchecked Big Brother", that's just silly. And I don't have a specific set of policy statements prepared. At this point simply getting people to conceed that anything should be done is enough of a challenge. Once we can get people to agree that change is necessary than we can sit down and hack out the details of which changes, how much to spend, what time frames, etc etc. There's no point in trying to convince someone that cutting emmisions 15% over 5 years at a cost of $5 billion is the way to go if they won't even conceed that we should be trying to cut emmisions at all.     At this point I think "contributing" is the most I could say, but maybe not even that. I'm still reading various views and opinions. If you have any specific questions, maybe I could help.   And no, I'm not interested in seeing who's meeting Jo's guilt-by-association criteria for what's a good scientist; she still has the ties-to-energy-companies qualifier in play (the #2 thing she listed). That doesn't speak to whether or not they are good scientists. So did you catch the bit where I said that wasn't what I was discussing with you? emoticon_xangel
Waxy, would you mind giving me a link to Tad Murty's work on climate change? My googling isn't telling me much more than that he's an expert on tsunamis, which as far as I'm aware have nothing to do with climate change.  Jan Veizer seems well intentioned, but his cosmic ray theory has been fairly thoroughly demolished and he has been accused of fiddling his data, by up to 40 million years, to show a correlation between temperature and cosmic rays which the data simply doesn't support, and he's even more guilty of what the anti-climate change group accuse scientists of - relying on insufficient data. It's worth looking into, just to make sure, but in any case it's an alternative hypothesis, with gaping holes in it, and it doesn't do anything to contradict the science underpinning the greenhouse effect.  Ross McKittrick is an economist, he hasn't done any work on the science of climate change. Steven McIntyre is, again, not a scientist. He's a semi-retired businessman, and I can't find any published works of his regarding the science of climate change.  Incidentally the reason I want to exclude scientists in the pay of the oil companies is that if the dispute is significant, there would doubtless be scientists not bought and paid for by big oil who would be on the minority side. I'm not saying that science paid for by the oil companies is automatically suspect, but the experience with tobacco and lung cancer should teach us a lot about trusting data from big businesses with a vested interest in the status quo.
Ah, the infamous "hockey stick" graph, done by Michael Mann. That graph has been discredited by numerous statiticians who reviewed his work and methodology, "Their task was to look at Mr. Mann's methods from a statistical perspective and assess their validity. Their conclusion is that Mr. Mann's papers are plagued by basic statistical errors that call his conclusions into doubt." (WSJ, 7/14/06) It wasn't discredited, indeed the US congress said;  "We roughly agree with the substance of their findings," says Gerald North, the committee's chair and a climate scientist at Texas A&M University in College Station. In particular, he says, the committee has a "high level of confidence" that the second half of the twentieth century was warmer than any other period in the past four centuries."the 1990s are likely the warmest decade, and 1998 the warmest year, in at least a millennium",  http://www.nature.com/news/2006/060626/full/4411032a.html This paper is far from alone, I for one haven't seen any papers in the peer reviewed journals that dispute the correlation between the industrial revolution and the rise in CO2.  Specifically regarding the statistics: The NAS also confirmed some problems with the statistics. But the mistakes had a relatively minor impact on the overall finding, says Peter Bloomfield, a statistician at North Carolina State University in Raleigh Indeed Jo Bennet's remarks regarding vested intrests springs to mind; An Economist, someone in mineral exploration (Oil prospecting) and a Republican poltician from Oil producing Texas...
Greenpeace et al aim to protect the planet. If it turns out it doesn't need protecting in this area then no-one will be happier than us (I'm a Greenpeace supporter). Feel free to exclude scientists funded by these groups if you so wish, it still leaves an overwhelming consensus among scientists working in the field.  You're not qualified to evaluate climate models if you don't know enough about the climate. If McKittirck's work was scientific it would be published in a peer reviewed scientific journal, not an economics one.
With the rest of the money we should continue researching and deciding what actually is causing global warming. No use barking up the wrong tree when you can find the right one :)  Again, if human emissions aren't the cause then we're pretty much screwed, since they're the only potential cause that we can do anything about, so searching for other causes before doing anything about emissions really doesn't make much sense. And, of course, if human emissions are the right tree, and we waste too much time and money checking every other possibility, it'll be much, much harder to do anything about it. There could very well be a "tip over" point past which merely stopping emissions won't reverse the trend. Just something else to keep in mind.
Right, I conceed that there have been a small number of papers published atacking some of the methodology used by some proponents of global warming, and there are a small number of people with credible knowledge of the field who have different theories about the warming. Now is either Waxy or jyoshu prepared to concede the overwhelming consensus in support of anthropogenic warming, and that the media is massively over-emphasising the tiny number of dissenting voices?
Bravo Jo Bravo!
I believe that the general consensus it that the earth is warming. I agree with that.  The majority believe it is anthropogenic, an overwhelimg consensus - that's a stretch.  I don't believe that there is any consensus whatsoever regarding what the impact of the warming is/will be, what can/should be done about, or how to go about doing anything.    No offense Joe, but I laughed out loud when I read this.  The media overemphasizing the dissenters? You have got to be kidding. It is nearly impossible for dissenting voices to be heard by the media.  The general public is bombarded on a daily basis with global warming paranoia. Extreme weather, ice caps disappearing, global flooding, every day a new record temp, etc.....  There are feature length movies made by former vice presidents playing in theatres around the country that are sounding the global warming alarm bells, and you actually have the audacity to suggest that the media is over-emphasizing the the dissenting voices? Try to find me 3-4 "anti global warming" stories of any kind garnereing attention in the current mainstream media. You lost some major credibility points with me on this one Joe.  Waxy    I really have to put a point in, it my not be valid as I did sort of just "jump" into this forum, so if because I wasn't a part of the start of this forum my point is non taken that's fine with me but.... Again Waxy you are talking about ALL the actions that might/will happen now think of the IDEA behind the actions..... Water level increases less land.... less land faster over population.... faster over population.... more control over the people.... more control over the people less freedoms..... open your mind man you are s blind......
I don't concede that global warming is even a bad thing. It is. Any point trying to convince you of this? And that's a serious question.   If it is a natural climate pattern then whats the big deal?  You can't actually mean what you just said, but I can't figure out any other way to interpret it. If something's natural it's no big deal? A hurricane that causes billions in damage, or a tsunami that kills thousands are no big deal, because they're natural? Try again, I'm sure that's not what you were actually trying to say, and I have no clue what you really meant.
I don't concede that global warming is even a bad thing. If it is a natural climate pattern then whats the big deal? Some of the projections suggest over a billion people dying as a result, and it's already started. Exactly how bad does it have to get?  There isn't "Universal Concensus" on the world being round, I can't think of a single scientist I've met who seriously believes the cause of global warming is anything other than human in origin in all the time since I first went to University.  You don't dispute that Warming is occuring, do you dispute that CO2 is a Greenhouse Gas or that the activities of people since the industrial revolution have increased the volume of CO2 being put into the atmosphere?
You cited the article; McIntyre, S. and R. McKitrick (2004). "Materials Complaint Concerning 'Global Scale Temperature Patterns and Climate Forcing over the Past Six Centuries'" Nature 430 July 1, 2004, p. 105.   I've run it through Nature's search engine but haven't found it. http://search.nature.com/search/?sp-q=McIntyre%2C+S.+and+R.+McKitrick+%282004%29.+%22Materials+Complaint+Concerning+%27Global+Scale+Temperature+Patterns+and+Climate+Forcing+over+the+Past+Six+Centuries%27%22+Nature+430+July+1%2C+2004%2C+p.+105.+&sp-x-9=cat&sp-s=date&sp_a=sp1001702d&sp_sfvl_field=subject%7Cujournal&sp_t=results&sp_x_1=ujournal&sp_p_1=phrase  Does anyone actually have access to the text? I also note that there isn't a volume number which should be cited as follows: Current issue : Volume 442 Number 7103
http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v430/n6995/index.html  Is the relevant link. You need a subscription to nature to view it (if you're a student you may have a site licence available, mine ran out when I graduated a couple of months ago).
Giving thats its a fairly general global warming debate...  The overall consensus (regardless of who's consensus we're using;)) is that global warming is happening, and there is some pretty disasterous results predicted because of this. However, if humans are responsible for the rapid increase, surely it would make more sense to direct as much funding as possible to deal with these rather than risk going primarily on prevention when its not known whether its possible to undo the damage/reverse the trend?  I'm all for environmental advances as generally they result in better long term efficiency and greater sustainability, however unless serious effort is made to drastically reduce existing greenhouse gas levels as well as the rates they are being produced then its not going to make a lot of difference when something like New Orleans 2 occurs.   What sort of measures would be required to deal with the biggest problems (moving developments away from vunerable areas and toward safer ones etc) and are they things above and beyond what is actually possible?
"As much funding as possible?" What does that mean, exactly? Funnel money away from other areas we need it? I mean, sure, we could eliminate every domestic and foreign military spending item the US engages in and put our entire national budget into dealing with global warming if we wanted to. But would that really be wise? I don't think the issue with much of anyone is whether it should be funded to ANY degree, but rather how far we're willing to go with it. What people don't get sometimes is that the US is already pouring MORE into environmental issues such as dealing with greenhouse gas emissions than any other nation in the world. We'd have to directly shut down oil companies (which would be a fascist thing to do) in order to truly force the US to stop using oil, and the ramifications of such a sudden action on our economy by doing that would do worse to the environment than anything. I was thinking of the money allocated toward global warming related projects - it appears at least that the balance is heavily weighted toward prevention/reduction and I don't think I've really heard of much at all being spent on dealing with what seems to be inevitable (relocating homes and businesses away from endangered areas, strengthening and improving storm defenses etc)   Other than forcing the public to change by big-brother efforts, what other 'efforts' could be taken? It's not like people in the US don't know we need to be less dependent on oil. We could as a nation, I suppose, make symbolic gestures like ratifying the kyoto protocol. But with the UN giving complete exemption to the 2nd largest greenhouse gas emmission source country in the world, and the fact the treaty heavily affects trade issues, it's pretty hard to take the UN seriously on it. And if we are serious about cutting emissions (we have, a lot, already), we don't need a Kyoto protocol to do that. This is partly my point, if you're not going to really throw everything into trying to stop it, surely it makes a lot of sense with making sure you can survive the consquences. At some point the government is going to have to be a bit cruel - either get out of the red zones or you will receive no funding or assistance to rebuild if the area floods or is devestated by a storm, that is really the nicest way it could be done if you aren't going to accept forced (but subsidised) relocation.
Some posters have claimed that there is "debate" over the cause of Global Warming being human in origin. Amongst those that claim it is a natural phenomenon are those that claim that climate change is due to solar activity. However whilst this may be true in a historical context, data of solar activity shows that solar activity has not reflected climate change for the past 30 years. The latest edition of New Scientist states precisely this. www.newscientist.com
In the UK a major report has been released on Global Warming and the dire consequences facing us if we do nothing.  The Governments' response has been the predictable one. 'We can raise more taxes'  There are at least two questions. How will taxing people of one small island reduce the levels of global warming ? What will the taxes so raised be used for ? Suspicion that another department of bureaucracy will be needed to monitor everything and predictably do nothing but will need paying for.
In the UK a major report has been released on Global Warming and the dire consequences facing us if we do nothing.  The Governments' response has been the predictable one. 'We can raise more taxes'  There are at least two questions. How will taxing people of one small island reduce the levels of global warming ? What will the taxes so raised be used for ? Suspicion that another department of bureaucracy will be needed to monitor everything and predictably do nothing but will need paying for.  Seems to me there's only one question. Is the report correct? If it is then we need to do something now, and pay for it now. Yes, we need to make sure we do the right things, but on that list is not sitting around saying "Oh noes!!11 The taxes!!"   People have been more than willing to dump pollutants into the environment without much thought or foresight, but when it comes to spending money, then we need to sit back and consider the long term ramifications, come up with a twelve point plan, make sure everything is thought out. Screwing up the world? Go ahead, we'll deal with the consequences later. Spending money to deal with said consequences? Hold on there, not so fast, we need to think about that before we do anything rash! More and more reports are coming out saying that "too late" is upon us; this is not the time to pinch pennies. Even if money is all you care about, try to estimate the financial impact of NY city being flooded or the midwest turning into a dust bowl and ask if spending some money now wouldn't be worth it.   (Sorry, don't know British geography well enough to give British equivalents for climatic disasters)
Agreed the accuracy of the report is always something that has to be considered. It is only a prophecy by an economist given certain events happening.  The point is that it look more as if the Government are taking the opportunity to raise more taxes for the sake of raising more taxes and do absolutely nothing.  Is the money raised going to do something towards lessening emissions ? No evidence of that at all
 The point is that it look more as if the Government are taking the opportunity to raise more taxes for the sake of raising more taxes and do absolutely nothing.  Is the money raised going to do something towards lessening emissions ? No evidence of that at all  Than what needs to happen is for people to demand that the government does something. Most politicians have trouble thinking past their term in office. They're probably more than happy to say "Problem? Let's raise taxes", wait for the expected outcry, and then say "Well, I tried" and drop it. People need to stop worring about the money and complain about the lack of action.
Because most of the proposed taxes are regressive, those of us on the left favour a personal version of the carbon ration system currently being implemented in Europe. Each person has a limited amount of carbon they can emit over a given period of time. If they don't need it all they can sell part of their ration to those who want more to fly to australia or whatever. Much better than forcing poor people in rural areas off the road and allowing rich city dwellers to keep their 4x4s, which is what taxation is likely to do.
Well the introduction of any such looks to be a pig's ear when it comes to implementation, given past systems. As far as I know this is only in a consideration phase at the moment
That site is simply an exercise in the manipulation of statistics. For example, I could say that the temperature rise in the last half century has been about 0.2%, which actually equates to about 0.5 degrees kelvin, which is quite a substantial change. A change of 1% in the global temperature and we're talking significant change. I also don't buy the figures about human influence on CO2 in the atmosphere, the figures I've seen put current CO2 levels at almost 40% above the pre-industrial average, and while there are a lot of natural emisssions, we have killed off a lot of the capacity to absorb CO2 naturally, which is just as bad as releasing it directly.
Must be all those volcanos, flood basalts and meteorite impacts raising the temperature so.
Yes but for what reason? it is not enough to merely claim that the temperature is rising by natural causes - what causes? Increased solar luminosity? Decreased intersolar dust? Reduction in albedo? Massive volcanic emmisions? Temperatures dont just "rise" au naturel As far as I can see, the onus is upon the non anthropogenic crowd to find a suiatble cause for the rise in earthly temperature.
Since the global warming crowd isn't calling for a global reduction of green house gasses just in the US who has done more for the reduction of emissions than any other country. This would indicate that this is political science not actual science..  I'm sorry but this is XXXX. The US is the largest per capita emitter of CO2 in the world, so has to make the biggest cuts. All developed countries and some semi-developed countries are going to need to make cuts in emissions, and find non-polluting ways of developing. I'm not sure where this "done more than... any other country" thing comes from. How are you measuring that exactly?
Do you deny that the US has since the 70's have cut emissions by 90%.  I'm talking about CO2 emissions, what are you talking about? The US has most certainly not cut CO2 emissions since the 70s. It has cut levels of certain carcinogenic pollutants in vehicle and industry emissions, but so has every other western country that I'm aware of, and those emissions have naff all to do with climate change.  The problem with nuclear is that it is expensive, unsustainable and dangerous. Uranium is not all that common and the projections I've seen suggest that increased consumption could lead to uranium running low fairly quickly. Then we have to deal with the safe and secure disposal of substantial quantities of nuclear waste, which is not easy either. A much better approach is to pursue consistent forms of renewable energy, such as tidal and wave power, as well as enough of a surplus of wind and solar to offset the intermittency problems. Energy efficiency can also go a long way to cutting energy use - triple glazed windows, wall and roof insulation are all part of the solution, as is the switch to much more efficent electric vehicles.
Solar works great for water heating, I agree that it's not quite there for photo-voltaic cells currently. Wind is up and running well in most of Europe and expanding rapidly. Do you really think you're going to find it easier to get permission to build nuclear than wind? Over here we still remember the Chernobyl and Windscale problems.  I have heard of radon gas, it's pretty dangerous and you have to be careful in some older buildings over here because even the natural background can be pretty unhealthy if it is not vented properly.  Nuclear power is more expensive than wind per kilowatt, as I understand it, and given that no nuclear plants have been built here in decades, I doubt that this is due to the cost of building them.  What environmental impacts are you expecting from tidal power?
Do you deny that the earths atmosphere has changed temp. over the course of history?  No of course not. The global highstand of the cretaceous is attributed to the outgassing of Deccan traps, and a certain impact no doubt helped - but this is an example of where we know a reason why the global temp was high. There is no plausible explanation for the current trend other than human causes.   Cause and effect, very simple!
Even the nuclear industry's own estimates put costs at around 2.2-3.0p/kWh, compared to onshore wind turbines at 1.5-2.5p/kWh. Independent estimates put the cost of nuclear as high as 8.4p/kWh.
I like wind turbines, just put them along the side of motorways if you dislike them that much - who's going to notice more noise? You will find few environmentalists opposed to wind farms, scratch the surface of the opponents and you find nimby "conservationists" backed by pro-nuclear and other right wing organisations. Swaffham, in Norfolk seems to manage perfectly well with its turbine sited close to houses, last I checked they were building an extra one. In any case, I think wind turbines look rather better than the giant battery appearance of our local nuclear power station.  Yes, you need quite a lot of turbines, but they're cheap to make and relatively simple in construction, and not nearly as dangerous if they go wrong as nuclear plants (you still haven't mentioned Windscale I notice), and don't end up with hazardous waste being dumped in the sea (the amount of caesium you can find in morecambe bay is just scary).
Any links to accounts of increses solar luminosity or temperature?#   And when it comes to science that is being disputed, more than half of the time the majority is wrong. (the Earth is not flat, it is possible to go faster than the speed of sound, there are no WMD's etc  Science generally follows the evidence
I don't see how an 11 year solar cycle can account for the top ten hottest years on record all being since 1990. Nobody claims that climate change will mean each year will be hotter than the last, only that average temperatures will rise over time.  Also, did you miss these phrases in the telegraph article? He says that the increased solar brightness over the past 20 years has not been enough to cause the observed climate changes He added, however, that the study also showed that over the past 20 years the number of sunspots had remained roughly constant, while the Earth's temperature had continued to increase   The problem with using the torygraph as a source is that it mixes the views of scientists with the ramblings of the insane like David Bellamy, it's headlines and commentary bear no relation to the facts it is reporting. Nobody suggests that the sun has no effect, but to deny, as Bellamy does, that CO2 emissions are causing significant warming is frankly delusional.
If you want ALL the facts you'll be waiting till the end of time. The link between CO2 emissions and warming is a matter of basic quantum physics, it's not just a statistical link. We know that CO2 has an effect on warming. We can estimate the magnitude of that effect. The current modelling takes into account the other known factors, and the calculated effects of CO2 and matches the historical data pretty well. Certainly extrapolation can be a bit of a problem, but only if there is reason to believe the factors involved will alter substantially over the coming years.
There's a difference between all the facts and sufficient facts to draw a conclusion. I don't know ALL the facts necessary to work out how long it will take me to get to work, but I can make a fair approximation based on past experience and analysis of the situation. I won't know every possible detail of what might happen e.g. I might get hit by a bus, but most of the time my estimate will be fine.
I posted this over in the religion forum because of the religious implications, but this too seems like a good place to post it ...  Evangelical Leaders Join Global Warming Initiative   Among signers of the statement, which will be released in Washington on Wednesday, are the presidents of 39 evangelical colleges, leaders of aid groups and churches, like the Salvation Army, and pastors of megachurches, including Rick Warren, author of the best seller "The Purpose-Driven Life."  "For most of us, until recently this has not been treated as a pressing issue or major priority," the statement said. "Indeed, many of us have required considerable convincing before becoming persuaded that climate change is a real problem and that it ought to matter to us as Christians. But now we have seen and heard enough."  The statement calls for federal legislation that would require reductions in carbon dioxide emissions through "cost-effective, market-based mechanisms" - a phrase lifted from a Senate resolution last year and one that could appeal to evangelicals, who tend to be pro-business. The statement, to be announced in Washington, is only the first stage of an "Evangelical Climate Initiative" including television and radio spots in states with influential legislators, informational campaigns in churches, and educational events at Christian colleges.  http://www.nytimes.com/2006/02/08/national/08warm.html?ex=1297054800&en=c3998565b07f9657&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss
Well, half a commitment is better than none at all I suppose, and better late than never.
I thought this was very clever.  http://today.uci.edu/news/release_detail.asp?key=1564  Scientists are tracking CO2 emissions using corn. They're taking corn from around the country and checking its carbon-14. "Natural" CO2 has a certain percentage of carbon-14, but CO2 from fossil fuels has none. By checking how far below the expected value the carbon-14 in a sample of corn is, they can tell how high the CO2 emissions from fossil fuels are in an area, and how the emissions spread. Clever.
http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/story.html?id=156df7e6-d490-41c9-8b1f-106fef8763c6&k=0 [INDENT][INDENT][I]"Dr. Shariv, a prolific researcher who has made a name for himself assessing the movements of two-billion-year-old meteorites, no longer accepts this logic, or subscribes to these views. He has recanted: "Like many others, I was personally sure that CO2 is the bad culprit in the story of global warming. But after carefully digging into the evidence, I realized that things are far more complicated than the story sold to us by many climate scientists or the stories regurgitated by the media.   I'm sorry, but is this really news? Shock! Horror! Hold the press! General public confused by large, complicated multifactoral systems.  I understand where this guy is coming from though, but not sure whether I agree with what he's doing, one of the huge drawbacks of modern democracy with the level of communications we have today is that most important decisions are made by people who don't really know anything about them. I don't doubt that climate behaviour is something that is far too complicated for anyone to totally understand and that to really get a grip on the subject you really need to dedicate some serious time to it. However just leaving every topic up to specialists brings a whole host of other problems with it.  Honestly I think the key to the problem lies more with the politicians, both sides (but particularly the right) will latch onto any bit of science that confirms what they want to believe and many won't even care whether or not it actually says what they want it to anyway. What you really want is some sort of sliding scale that adjusts the power of politicians based on how they use it - the more various studies and research is misrepresented, the more power is taken out of their hands, whilst if they are actually behaving like they should do they can have it back.  We're all working off ideals and systems of government that where devised when the best form of communication was a guy on a horse. Doesn't suprise for an instant that these systems might suddenly find themselves horribly flawed in these days of the mass market TV and internet. One of the critical issues today is man's impact on the changing environment and our fate is being governed by a group of people, half of whom are below average intellegence...  If one believes the hype, If global warming continues, coastal areas will flood and all the people who voted for Al Gore in 2000 or who were confused by a butterfly ballot would be under water.  What is the downside of Global Warming? If you go messing around with our gulf stream, a lot of us pinko commie Europeans are going to be coming to move in next door and force real football on you. That'll learn yer.
Climates change!  and cause extictions
The best plan is to run out of fossil fuels and die on the same day
Climate change is more complicated than rising CO2 levels??? Heresy!!!!! ;) Of course it's a complex issue. Duh! Doesn't get us off the hook that CO2 is a greenhouse gas, and the earth is warming, and the warming appears to be accelerating.
A few scientist who are controlled by democratic parties say that.  Yet data shows otherwise. These increases in temps, melting of polar caps, during humans industrial age and suddenly increasing at its climax isn't due to natural changes, you have to be blind to think so.  What made me laugh are a few non-caring individuals who attempted to use the Polar Vortex as an example, but failed to see a link. THe vortex itself has even slightly changed due to changes in flow aroudn the world, THe natural depletion increased from 5% to 8%.  However this is a strong natural accurance. In the opposite pole however, the much higher effect is not natural. Corporate greed will dispel it. They need to sell those fossil fuels. Ther are 4 scientific groups, both owned by corporations who distribute fossil fuels, their opimion is blinding the world further.  Ice that has exsisted for 126 million years has disapeared. Other ice cored and dated that is over 50 million years old is almost gone. Yes ice that is much newer is over it, but hte core samples have existed on this planet for so long, and durign the climax of emmisions has disapeared. Yet we have no affect on that?  Here is the thing. It's to late to fix it ourselves, and we have to deal with that. SLowing or stoppign it is possible. At that point mother earth will have to correct it herself. However we continue beign ignorant, humanity may not be in the equation at all.  Decreased forest, increased C02. SAying it isn't linked means greed is envolved or you are not capable of seeing the obvious answers. The majority of the INDEPENDENT scientist still agree, it is related to industry and man, and is a real issue.
The height of the spring tide in Liverpool bay is 7 inches higher now than previously recorded. If you think CO2 is not a factor how do you explain Venus?
The UN report was released today I think.
but lets not bury our heads in the sand. Surely conservation of our natural resources is agood idea? Waste not, want not.
Yeah and the sulfuric acid might affect it a little too. Meanwhile back here on Earth, the weather reports in the North East are predicting it will be colder on Easter Sunday than it was on Christmas day. We got 10 inches of snow 2 days ago and it's been in the 20s ever since. This isn't global warming folks, it's the last days of this Age. And the weather is going to get more unpredictable, Volcanoes and Earthquakes will continue to increase, and natural catastrophes and pestilence such as never been seen before will take place, and then the end will come. So, welcome to the end of the Age folks. :) Our redemption draweth nigh.    Good to be grounded by reality, eh?
Except that I can see the holes in his argument, for example the supposed "discrepancies" before 1976 when the earth cooled slightly HAVE been explained, not least by the effect of air pollution.
Who says it's the same pollutants? I'm talking about things like sulphur released from burning high sulphur content coal, which leads to both cooling and acid rain. The clean air legislation in western countries did a lot to reduce this sort of pollution, but little to combat CO2 emissions.
Just because he's not biased doesn't mean he's not wrong.
That does little to indict the article. This man is pretty well respected in his field.  No he isn't. He's generally regarded as a maverick and a conspiracy theorist. But that's not a reason to disregard his work, it's a reverse argument from authority.  He once offered to bet any other climatologist that temperatures would lower in the next 20 years. When Dr. James Annan offered to take the bet, Lindzen said it would be at 50:1 in his own favour. Obviously Annan didn't take it.  No...Lindzen often complains that funding for anti-anthropocentric global warming research is drying up due to a huge conspiracy in the scientific and commercial sectors. It's not. It's drying up because most of science found that the anthropocentric nature of global warming was overwhelmingly likely by the beginning of this decade.  Incidentally, I'm baffled by the line of thought that is willing to take Lindzen at his word but discounts the vast majority of scientists who say that global warming IS caused by man. Why accept one view and not the other?
People will tend to hear what they want to hear, part of human nature. If they aren't scientifically trained and/or haven't been keeping up with the research as it comes in they can come off with scewed interpretations of what's being said.
He is a professor of meterology, however, not of climatology. The fact that he is at MIT is largely irrelevant when he speaks outside his area of expertise. The bet is fairly well known, though I hadn't connected it with this particular scientist. The blog from which the issue arose appears to be here: http://www.reason.com/news/show/34976.html
I tend to give credance to a professor at MIT.  Very brave of you to come right out and say that. I normally give credence to strong theory backed up by solid facts, but horses for courses and all that.  May I ask, is it just MIT, or are there other universities whose word you might take?
Many people are obliged to take a great deal on trust - which is why a professor at a highly respected (i.e. trustworthy) institution such as MIT is likely to get a deferential hearing from the media and general public.  Well quite. But then again majority concensus is that global warming is [at least in part] man-made. The trouble is that dissenting views are so much more interesting so they get an unequal share of the spotlight. It makes it look like there's significant doubt that GW is man-made. There really isn't.   Arguably if people are just taking these things on trust and not actually evaluating sources, they shouldn't be debating the subject in the first place.
A consensus isn't necessarily correct. There used to be a majority consensus (among the educated) that earth was at the centre of the universe.  But that was an assumed consensus rather than one that was scientifically arrived at (indeed when it was scientifically approached by Aristarchus in the 3rd century BC he did grasp the fact that our solar system was heliocentric at the very least - a point that became consensus amongst the educated and beliefs in geocentricity were very much more popular amongst the uneducated). With the scientific tools we have now (and the use of independent work from different disciplines) consensus is a different animal.   What you're demanding here would exclude the "average person" from having an opinion about almost anything outside his personal experience.  I'm not demanding anything. I would say that one should be in possession of the facts before forming an opinion though. That seems self-evident.   Nearly all of our knowledge is "second-hand". We must rely on the expertise of specialists not only for scientific information but for accurate information about almost everything else. How many people who know something about political history have consulted Magna Carta in the Latin original?  There's a difference between second hand knowledge and just 'taking their word for it'. Since Lindzen is regarded as a bit of a quack by much of his profession, I submit that it's even more important to check his "facts" rather than submitting to authority.
The Ptolemaic consensus could be described as resulting from the best "science" available during the period of its credibility. But my point was meant to express a sceptical attitude towards consensus whether ancient or modern.  Indeed. But I think it's fair to draw a distinction between a consensus largely drawn from philosophy (that the Universe is neater if we're at the centre) and that of the scientific method.    What does it mean to "possess" a fact? Does it mean that by personal investigation one has acquired certain knowledge that such and such is the case? Or does it mean that - particularly in fields of scientific inquiry - one has reason to believe the facts as presented by some authority or other? I suggest that we cannot avoid deferring to an authority to vouch for the reliability of many facts about matters which we cannot verify for ourselves.  Well that's the burning question isn't it? I'll tell you what it doesn't mean. It doesn't mean picking the one maverick scientist whose claims support your prejudices.     I don't know whether you are correct when you say that Lindzen is regarded as a "quack". Are you claiming that he has invented some "facts" to suit his case, or that he has the same objective information about the climate as other scientists, but has interpreted it in a way that affronts the consensus?  Even his one time co-author Daniel Kirk-Davidoff has spent his time rebutting Lindzen. Lindzen doesn't deal much in facts anymore, he deals in unfounded claims that his maverick stance has resulted in his funding being cut in an effort to silence him. In fact it's been cut because his field of study is about as much use as a chocolate fire-guard.
Ptolemy's system was a mathematical structure that was observationally adequate as late as the 16th century and not much more complex than the Copernican successor.  I'm not convinced it represented a consensus (except inasmuch as his system was usable by early navigators) since the likes of Heraclides, Aristarchus, Archimedes and Martianus Capella all "knew" the Earth rotated the sun. However, it's not an important enough point to labour. Today's consensus comes from independent study by FAR more scientists, using FAR better equipment.   Scientific progress often depends on the maverick or nay-sayers who challenge a prevailing consensus. Without such dissenters science would stagnate. I don't know enough about Lindzen's hypotheses to rebut your assurance that he doesn't deal in facts anymore. Perhaps Huck - who cited him in the first place - does. In any case, I don't think he's the "one maverick scientist whose claims support my prejudices".  I wasn't implying he supported your prejudices (a word I use under advisement - it isn't meant to be insulting) but rather that he is handy for global warming deniers (except that he comes across as a bitter academic who chose the wrong avenue to work down and is now digging his heels in rather than recant).  Why do you describe a sceptical view of (unqualified) anthropogenic global warming as a "prejudice"? I assume you're aware that the current orthodoxy on climate change is itself a provisional conjecture.  Conjecture? Depends on your definition. This http://www.iht.com/articles/2007/02/02/news/climate.php?page=1 suggests that's not such a sketchy thing to be. You'll note Susan Solomon saying that the connection between man and GW is now considered 90% likely (up from 66%). I don't know about you, but for me that's a big enough percentage to start acting as if it were reality not conjecture. Sure, they still may be wrong, but that's not a bet I'm willing to make.*  *It also suggests there's something fishy about your figures of more than half of European, Australasian and Asian thinking the likes of Lindzen are right. Europe has long been attempting to be far more "green" than the US - New Zealand has long been succeeding (don't know if you've been there - beautiful country; very keen on the renewable resources).  You'll have to wait until tomorrow for a dissection of Lindzen. It'll be time-consuming and very dull (to read and to write).
[As promised - a little rushed I'm afraid as I don't have much time today. It gives a flavour at least, I think (and I managed to keep it short!).]  That "various models" [unspecified] predict something, other than what has happened, is a strawman. Apart from anything else, the variables involved make it difficult to be more specific than 'the trend is towards warming'. The sea, for instance, acts as a huge heat sink. But the main reason why predictions are so mercurial is that we can't account for cloud formation and cover. Either way, gathering all models together and then claiming that there are discrepancies is sleight-of-hand, Tommy Cooper style.  Cooling period 1940's - 70's - one would have to be willfully ignoring the facts not to note that this period represented a huge production of sulphate aerosols. The various clean air acts and better technology brought in to combat acid rain have lowered sulphate aerosol presence in the atmosphere - a presence which causes cooling.  The idea that warming won't be catastrophic simply boggles the mind! May you'll be alright, Jack, but what of sub-Saharan Africa?! Central Asia?! What, indeed, of the rise in sea-level? The loss of agricultural land? Most importantly, the loss of fresh water? Who in their right mind would take this gamble?
I've already explained that in this thread. The earth absorbs radiation in a broad spectrum from the sun, but because of the quantised nature of energy levels in atoms and molecules it is emitted in a much narrower range of frequencies. These frequencies coincide with those most readily absorbed by the "greenhouse" gases (different gases "block" different parts of the spectrum) and hence the radiation cannot escape as easily as it got in.
The atmosphere allows high frequency radiation (violet end) through, this is absorbed by the earth which then radiates in low frequency (red end) wavelengths. It is these that get caught in the CO2 etc.
all this global warming garbage is just a bunch of political propaganda. global warming is just an excuse for the liberals to raise taxes on the people.  It's so annoying that Rush Limbaugh would be so preposterous, and with such strong conviction.   I always thought that having independent thought was a healthy lifestyle.
I always thought that having independent thought was a healthy lifestyle.  Only if it's not independent from reality...
Only if it's not independent from reality...  Eh, based on our government, reality necessitates that we conform to what our government wants, which doesn't require so much independent thought, else we would figure out how they are shaping the laws into their own set of rules. Unfortunately, it appears that there's not much we can do, since the government has reduced the effective role of the EPA while polluting companies are continuing at full speed.   My only disturbance is that the previous comment was simply a grouping of ideas shared on radio talk shows (global warming garbage....propaganda....liberals...raising taxes). That person wouldn't have thought it originally had it not been for conformists talking into their ears on a regular basis.
Global warming...natural climate change...insignificant issues compared to our destruction of habitat. Deforestation in virgin rain forests is removing bees, the males of which must visit a certain orchid before the females will allow them to mate. The nectar or pollen (of a certain species of orchid) or both must be on the bee's knees before the female will get it on.  We're cutting down the trees, the bees are disappearing, the Brazil nut trees are going unpollenated, producing no nuts...just because the bees can't find the orchids.  God forbid we should kill off all the hippos. Life in the rivers would be devastated.
Fact: we have lost ice glaciers nad caps that are more then 120 million years old, they aer gone.  Iceland is not the issue, greenland has not recovered.  Polar bears are threatened due to the hudeg loss in ice that is not reversing itself.  Tempurtures continue to rise on a mean level, and are not reversing.  FOr the ice lost to reform, it will not be in the next 20 generations.  Political driven scientist lie. 20 scientists have been caught for being hired by fossil fuel producers to produce false report.
I'd like to see a link for the sun being hotter causing warming on mars, because from what I've read the warming is due to changes in albedo (basically how reflective the surface is) which mean mars is absorbing more radiation now than it was previously. These changes fluctuate over time as different types if dust are redistributed on the surface.
So, the claim is solely based on the fact that both Earth and Mars are warming, rather than any causative evidence (like, for example, some evidence of an increase in solar radiation)? I'm also puzzled by the assertion that the greenhouse effect has no scientific basis, I'd like to see Habibullo Abdussamatov's new version of quantum theory that apparently contradicts it. Apart from anything else the greenhouse effect is a big part of the reason Earth is so much warmer than mars in the first place, and why Venus is so much hotter than earth (distance from the sun is a factor but heat retention, not application, is the biggie here). There is also no explanation as to why CO2 levels have risen in line with industrial development, and occurred before temperatures started to rise. Abdussamatov is an astronomer who no apparent clue about climatology, or even basic quantum physics.
I think there was something about the frequency of sunspots and warming. Like the more spots means more heat. I'll search.  Traditionally you don't do science by reaching a conclusion and then googling til you come up with the requisite answer...  The Earth is definitely warming. Mars *may* be warming. Or it might be a localised effect. Venus already experienced a runaway global warm due to - guess what - a large amount of CO2 in its atmosphere. Mars has a thin atmosphere but its mostly made of CO2. What does this suggest? That if you increase CO2 in the atmosphere, you get a warming effect. What does this suggest to me? That pouring CO2 into the atmosphere is a bad idea.  If the sun was causing this warm up we'd expect the rest of the planets to be warming too (and our own moon). You say they are. Where's the evidence?
Here's a link that shows that other planets are warming up too:  http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread221608/pg1  From the linked article re Pluto: David Tholen, an astronomer at the University of Hawaii who measured the size of Pluto in the late 1980s using a series of occultations and eclipses involving Pluto's satellite, noted that even though Pluto was closest to the sun in 1989, a warming trend 13 years later shouldn't be unexpected. "It takes time for materials to warm up and cool off, which is why the hottest part of the day on Earth is usually around 2 or 3 p.m. rather than local noon, when sunlight is the most intense," Tholen said. Because Pluto's year is equal to about 250 Earth years, 13 years after Pluto's closest approach to the Sun is like 1:15 p.m. on Earth. "This warming trend on Pluto could easily last for another 13 years," Tholen estimated.  Which makes more sense given that Pluto is so far from the sun and yet seems to be warming more quickly than the planets closer in.  BTW if CO2 causes global warming, why did the Earth cool off in the period between 1940 and 1980 eventhough the CO2 output went through the roof?  The usual explanation is that we were pouring sulphur-based chemicals into the air in those days. As we often see from volcanoes, this causes a cooling effect.
While what you guys say is true about Earth going through phases, it should not be happening this quickly. True, Mars is heating up, but don't forget that the Martian Atmosphere is 78% CO2, and so the slightest raise in temperature emitted by the sun will have a huge effect, much bigger then here on earth.
A long-term increase in solar irradiance is heating both Earth and Mars. While CO2 gasses may have contributed to global warming, it is not the main factor.  Evidence for this?
Is there any difference between global warming denial and creationism? Both groups seem to think their opinion trumps that of the actual experts in the field and the generally held opinion of the scientific community. Both cherry pick scientific papers to match their opinion. There is no real difference...
All new consensus in science arise for challenging the opinions of experts in the field, if you want to remove that, you can say goodbye to any new findings in science.  Generally those challenges come from other scientists not from random punters on a message board touting opinion as it if it had any bearing on reality. What puzzles me is why non-climatologists would take a position contrary to the mainstream. Surely the best you could say is "I have no opinion"? Actually stating that you think the majority of climatologists are incompetent seems rather arrogant...
a) to label designers of hypothetical mathematical computer models (i.e. computer programmers) as "climatologists" and  What?  b) to somehow think that the same people who can't even accurately predict the weather for the next 2 weeks can predict the weather for the next 50 years and  Unless point 1 was intended to mean you don't believe climatologists exist (a point that your link refutes) then I think you may have meteorologists and climatologists confused. They don't even study the same thing.  c) to think that the majority is always right. I myself would settle for quality over quantity any day.  And how do you judge the quality of your list of climate luminaries...which includes TV personality David Bellamy...  These days it seems that anybody who isn't towing the party line about global warming is labelled and treated in the same way as some who questions certain aspects of the Holocaust. Genuine debate isn't appreciated and the only thing that we are left with is emotionally laden soundbites.  The last sentence is dripping with irony given that you invoke Godwin's Law in the preceding one. Is that genuine debate? Or is it an emotionally-laden soundbite?  you would know that the entire aspect of the possibility of the suns influence on our climate has been completely ignored.  Yeah, that's getting down to the facts alright.emoticon_rolleyes  How do you know it's been ignored.  All of which ignores my point which was that - at the risk of argument from authority - on what basis are we arguing this? Are we better equipped than the scientists? Do we really have any option but to take their word for it given that they are the *experts*?
A long-term increase in solar irradiance is heating both Earth and Mars. While CO2 gasses may have contributed to global warming, it is not the main factor.  Really?  http://www.architecture2030.org/images/current_situation/CS02-CO2-Temperature.gif
If you're unqualified to disagree with scientific findings, you're not qualified to agree with them either.  Which is why I said the default should be 'I have no opinion'...except that's not really an option in this case.  Incidentally the reason I reject creationism isn't because I have blind faith in majorities of scientists, but because their arguments are specious and available information doesn't support their position.  ...Which is quite easy to make out because the creationists have a few crackpots not doing real science, whereas the scientists are legion and do good research. How many other fields of mainstream science do you support a minority view of?   I find many of the arguments of the prophets of global warming specious too. They roughly amount to.  a) We should accept scientific consensus about global warming, because we aren't qualified to challenge it. Therefore global warming is true.  b) Because global warming is true, any scientist who challenges it is a crackpot or corrupt.  Prophets? We're talking about the scientists, not the likes of Al Gore. I'm not inclined to listen to non-experts as I'v already mad clear.  So what do we have, unquestioning faith in a belief system that we won't question ourselves or allow scientists to question without labelling them as moral or intellectual degenerates.  I have no problem with them questioning. I believe it was mentioned in the UN report that it was 90% (or thereabouts) certain that GW was man-made, so there remains room for error. Trouble is, of course, that, because we have only one planet, the stakes are rather high to gamble with uncertainties.   Are you aware that the historical record shows the temperature rise occurring ~800 years PRIOR to the increase in CO2, indicating that it is not CO2 which is the cause of temperature change historically, but rather that temperature change is the cause of CO2 being released? Correlation does not equal causation, especially when the cause is occurring 800 years after its effect. But of course, I'm not a climate scientist, so let's just ignore the facts and instead buy into consensus as the sole arbiter of truth, swallowing whatever lies Al Gore wants to broadcast in the process.  You can't possibly think that climate scientists missed this?! CO2 in the atmosphere is a positive feedback system. What you have stated does NOT indicate that CO2 is not the cause of temperature change. Moreso it indicates that CO2 is not THE cause. There are several.  The salient points are that we are experiencing the hottest temperatures for 10,000 years AND that this warming has happened faster than at any other time in history that we can make out. The *fact* that human-produced CO2 was having some kind of noteable effect was known in 1938 - before worldwide industrialization really kicked off *and* during the time when we were still pumping sulphur-based chemicals into the atmosphere (which aided in negating warming). These effects have become *so* noticeable that even the politicians are sitting up and taking notice (and possibly even taking steps that could potentially harm our economies).  The question remains, if you think that CO2 *doesn't* cause warming (as well as being produced by it), what mechanism prevents it from doing so?
I was talking about scientists in general. These are the same guys that 30 years ago were convinced that we were going to have global cooling. And now 30 years later, which is basically 1 second later in Earth terms, the scientific community has done a 180.  A number of points spring to mind. Firstly, which scientists are you talking about? GW has been known about since the 19th century. Secondly, there was still widespread use of suplhur-based chemicals 30 years ago which DID cause cooling. Thirdly, whilst on the one hand people are talking about how ideas get turned over, in science, for better ones when better data and more accurate equipment becomes available, we seem to be exempting GW from the same courtesy.  They use computer simulations to study climate change, but these computer models rely on an incredible amount of variables and I'm not convinced in any way that they managed to get all the variables right.  Why are you not convinced? Do you have some evidence that these people don't know what they're doing? It might well be quite complicated to work out *exactly* what's going to happen but doesn't it just stand to reason that pumping vast amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere would raise the temperature? Otherwise, what's your proposed mechanism for it not doing so?  I don't put that much faith in Mankinds ability to predict the future. I think it's rather arrogant to think that the human race has somehow figured out how our entire eco-system works. Especially considering the almost infinite number of variables that are involved. Contrary to popular belief, we are not the masters of the universe.  Arrogant? Is it arrogant to think we might know what happened fractions of seconds after the Big Bang? Or what goes on in the heart of a star? Or to model how things work at sub-atomic levels? Calling it arrogance is a weird sort of ad hominem against the whole of science.  Oh I agree that some of them are ####, but a lot of them are not.  Well there aren't 'a lot of them'. I also have a working hypothesis that if one has to scrabble around to find "experts" to the extent of including honorary professors, mathematicians and (God help us!) engineers, that list is unlikely to be worth the bandwidth it's written on.   And in my opinion if there is doubt amongst these people, then the phenomenon of global warming must be researched more thoroughly instead of just saying that it's a done deal.  And you speak of arrogance?! Just when would you be satisified?  Is it now forbidden to compare anything to what happened during WWII because of said law? Does even mentioning Godwin's Law automatically close off the debate?  Merely pointing out the irony.  Well the catalyst for bringing global warming to the mainstream was the UN report.  No it wasn't. Unless you've been living in a cave, we've been talking about global warming in the mainstream since at least the '80's.   This report was touted as the most comprehensive study ever done on global warming. But surprise, surprise, the report didn't mention the suns influence on the Earth, past and present, at all. Now how can a report that is supposed to be "the most comprehensive study ever" not include the effect of a big flaming ball of nuclear fusion on the Earth? The answer is of course that this information was omitted because it didn't tow the party line of manmade global warming.  Possibly because we've known about that for about 150 years. The sun's effect in the way you're talking about runs in 21,000 year cycles - the warming we're seeing is far to quick to be its result.  First of all, I question everything, especially things that are being said by the government and their "experts". I don't fall for the dogma that the government knows best. When I look at all of human history, I rarely find a case where the government did something that was in the best interests of the people. Government is all about control. And people that are afraid are easy to control. Just give them something to be scared about (like terrorism or global warming) and tell the sheeple that the government will protect them, because the government knows best.  Now we get to the crux of the matter. My own theory for why people question GW is *because* government has suddenly got involved. Immediately our authority aversion kicks in and we shy away from what governent believes. But that doesn't make sense. Scientists have been trying (with little success) since the '80's to get governments to take the GW threat seriously. Now, when the evidence points so firmly towards the manmade cause, they are finally doing so.  Secondly, even the rigged UN report says that there is a 90% chance that global warming is man made. So basically that leaves a 10% chance that it isn't man made.  You play those odds? Good luck. I wouldn't take them on a horse race let alone the fate of our only home.
Climate scientists are the ones who discovered this, about 5 years ago. The same climate scientists who are increasingly skeptical of global warming claims.  I studied those positive feedback systems in A-level geography about 15 years ago. I know of at least one article from 10 years ago (Terrestrial Ecosystem Feedbacks to Global Climate Change - Lashof et al - Annual Review of Energy and the Environment, 1997 edition, volume 22) that talks about this AND is talking about how it is a potentially catastrophic result of man's activities. They aren't new.   So far I've seen a short list of people who dispute GW - even shorter if you take out the non-climatologists...and I've seen you, Symbiote, debate creationists before and I'm pretty sure you wouldn't accept that from them...  But of course the Global Warming propaganda machine didn't get the message, since they only rebroadcast information, even false information, that suits their message. It was well known before Al Gore lied about it in his documentary, and it was well known before unriggable rebroadcast it.  I haven't seen Al Gore's film, so I can't comment. I pay little notice of lay-people who talk about GW.  So its arrogant to disagree with the "mainstream", because we're not qualified, but you think you are qualified to agree with the "mainstream". Are you trying to be ironic or is insulting anyone who disagrees with the global warming "consensus" all you have to support it?  Seems to me that I laid out quite a lot of support for GW. Doesn't it make more sense to go with the mainstream until you have something conclusive that goes against if? If I visit my doctor and (God forbid) he tells me I have HIV, I don't debate with him about whether it will turn into AIDS as some fringe researchers have done.  I'm not sure that I've insulted anybody. I asked what other mainstream theories do you dispute and why?
I'm talking about the scientific community at large. Newsweek and TIME magazine both did articles about it. And as for you sulfur argument, I suggest you look at the current industrial powerhouses India and China and see how much sulfur they still spew into the atmosphere. According to your logic the Earth should still be cooling because of it.  Your final paragraph states that it was recently snowing in Sweden. Presumably you wished to show that this was evidence against GW. It just happens that the prevailing wind out of the Russian industrial heartlands blows right over northern Europe. Incidentally India and China still don't have the West's industrial output. We may yet see another cooling effect.  I suggest that we first take a more in depth look at the suns influence on the Earths climate before we start levying eco-taxes and start to take away more of peoples rights.  Why? We've been doing that for over 100 years. The 'Establishment' is saying that pretty shortly it's going to be too late.  And what 'rights' are you talking about?  So if I question one part of science I question all of it? Talk about disingenious debate...  Why is it disingenuous. I've yet to get a sensible answer on why you believe one set of scientists and not another.  Has it ever occurred to you that the vast majority of scientists get funding from the government and as such have a conflict of interest with regards to politicized science?  Global conspiracy? Really? We're talking about faking results here. On a grand scale.   I'll be satisfied when parties on both sides of the argument can be heard without one party being ridiculed by the other. Anybody who makes up their mind without hearing both sides of the argument is a fool.  Why? That's what academia's like. Besides which, for those of us who accept that MMGW is going on, the stubborn refusal of others to accept it may very well cost us our planet. You want us to be reasonable? Why?!  And what did we do about it in the 80's and 90's? Nothing. Only around the same time that UN report was released (give or take a few years) did national governments really start to act (Kyoto was a farce) and did the global warming movement get into high gear. These days it's all about CO2 (taxes), global warming, eco this, eco that, and of course my favourite, carbon trading. 5 Years ago that wasn't the case.  And you don't think that this might be down increased pressure *on* governments *by* researchers and down to the data pointing *so* strongly to a man-made cause that governments have *had* to pay attention? Just what would a government U-turn in the face of overwhelming evidence look like if not this?  Actually the suns has many cycles, the most common one being the 10-11 years cycle.  We know.  And if you want quick warming how about 10.000 years ago when the Earths temperature rose 6 degrees Celsius in a decade.  Out of sincere interest, what's the source? I'd be interested to know why.  And in the 70's they were convinced it was global cooling. So in the space of 5-10 years they do a complete 180. Yeah that'll instill my confidence in them.  WHO was?  BTW it was snowing in Stockholm recently. Imagine that, snow in the spring. That's warming alright.  I guess it still hasn't dawned on people that the Earth is still in the process of coming about of a bloody ice age.  You think it hasn't dawned on climatologists that we've just come out of an ice age? Really? And yet you saw it straight away?  GW doesn't predict a straight warming. The Earth has many systems to realign. It's the overall trend climatologists look at. Meteorologists would be more interested in your short term anomalies.
You're talking about something entirely different, how can the relationship between CO2 and Temperature hundreds of thousands of years ago be a "potentially catastrophic result of man's activities". I don't think you understand at all what the chart unriggable posted shows, and what it is supposed to show. This relationship wasn't known until ~5 years ago, so it certainly wasn't in your high school geography lessons.  I'm not debating that CO2 and temperature aren't linked in the way you state. I'm saying that pouring more CO2 into the system is going to shift temperature. Given that graph is graduated in 50,000's of years it's a little difficult to see what the current effect is. The UN report says it's going higher and faster than ever. I'm not quite sure which part of the correlation you're suggesting wasn't known about until 5 years ago. We've known about CO2 fluctuations for decades. I've referenced a paper from 10 years ago discussing man's input.   No, you're right, I don't accept a list of people who support something as an argument for it. Apparently you do, you think you should "go with the mainstream" and ignore alternative views while calling anyone who disagrees "arrogant", because this approach of blind faith in a majority of scientists is truly enlightened.  I'm not talking about ignoring alternative views. The mainstream (pretty much by definition I guess) has more data supporting it hence I (tentatively) accept it. Not to mention that the people who do the research have a much wider view on the subject than I do. If someone came and told me I was doing my job incompetently, I'd want to know their credentials for saying so. What puzzles me (as I've asked you twice) is what other fringe views do you follow with such zeal?
Yes, you're saying that, but it's now known that the historical relationship doesn't show that. You really don't know whether jamming more CO2 in would affect temperature significantly at all, certainly in the amounts we're talking about reducing by imposing various emission standards and credit trading schemes.  Given the properties of CO2, the question has to be, how could it NOT raise the temperature? Where's it going to go?  The fact that historical CO2 trends follow historical temperature trends rather than lead them.  These aren't mere fluctuations, they are extremely large shifts in atmospheric CO2 concentrations mapping onto prior changes in temperature.  The 'fact'? Dr Naomi Oreskes of the University of California San Diego famously searched the Institute for Scientific Information's archives (1993 - 2003) for papers that dissented from the MMGW line...and found none. If such data exists, why isn't it being published?  Furthermore, what's your mechanism for higher CO2 production? This'll be the kicker won't it? Why is it getting warmer? AFAIK when it happened in the Jurassic, it is supposed that large scale release of methane was the cause.   It doesn't have more data supporting it, and you already claimed you were unqualified to understand or interpret the data, and that to do so would be arrogant.  (see above)   You don't accept it because you have considered the data, you accept it because a) You believe blindly following majority opinion is the way to the Truth, and that the problem with Creationism isn't its faulty reasoning, its the failure to accept majoritarian science.  b) You believe that the risks of disbelieving global warming are high, and the benefits of disbelieving it few.  Argumentum ad clairvoyance?  It's only now you've even mentioned considering the data. Certainly you haven't even considered your views in light of this data about global warming across the rest of the solar system.  I discussed that earlier on in the thread I believe - I aksed whether there was data for ALL of the planets. I'd also question why there would be global warming across the rest of the solar system when solar output hasn't increased: http://www.mps.mpg.de/images/projekte/sun-climate/climate_l.gif  What's your point? I don't have an ideology of "Follow mainstream views" or "reject mainstream views", I like to see some kind of logical argument for a conclusion.  My question is, given the dearth of data (or possibly research) supporting your position, why do you hold it.   Actually here's one: The idea of "sunlight is bad for you, you should avoid it as much as possible", there's some interesting research in that area going on too. But of course, if we go by the "if the majority of scientists don't believe in it, those who do are 'fringe cranks' theory of knowledge", we shouldn't even bother considering such views.  This rather beautifully illustrates my hunch. I would imagine that scientists would say that sunlight is necessary for the proper synthesis of vitamin D. They might also say that it aids in combatting depression. They might further say, don't stay out in it for too long because the UV will cause damage. All of these points are correct. It's not scientists that say 'sunlight bad', it's the media who chop it up into manageable (and generally innaccurate) chunks. I think it's the media that has presented the GW debate as if there was any real dissent in the scientific community - they've done exactly what the Discovery Institute and its ilk have done with the evo/creo debate.
Yes, the fact. The historical trend of CO2 following changes in temperature is now well established. How is it that you are concerned with the "data" but haven't even heard of this? Oh wait, its because you don't think you need data, since its arrogant to look at the facts yourself, better instead to rely on consensus.    It is published, you just haven't heard of it before now, because it doesn't support the MMGW position.    Given the complexity of the climate system, how could you predict with any confidence that proposed restrictions on CO2 output would change the rate of climate change sufficiently enough to justify their costs. We're talking about obscene amounts of money, enough perhaps to cure AIDS, cancer, to develop the third world, but instead the imperative is to manipulate CO2 output in some way when it is unclear this manipulation will have much an effect at all.    That you aren't aware of published data doesn't mean it doesn't exist.  I'm sure you can link to, say, 2-3 articles in peer reviewed journals about the topic then, seeing as it is so well known.  Why do you continue to ignore the causal link between CO2 in the atmosphere and increases in average temperature? We're not only talking a statistical link, but one with a known cause and effect. Do you simply not understand quantum theory?
Quantum theory will tell you how much warming CO2 will produce, and my understanding is that this forms part of the climate models. Costing and quantifying reductions in carbon emissions is perfectly possible. Obviously there are different methods of doing this and we could argue over which ones to use, but the costs of, for example, wind power are quite well quantified, the energy payback is less than a year, the cost works out a bit more expensive than gas or coal but cheaper than nuclear.  The journal article you linked to appears to refer to a single period a quarter of a million years ago and to the end of an ice age, it also points to a lag of 600-1000 years, so unless you want to associate the current CO2 level rise (which is far higher than that referenced in the article) with the mediaeval warm period you're not making a lot of sense.
Without going and looking up the figures for the energy levels of a CO2 molecule, and how many CO2 molecules there are in the atmosphere, and factoring in the curvature of the earth (plus a few hundred other variables) I can't provide an exact figure. That's why we pay research climatologists to build models, because it's complex. You were claiming that warming precedes CO2 release. You've provided one instance, a situation completely different to the present day, and no reason to suppose that this is the orientation of cause and effect in the current climate, which was very much what you implied previously  I don't recall specifying any cost in lives, I fail to see how getting power from renewable sources instead of fossil fuels need cost any lives. There is no need to stop all carbon emissions, just make sure that they come from renewable sources. Rampant global warming, however, has the potential to cost millions of lives through consequent flooding, famine and disease. If you want to be utilitarian about it, the balance should be struck when inaction will cause more deaths than action.  I don't know why you feel the need to attack this strawman enivronmentalism that demands a return to the stone age. Wind, wave, solar and tidal power have the potential to sustain modern technology and standards of living, as well as support the development of poorer countries. And since when did Mr. Free Market become concerned about the developing world?
Err... the models DO accurately model the historical data.  And being in favour of the free market either means you are chronically deluded or you don't care about poor people. Which is it?
They're not meterological models, why on earth should they tell you the weather?
Huh? If you knew, why write the first paragraph? Or are you saying that short term solar cycles don't matter? Maybe because they poke a hole in the man made global warming hoax?  Eh? You don't think that the fact that we have accurate temperature records for the last 150 years or so which DON'T show the kind of temperature you're looking for, rather pokes a hole in *your* theory?  In case you haven't noticed, China and India have the majority of the worlds manufacturing capability. Look around the room you're in, I guarantee you that 75% of all the stuff that's in there is manufactured in those countries. China just surpassed the US as the country with the largest CO2 output in the world.  And if China's and India's sulfur output causes another cooling effect, then we're not experiencing global warming, are we?  Two points: 1) China has indeed (based on estimates) passed the US in CO2 production. In case *you* hadn't noticed, the US doesn't make up the whole of 'the west'. But China and India are indeed churning out a lot of sulphurous gas. This is not a good thing. It's rather toxic and causes acid rain. Chances are they'll start using cleaner technology when people start keeling over dead and their water supplies are fouled. 2) Global warming is not a homogenous effect. The really worrying warming is that which happens at the poles. Some parts of the globe may well experience cooling even disregrading the effects of smog clouds.
Yes, the fact. The historical trend of CO2 following changes in temperature is now well established.  The fact that it's a positive feedback system is well established.   Oh wait, its because you don't think you need data, since its arrogant to look at the facts yourself, better instead to rely on consensus.  Have a word with yourself. It's arrogant to think that you know better than professional scientists. It's arrogant to think that your Googling somehow trumps their research.  It is published, you just haven't heard of it before now, because it doesn't support the MMGW position.  Okay. And why hasn't anyone else heard of it?  Given the complexity of the climate system, how could you predict with any confidence that proposed restrictions on CO2 output would change the rate of climate change sufficiently enough to justify their costs. We're talking about obscene amounts of money, enough perhaps to cure AIDS, cancer, to develop the third world, but instead the imperative is to manipulate CO2 output in some way when it is unclear this manipulation will have much an effect at all.  You mean all that money we were using to save the world *before* we knew there was a problem with the climate? The fact that *you're* unsure that the measures being taken will have any effect, or are even important, frankly doesn't carry any weight over here.   That you aren't aware of published data doesn't mean it doesn't exist.  Invisible pink unicorns spring to mind.  ABE: I'd also suggest that arguing that the measures we take to combat global warming being the cause of widespread death in the developing world are something of a red herring. Given that Global Warming is unequivocally happening, if we *aren't* the cause of it, then we're pretty much screwed anyway. Sub-Saharan Africa seems unlikely to be able to support much in the way of Agriculture, Bangladesh will be underwater...in fact I'd envision the equatorial regions would be pretty unpleasant to live in.
Professional scientists are the ones who discovered this information.  Discovered that temperature is driving CO2 production? Isn't this the kind of blatantly obvious bit of data that *nobody* could miss?  Plenty of people have heard of it. You and Al Gore don't constitute a representative sample.  Sorry, I wasn't clear. I meant 'within the scientific mainstream', not amongst 'people who wish it wasn't happening'.  I don't expect it to, since you've already explained you believe in majoritarianism rather than reason.  I believe creationism is false because it is illogical, you believe it is false because it is unpopular among scientists.  Nah, by creationism's lights it's perfectly logical. God can do anything, his motives are ineffable and he can make it all any way he wants. What it *isn't* is 'scientific'. It is, therefore, a truism that it's unpopular amongst scientists.
There is no way they are able to monitor the mean temp, nor have a historical history of temp on Mars, it is a bunch of bull.  Mars is ot earth. MArs soes not have out atmosphere. Heat escaped more freely into space. Mars doesn't have the UV protection we have. Mars doesn't have trees that produce O2. There is now way you can even compare the two.
Okay pretty easy thing to know. When you burn something, like oil, you produce CO2. When CO2 is placed in large amounts in the atmosphere it heightens the temperature (proof in graph below). I'm all for walking and whatnot when you can, and against this addiction to oil. The gov't of denver shouldnt be doing it to the extent that they are now, but they have a good idea.  http://i98.photobucket.com/albums/l263/Unriggable/deficit.gif
City governments have figured out that they have the magic wand of revenue.  There are people sitting in offices planning, 8 to 10 hours a day on how to get more of your money. They are very adept at their jobs.  Reminds me of Haliburton and Dick Cheney.
Reminds me of Haliburton and Dick Cheney. Reminds me of any of the 1% who sit around daily thinking up ways to screw the 99%.
jyoshu, I'd simply point out that scientists are in almost total agreement (you will always have a few fringys) that Global Warming is (1) occurring and (2) humans are a major contributing factor. Now we have the tools that we need to fix the problem.  Listed below is what Denver is doing according to the website jyoushu gave us: Making heavy users of electricity and natural gas pay more Charging residents who throw away a lot of trash  Setting energy-efficiency standards for new construction  Giving carpoolers and hybrids priority for parking   It sounds to me that they are saying "there is a serious problem and we need to change the way we act." It shows vision, it asks for sacrifice, and it both punishes abusers and rewards those who successfully change their behavior. These ideas are not only practical, but also easy to implement. From a "what can i do" perspective I like the idea. My family is currently preparing to purchase a hybrid car and looking into solar panels for our house. Not only are solar panels good for the environment, but they also save you a hell of a lot on energy! Again, you may see them as communist, but I instead see it as a good vision of a true American leader. Pull up the your sleeves and get to work! That's the American spirit.
jyoushu, no, i have to disagree with you. Most scientists fully agree that humans are a major contributing factor. I remember it being bounced in the news that the major scientific community (basically the ABA of scientists) released findings with strong language to the effect of both one and two. Now, i'll grant you they don't say they are 100% sure of it, but for scientists they use pretty strong language. You just have to understand where they are coming from.   Oh, and yes I understand that they are making it mandatory. I see global warming as a real threat. To counteract this threat we [society] must change some of our habits, and this is a good way to get habits to change. Unlike you, I have faith in the government, having been a public servant. You see, when people are acting in a negative manner, I believe that government is the way you get them to correct it, or at least one of many different available ways.
Actually, the DA's office I worked in had a murder trial going on. I watched national news several months ago and they claimed that up to a 20 bodies were found in the yard... I asked at our office and they were like ###? We have NO idea where they got that number. Our own investigators say it was more like 4-6.  In my experience the media often gets things in government wrong. I looked back at the report (as they did give a citation) and confirmed the information myself. As for government propaganda, you often find the ways to read between the lines and figure it out for yourself. You also learn to appreciate the other side because, most of the time, they have convictions that are just as honest and strong as yours... they just happen to be wrong ;). You disagree with them, you fight with them, sometimes you scream at them and they scream back, but at the end of the day, professionalism is able to shake hands, laugh it off, and say good job, let's get a beer. Cause at the end of the day, you still have to work with others.
They are in agreement on #1 yes, but on #2 they are not. There are a lot of scientists who aren't convinced of that and many of them have even said they feel the evidence says otherwise. One of the tactics those who push the global warming thing have used is to make the "total agreement" and "consensus" claims when in fact there in not complete consensus that humans are the main cause.   There have been two Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports this year. Their conclusions are:  "Warming of the climate system is unequivocal."  "Most of the observed increase in globally averaged temperatures since the mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations."  http://www.ipcc.ch/SPM2feb07.pdf
thelmoose, thanks for finding the thing i was referencing earlier!
upon re-reviewing document I would direct your attention to page three, the charts show cyclical change, and then what has been happening recently seemingly far out of the cyclical norm.  Further supported by   The atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide in 2005 exceeds by far the natural range over the last 650,000 years (180 to 300 ppm) as determined from ice cores. The annual carbon dioxide concentration growth-rate was larger during the last 10 years (1995 - 2005 average: 1.9 ppm per year), than it has been since the beginning of continuous direct atmospheric measurements (1960 - 2005 average: 1.4 ppm  per year)  The base line conclusion relevant here is:  The understanding of anthropogenic warming and cooling influences on climate has improved since the Third Assessment Report (TAR), leading to very high confidence(7) that the globally averaged net effect of human activities since 1750 has been one of warming, with a radiative forcing of 1.6 [+0.6 to +2.4] W m-2.   Foot note seven says:    In this Summary for Policymakers the following levels of confidence have been used to express expert judgments on the correctness of the  underlying science: very high confidence at least a 9 out of 10 chance of being correct; high confidence about an 8 out of 10 chance of being  correct.   Further flushing out what my concerns are:    New data since the TAR now show that losses from the ice sheets of Greenland and Antarctica have very likely contributed to sea level rise over 1993 to 2003. Flow speed has increased for some Greenland and Antarctic outlet glaciers, which drain ice from the interior of the ice sheets. The corresponding increased ice sheet mass loss has often followed thinning, reduction or loss of ice shelves or loss of floating glacier tongues. Such dynamical ice loss is sufficient to explain most of the Antarctic net mass loss and approximately half of the Greenland net mass loss. The remainder of the ice loss from Greenland has occurred because losses due to melting have exceeded accumulation due to snowfall.   Global average sea level rose at an average rate of 1.8 [1.3 to 2.3] mm per year over 1961 to 2003. The rate was faster over 1993 to 2003, about 3.1 [2.4 to 3.8] mm per year. Whether the faster rate for 1993 to 2003 reflects decadal variability or an increase in the longer-term trend is unclear. There is high confidence that the rate of observed sea level rise increased from the 19th to the 20th century. The total 20th century rise is estimated to be 0.17 [0.12 to 0.22] m.   Finally page 9 lists dangers of global warming, and the lowest level it has for the option of "Likelihood of a human contribution to observed trend" is "More likely than not." That is, greater than 51%. The only reason that t is not higher is stated in footnote f, "Magnitude of anthropogenic contributions not assessed. Attribution for these phenomena based on expert judgment rather  than formal attribution studies." In other words, we have no formal proof yet, but our best guess of the experts based on preliminary data is...  conclusion I draw, humans are probably a cause, let us alleviate as much of the problem as we can!
There is definitely a controversy between whether or not Global Warming is happening or not. I know that where I live, the year-round temperature is actually getting colder! Anyway, even if Global Warming was a proven fact, nothing should change. We should still be trying to create as little pollution as possible, right? So, what does it matter?  Because global warming changes what we consider to be pollution. CO2 emissions are only really a pollutant because they contribute to climate change, because the levels for CO2 to be toxic to humans are order of magnitude higher than those presently in the atmosphere.
There is definitely a controversy between whether or not Global Warming is happening or not. I know that where I live, the year-round temperature is actually getting colder!  You live pretty far north yeah? Winters should go colder and summers hotter, that is what is happening and that is exactly what Global Warming predicts.   Anyway, even if Global Warming was a proven fact, nothing should change. We should still be trying to create as little pollution as possible, right? So, what does it matter?  Aside from coastal cities being flooded, the breadbasket of the US moving North, desertification of many places on the Equator, more complex problems over water (even water wars as predicted by some in the Pentagon), the end of skiing in many place, the list is pretty long.
There is definitely a controversy between whether or not Global Warming is happening or not.  There isn't. The controversy is over whether it's man-made or not.
There isn't. The controversy is over whether it's man-made or not.  And if we can actually doing anything about it. From what I hear on the fringes, the debate should not be about how to change or stop it, but how to change to deal with it and what we should expect as society adapts to a change in climate.
And if we can actually doing anything about it.Plant lots and lots of trees.emoticon_xgood
The earth is coming out of a third or fourth ICE AGE. It will get warmer for another few thousand years, then it will ice over again. There is nothing we can do about it. We are not contributing enough to the warming that we could reverse it if we stopped doing whatever it is that we do to contribute.  Al Gore is a shyster riding on the fears of dupes who think mankind controls the earth.  Any evidence to support this or is it just a neat excuse not to take any action?
Any evidence to support this or is it just a neat excuse not to take any action?  Probably neat excuse. Do you expect jim to back that claim up? emoticon_xgood Don't hold your breath.
The earth is coming out of a third or fourth ICE AGE. It will get warmer for another few thousand years, then it will ice over again.  Sure it will, according to one theory out of 500 that doesn't have evidence...  There is nothing we can do about it. We are not contributing enough to the warming that we could reverse it if we stopped doing whatever it is that we do to contribute.  Could you care to explain why the biggest jumps in temperature correspond to the Industrial Revolution? Why it is that for millions of years that the temperature doesn't fluctuate significently but the years we start adding huge amounts of emissions into the air the temperatures start to change?   Al Gore is a shyster riding on the fears of dupes who think mankind controls the earth.  So we don't? I thought we had the capacity to destroy it. That seems within the range of control eh?
Al wants you to think all we have to do is stop emitting CO2. He wants you to fear something that he knows how to fix...so you'll give him prizes for being a genius and solving the problem.  Gore can shove it. What he says doesn't matter. You're trying to fallaciously cast everyone who accepts global warming as a Gore supporter. There's far more then just CO2 as what is probably causing Global Warming, but to believe that nothing is happening is just stupid and to believe that throwing billions of tons of emissions into the atmosphere isn't going to do anything is just asinine.  Tell me, what has caused the global warming on Mars?...Jupiter? I understand the temperatures there have been rising more in the past few years than before. Think it could be resulting from their industrial age?  Do you always use fallacious arguments? Mars hasn't seen a spike like we have. Trying to argue that all warming is the same is dishonest.  Check the stats on his personal home. Check the emissions rating of his antique private jet. He claims to be doing his part by leading a carbon neutral life...which means he merely paid for permission to continue polluting the earth with his inefficient means of private transportation and his energy sucking home.  How does this prove he is wrong? Being a hypocrite does not make your arguments on things wrong. Someone is wrong for independent reasons, such as data is false, or they are just outright lying and you can prove it. If I say that murder is wrong and I kill someone, does that make murder right because I'm a hypocrite? No. Stop being dishonest and you are using the fallacy of changing the subject. Just because Gore is a hypocrite doesn't make his argument false.  I see you as always fail to actually provide a respectable source.  I see you outright refuse to address my points. As always.
I wonder if you even bothered to read your own links.  HEARTLAND INSTITUTE doesn't suggest that global warming isn't happening, only that solar radiation is partially at fault. Your assertion that it isn't happening is contradicted by your own source. The first doesn't allow access.  The second one (and third) is trying as you are, to cast all warming as the same. Tell me how that is a reasonable argument.   "These parallel global warmings -- observed simultaneously on Mars and on Earth -- can only be a straightline consequence of the effect of the one same factor: a long-time change in solar irradiance."  What? HOW? So pumping billions of tons every year of materials we know that trap heat won't raise temperature? Are you serious? Are you even going to bother to provide some evidence that suggest that the spike and rapid rises in temperature after the industrial revolution aren't true or just pretend that it didn't happen?  I noticed you didn't bother to check the links in your links.   From the last one: it link on pluto, the ACTUAL link says this : Jay Pasachoff, an astronomy professor at Williams College, said that Pluto's global warming was "likely not connected with that of the Earth.  The jupiter one puts this, which your site omitted: Little is known about how storms form on the giant planet.  And it puts all of the temperature change on the storm. How again does this help you?   The triton case: Elliot and his colleagues believe that Triton's temperature has increased because of indications that the pressure of the atmosphere has increased. Because of the unusually strong correlation between Triton's surface ice temperature and its atmospheric pressure, Elliot said scientists can infer a temperature increase of 3 degrees Fahrenheit over nine years based on its recent increase in surface vapor pressure.  Again, not helping you and in fact proving that warming can happen for a variety of reasons.   And the National Geographic is based off one ONE man who did not cite any evidence.   You fail. Hard.  Why are you constantly insisting that I do not address your points?  Because you don't. And people do believe it. Whether they believe you is something entirely different.  None of your links disprove Gore. Even if Gore is a hypocrite it doesn't make his argument wrong. You constantly fail to understand this even when I gave you a example that shows your logic makes the action correct if someone says it is wrong and then does it, particularly if you don't like that person.   If Gore did not exist it would not make global warming false.  Read your links carefully next time.
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20071023/ap_on_sc/vanishing_glaciers  Explain that away.  Furthermore, carbon trading is similar to sulfur and other emissions trading.   Those obviously work. Why is carbon trading a sham and the multibillion dollar sulfur credit market not?   Or are you going to run away from that just as Archangel did?
You don't read too well yourself. I have not claimed that global warming is not happening.  You 'merely' implied it wasn't carbon based and provided links asserting that our warming was the same as theirs. Too bad you didn't read the links showing a variety of reasons for warming.   I never thought the links were claiming global warming is not happening. What I and the the links are saying is that Al Gore is full of it regarding how much we contribute to it. His movie is full of lies and he is hypocritical in asking us to conserve while he simply buys carbon credits so he can continue to pollute.  Obviously you didn't read your own links. Your links just show that warming happens for a variety of reasons, and that their warming isn't related to ours. In fact that actually hurts your argument as they show warming isn't uniform.
Is someone seriously you suggesting you can determine a trend with two data points? emoticon_xdonno
Around the world, thousands of scientists have devoted their professional lives to studying the climate. Not centrally organised, they sometimes build temporary affiliations but they remain scientists throughout &#8211; that is, they are independent, constantly challenge each other and are committed to searching for truth through objective, independently verifiable evidence.  Overwhelmingly, this evidence has led to four conclusions. The first is that the world is warming. The global average temperature has increased by about 0.8 degrees since 1850, with most of the increase occurring since 1950. The warming varies among decades because of natural fluctuations but the overall trend has been inexorably upward.  Warming is evident in other indicators, such as rising sea levels and reduced sea-ice and snow cover. Of these, the most important measure is the extra heat in the oceans, which is steadily rising. Claims that climate change has reversed since 1998 are misrepresentations of the full data.  The second conclusion is that the dominant cause of the warming since about 1950 is the increase in the atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases released by human activities, of which carbon dioxide (CO2) is the most important.  This critical conclusion is based on several independent lines of evidence, including basic physics, studies of climate changes in both in the geological past and in the industrial era, and finally &#8211; but far from solely &#8211; from the predictions of climate models. Together, these provide an overwhelming case that increasing greenhouse gas concentrations cause warming, and that CO2 is the largest contributor to the current warming trend.  Other contributors include changes in the sun&#8217;s output associated with sunspots and solar flares, and volcanic dust. However, if these were solely responsible for temperature changes since 1850, the world should have cooled over the past half-century rather than warming at an increasing rate.  The third conclusion is that warming will increase in future, if emissions of CO2 and other greenhouse gases maintain their present paths. "Business as usual" scenarios for future emissions lead to likely global temperature increases of up to six degrees above present temperatures by 2100.  These are dramatic temperature increases, which would be accompanied by major disruptions to food supplies, river flows and water availability, significant and ongoing rises in sea level (of up to about a metre by 2100 and potentially metres over longer times), disease threats, disruptions to ecosystems including the extinction of many species, and social and geopolitical destabilisation.  The fourth conclusion is that climate change cannot be reversed for many centuries, because of the massive heat stores in the world&#8217;s oceans. Even if CO2 and other greenhouse gas concentrations were stabilised today at their present levels, a further warming of at least 0.6 degrees would inevitably follow (on top of the 0.8 degrees observed since 1850) and sea-level rise would continue for centuries to millenniums.  These four conclusions have been known and agreed among thousands of independent climate scientists for more than a decade. However, new findings suggest that the situation is, if anything, more serious than the assessment of just a few years ago.  The heightened concern among climate scientists arises from a growing realisation that climate change can be accelerated beyond current predictions by reinforcing "climate feedbacks", which contribute to climate change and are accelerated as it occurs, thus causing climate change to feed on itself. When these feedbacks are sufficiently strong they become "climate tipping points" which can flip the climate into a new state with essentially no way to recover.  Several feedbacks are of immediate concern. Interactions between climate and the earth&#8217;s carbon cycle (the exchange of carbon between the atmosphere, the land and the oceans) will act to accelerate climate change if sinks do not keep pace with emissions (as is already happening) and/or if previously stable carbon stores are released to the atmosphere under climate change, for example by the thawing of carbon-rich frozen soils.  Accelerated polar warming will cause loss of ice and a consequent darkening of the surface, leading to more heat absorption and faster warming. Atmospheric concentrations of aerosols (tiny particulates) are likely to decrease in future as nations improve air quality, leading to accelerated warming as the cooling effect of aerosols is reduced.  Oceans are becoming more acidic as a consequence of increased CO2 in the atmosphere. When CO2 concentrations exceed levels to be reached by 2035 under business-as-usual emissions scenarios, there will be severe disruptions to marine ecosystems (including the Great Barrier Reef and ocean food chains), which will endanger fisheries and weaken the uptake of CO2 by oceans.  Temperature rises of two to three degrees (or higher) carry a high risk of irreversible decay of the Greenland ice sheet from surface warming alone, leading to a sea level rise of up to about seven metres. Destabilisation of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet would cause a further few metres of sea-level rise.  A climate conference in Copenhagen in March concluded that societies were highly vulnerable to even modest levels of climate change, with poor nations and communities particularly at risk. Temperature rises above two degrees will be very difficult for contemporary societies to cope with and will increase the level of climate disruption through the rest of the century.  All of these concerns are firmly grounded in science. They have led the great majority of climate scientists to conclude (paraphrasing the summary of the Copenhagen conference) that rapid, sustained and effective emissions reductions are required to avoid &#8216;&#8216;dangerous climate change&#8217;&#8217;, regardless of how it is defined.  Higher future emissions increase the risk of crossing climate tipping points and they increase the likelihood that the long-term social and economic costs of both adaptation and mitigation will be higher.  This article was written by Michael Raupach and John Church, CSIRO; David Griggs, Amanda Lynch and Neville Nicholls, Monash University; Nathan Bindoff, Antarctic Climate and Ecosystems Co-operative Research Centre; Matthew England and Andy Pitman, University of NSW; Ann Henderson-Sellers and Lesley Hughes, Macquarie University; Ove Hoegh-Guldberg, University of Queensland; Roger Jones, Victoria University; David Karoly, University of Melbourne; and Tony McMichael and Will Steffen, Australian National University.   Climate change poised to feed on itself - Opinion - smh.com.au
Well, I am in good company. :)  See you in hell then before it freezes over.  Gee! the power of the documentary, it caused global cooling. so the pen is mightier than CO2
Yes, Archie  Overwhelmingly, this evidence has led to four conclusions. The first is that the world is warming. The global average temperature has increased by about 0.8 degrees since 1850, with most of the increase occurring since 1950. The warming varies among decades because of natural fluctuations but the overall trend has been inexorably upward.  Warming is evident in other indicators, such as rising sea levels and reduced sea-ice and snow cover. Of these, the most important measure is the extra heat in the oceans, which is steadily rising. Claims that climate change has reversed since 1998 are misrepresentations of the full data.
Baloney! There has been major melting of ice at both the North and South Poles, meaning that far more of the sun's energy heat and energy will remain trapped in the Earth's atmosphere rather than being bounced off into outer space.  Further, enormously unseasonably warm weather recently experienced in the Pacific Northwest broke all sorts of historic records.  Temperatures of 104 degrees Farenheit in a region which very rarely registers three-digit temps.  In fact, the weather templates of the local TV stations were unable to easily record the record temperatures.  Also, the nightly temperatures also reached record highs never before recorded historically.  So.... where the devil is this global cooling that a single battalion of fools thinks is in existence?
What report?  the 29 year warming trend stands at 1.5 degree cent per century.  the trend is that the earth is warming. Of course is not a steady straight line as you well know. The surface temp on land and sea is rising. This is the scientific consensus.  by the way, if I remember correctly until recently you didn't care about 'scientific consensus' that you now invoke but you can not prove that is in your side.
Three glaciers in different climate zones of the U.S. Northwest have shrunk rapidly since 1989, confirming the impact of global warming on their decline, the government said in a report.   The glaciers in Alaska and the state of Washington have shown a &#8220;rapid and sustained&#8221; loss of mass over the two decades, according to today&#8217;s report from the U.S. Geological Survey. The South Cascade glacier in Washington is shrinking at a rate that may see it disappear in 50 years, said Edward Josberger, the report&#8217;s lead author.   Glaciers in the Northwest have gained or lost mass from year to year since the agency began collecting data in 1957, because of changes in winter storm patterns tied to shifts in Pacific Ocean currents, Josberger said. The cumulative decline since 1989 suggests that global warming has overcome those seasonal variations.  &#8220;That&#8217;s telling us something on a larger scale is happening,&#8221; Josberger, a senior scientist at the geological survey stationed in Tacoma, Washington, said in an interview.   Melting glaciers add to the rise of sea level, threatening low-lying and coastal communities. The loss of glaciers in the Northwest also affects rivers and streams where species such as bull trout and salmon live, Josberger said. Those fish prefer the colder, highly oxygenated water that runs off the glaciers in the spring and summer.   Maritime, Interior Glaciers   Two of the glaciers, Wolverine on Alaska&#8217;s coast and South Cascade, are in maritime climates that are strongly influenced by Pacific Ocean currents and winter storms. The third, Gulkana, is in the interior of Alaska where there is less annual snowfall and the temperatures are colder and drier.   Scientists track the growth and decline of glaciers by taking snow core samples and measuring the height of the annual snowfall. The data are used to estimate the net balance of a glacier, its average mass over a year.   &#8220;More than 99 percent of America&#8217;s thousands of large glaciers have long-documented records of an overall shrinkage as climate warms,&#8221; agency scientist Bruce Molnia said in a statement.   Global warming is shrinking glaciers in the Himalayan mountains, threatening water supplies in China and India, and increasing the likelihood of regional disputes, according to a report earlier this year from the Asia Society, a New York-based nonprofit group that promotes Asian-U.S. relations. Asia, with half the world&#8217;s population, has less fresh water than any continent except Antarctica.   To contact the reporter on this story: Jim Efstathiou Jr. in New York at jefstathiou@bloomberg.net   Last Updated: August 6, 2009 15:04 EDT
The Astronomical Society of Australia have just released a report confirming we have embarked on a ~25 year global cooling trend, the scientific consensus is in and there is only a holdout amongst head in the sand denialists.  btw even if you don't believe in global cooling (which no sane or honest person would deny - do you work for a carbon capture corporation by any chance, hmmm!?), surely you agree that we have to do something now to prevent even the possibility of it!  do you by any chance work for the coal mining industry ?
ACT! emoticon_rolleyes
we will just pass a law preventing any of you global warming deniers from buying or using fnas or air conditioners in your cars, places of work or houses. but since the planet is cooling according to you ...   you live by the sword, you sweat by the sword
The Astronomical Society of Australia have just released a report confirming we have embarked on a ~25 year global cooling trend, the scientific consensus is in and there is only a holdout amongst head in the sand denialists.  btw even if you don't believe in global cooling (which no sane or honest person would deny - do you work for a carbon capture corporation by any chance, hmmm!?), surely you agree that we have to do something now to prevent even the possibility of it!  Interestingly, the Sun's solar cycle has been in the phase locked mode for the last 105 yr (1900-2005) and the indications are that it is about to suffer another phase catastrophe in the later part of cycle 24 (i.e. the solar cycle that will peak in ~2011-2012). If this is the case, then we should expect that in the two decades following the phase catastrophe, the world's mean temperature should be noticeably cooler i.e. the cooling should start in the late 2010s. This claim is based on the precedent that there were noticeable decreases in the world's mean temperature following the last two phase catastrophes. The cool period know as the Dalton Minimum (1800-1820) that followed the phase catastrophe in the early 1790s and a similar cool period called the Victorian Minimum (1880-1900) that followed the phase catastrophe in the late 1870s. http://www.publish.csiro.au/view/journals/dsp_journal_fulltext.cfm?nid=138&f=AS06018 The paper you reference (published in June '08) talks about cycles of solar activity. This paper in no way indicates that man made global warming is false. It suggests that solar activity occurs in cycles, and we may be coming to the end of a cycle of peak solar activity, after which the earth will cool a few degrees for a 20 year period. It is notable that if this does occur, it will be a temporary cooling. The overall temperature of the earth has increased dramatically over the past 200 years in spite of both the Dalton and Victorian minimums. So while this cooling could temporarily bring global temps down, they will return to pre-minimum levels, which will still be above average.   But then it should be noted that one of the authors of this paper recommended that we bulldoze snow to make it less reflective to counter the effects of global cooling. Genious. emoticon_rolleyes
people like you, specially you, ought to be taken to a sauna and let to steam at 100 degree C while waiting for the planet to cool. or better still be taken to a tropical island one of those sinking below sea level thanks to man induced global warming and buried to your neck on the beach waiting for the hight tide to come in or the sea level drop.
First of all snakespit, I had thought better of you than to schill for corporate interests, I guess I was wrong.  Secondly, we are past the point of debating the issue - it is too critical to the future of humanity to avoid global cooling to at this point have it in the hands of denialists and head-in-the-sanders. Either start shovelling coal or get out of the way, no more hand waving and do-nothing arguments designed to obfuscate the issue while you get rich exploiting the planet.  As the past illustrates, global cooling can easily run away, freezing much of the planet. If you have any sense at all you will agree we need to stop this from happening, regardless of how much you have invested in the carbon trading markets. The people warning about this are scientists, you are not qualified to disagree with them or question their logic.  If you want anyone to take you seriously you need to link peer reviewed papers from at least 10 qualified astronomers denying global cooling - I will then proceed to smear and defame them based on their age, race, gender, employer (past or present), education, papers published by them earlier in their careers, or tangential association with carbon trading corporations or government funded entities.  Either you are trolling, or completely impervious to logic and common sense. :)
 The total knowledge of all the people who believe in global warming on this forum is gleaned from newspapers and the internet. I dont believe anyone on here actually is involved in research.   That's actually a false dichotomy. I have studied related fields so I have some knowledge beyond the layman in the relevant areas of quantum physics, I'm by no means an expert in the field but to say all my knowledge comes from newspapers and the Internet is incorrect.  I have no doubt at all that there are solar radiation cycles that affect our climate. This has no bearing on the problems caused by CO2 emissions, the most it can do is provide a breathing space to get CO2 emissions under control. If temperatures are restrained slightly by a low point in natural cycles then it will give us time to get low carbon technology in place for when it reaches another peak - a peak in natural cycles plus the effect of CO2 emissions would be even worse.
Either you are trolling, or completely impervious to logic and common sense. :)   of course she is trolling, how many posting of hers you have to read to realize that?   she doesn't want to admit what she knows it's true so she is making fun of it.  making fun of it won't cool the Earth. :)  I suppose that had she been aboard the Titanic she would have denied it was sinking and kept on dancing until she was in the water.
if you knew anything about Greek mythology you ought to know that Cassandra was proven right  the difference between you and symbiote is that she knows that the earth is not cooling down, so she resorts to sarcasm trying to make fun of the scientific consensus that yes CO2 is warming up the planet. you instead think that really the earth is not warming up.  If you put a heater in a room and as the temperature is raising you turn on the air conditioner of course the room's temp will drop for as long as the aircond is on but it doesn't mean the heater is not introducing heat in the room. the earth's 'heater' is the CO2 we the human kind is pumping into the atmosphere.
I think Symbiote is making a valid point and not trolling at all! Anyone who doubts the certainty of global warming are called 'deniers' by the believers with the same venom that 'heretic' was used against others in the past . The total knowledge of all the people who believe in global warming on this forum is gleaned from newspapers and the internet. I dont believe anyone on here actually is involved in research. So my guess is as good as yours.  these people are involved in research:  This article was written by Michael Raupach and John Church, CSIRO; David Griggs, Amanda Lynch and Neville Nicholls, Monash University; Nathan Bindoff, Antarctic Climate and Ecosystems Co-operative Research Centre; Matthew England and Andy Pitman, University of NSW; Ann Henderson-Sellers and Lesley Hughes, Macquarie University; Ove Hoegh-Guldberg, University of Queensland; Roger Jones, Victoria University; David Karoly, University of Melbourne; and Tony McMichael and Will Steffen, Australian National University.  Climate change poised to feed on itself - Opinion - smh.com.au  it is not our guess. what you read in the internet on on papers and magazines are the results and pronostics of scientists, not the reporter's opinion who wrote the article for the newspapers or their readers.  Do you think that governments all over the world are acting because of something they wrote here in this forum?
CNSNews.com - Another New Study Challenges Climate Change ?Orthodoxy?    UN IPCC Scientist: 'No convincing scientific arguments to support claim that increases in greenhouse gases are harmful to the climate' | Climate Depot  and this one!  You see I can find evidence to support my argument in the same way as you did. CNSN! Ptah!  Founded by right wing nitwit Brent Bozell III.  Got any decent resources on this?
Climate Skeptics Reveal 'Horror Stories' of Scientific Suppression (NYC Conference Report)  another article quoting scientists Jeepers creepers! FreeRepublic!  Like the bleeding Freepers have anything worthwhile to say.  Give me a break!
Same ol 'same ol' if it dont agree then it cant be right.  These are the views of people who have first hand information to research but do not agree with with the current religion! Simone cant even disagree with their views because she doesnt know anything about it so she says things like ptahemoticon_rolleyes  Thing is, when you quote those sort of sources, it's hard to respond to them without knowing how much of it theyve made up. We know, for example, that the 400 scientists claim is junk, the list containing a great many economists, others who agree with the science of global warming but think technology will get us out of the mess, and a great many who are no more scientists than I am (i.e. they have a degree in a science subject). Knowing that this list is complete hocum, what are we to make of the rest of the piece?
The problem with that argument is that for most of the 8 years of the Bush presidency, the US government was intent on trying to undermine climate change science, as were the major energy companies. Bush finally bowed to the overwhelming weight of the evidence and, yes, the consensus. There were plenty of people looking very hard to find alternative explanations for the evidence and the reality is that they failed totally. If a researcher, whether post-grad or post-doc or professor, finds compelling evidence that undermines the theories that underpin climate change they're going to be hailed as a genius, and if someone had already come up with this evidence then the denial industry would be proclaiming it from the rooftops, as they've already attempted to do with their myriad other attempts (sunspots et al). Finally if such evidence exist there ought to be some scientific papers outlining it. I've posted links in the past to an archive of the papers, dating back a century or more, that support climate change, where are the papers that undermine it?
if you don't know and you said that all information obtained in newspaper is false then why do you bother to provide it here ?  for someone who said that doesn't know it is clear from your postings that you had the strong opinion that the earth is not warming up. if you were consequent with your words you would not have an opinion either in favor or against global warming.  why do you think the glaciers are melting all over the world if the temp is not rising?   do you really think that basic science is wrong also and CO2 does not trap heat? This was proven in the XIXth century by the way.  so governments are listening to scientists who know nothing, such as the group of Australian scientists I quoted several times in this thread?  I suppose that if a loony tells you that the earth is flat that would be enough for you to believe it is so.  Have a look at any chart of temperature of the earth since the dawn of the industrial age and you will see an average steady rise. There are spikes up and down but the trend is definitely upwards.  If you want to sit and wait for the Titanic to sink be my guest, but the rest of us are pumping the water out and trying to plug the hole, if it is not too late already.  I know what people like you will say if nothing is done and the predictions come true:  "Well, it wasn't proven then, I had to see it with my own eyes to be convinced" and also of course "Why didn't the government do something, isn't that what the government is supposed to do?"  I suppose that the only way for you to be convinced that if you jump off a cliff you'll fall and kill yourself is to try it, right?  Well, most people have common sense and therefore listen to the consensus of the experts on the matter.
I think Symbiote is making a valid point and not trolling at all! Anyone who doubts the certainty of global warming are called 'deniers' by the believers with the same venom that 'heretic' was used against others in the past . I like the terms 'uneducated' and 'naive' better than 'denier'.   The total knowledge of all the people who believe in global warming on this forum is gleaned from newspapers and the internet. I dont believe anyone on here actually is involved in research. So my guess is as good as yours.  Spending time reading about any subject can be research. Just because someone is not a climatologist does not mean that they cannot educate themselves.
I dont know whether the earth is warming up or not and neither do you! I do.  So do these people.  As I stated China and India must be seen as a threat to mankind if they industrialise so why are we feeding the thing that will destroy us? Because many people don't believe it? Because some believe it but just don't care? Because people are greedy and more worried about making money? Should I continue?
Even if you 'know' the earth is warming up you and these people do not know if is man made...there is evidence but not proof There is no 'if' about it. The earth has been warming dramatically for the last 200 years. The temperature record does not lie.   So the question is this. If you are skeptical about man-made global warming...what is your alternative theory? Surely you have something.   You asked an intersting question a few posts back  Why arent we completely rethinkiing the way that we will live in the latter part of the 21st century so that we can reduce the amount of CO2 produced and cope with the effects of what we have already done?  Ask yourself that question. Many of us are already doing our part. Why aren't you?
If the earths temperature has been rising for the last 200 years then it probably isnt due to man then is it ?So turning your thermostat down will not make a lot of difference! Turning my thermostat down will not make a lot of difference, but if everyone turned their thermostat down...  And why would you say that man is probably not responsible? Ever heard of a little thing called the industrial revolution?   The answers are in my previous posts  You have repeated something similar to this over and over...  I have stressed time and time again that I get my source of information from the same place as you..the internet and newspapers and there are conflicting opinions from the internet and newspapers ! I did not say they were wrong or right. I said that none of us are climate scientists so we do not know OR my guess is as good as yours   Just because I am not a climatologist does not mean that I cannot educate myself and form an educated opinion. You seem to feel that only experts should be allowed to have a firm belief about global warming. I think you either lack basic reading comprehension and deductive reasoning skills, or you simply have not put time into learning about the subject.   The earth may or may not be warming up and if it is warming up it may or may not be due to increased CO2 in the atmosphere... While the involvment of CO2 is the most probable explanation by far, I could accept you saying that you do not believe that it is the cause of global warming. What I cannot accept is that you don't even seem willing to admit that the earth is warming up. That is a proven fact, yet you still seem unwilling to admit it. No wonder people like you are called 'deniers'.   I will ask again...  Do you have any alternative theory to explain why the earth has warmed dramatically?
We'll take that as a no, then. Contrarianism might seem fun, but it is intellectual bankruptcy.
Are you kidding me? You think that the Industrial revolution started the warming the Earth 200 years ago.And you say you have studied global warming? You obviously do not know anything about the Industrial revolution if you think the amount of energy gained fron coal was enough to start global warming from 200 years agoemoticon_xdonno It has nothing to do with "amount of energy gained"...whatever that means. It does however have to do with the release of greenhouse gases due to the mass burning of fossil fuels that began back in the mid to late 18th century (strangely enough, about the time of the beginning of the idustrial revolution). The first appreciable rises in global CO2 concentration appeared ~1840.   I have put forward my reasons for being sceptical about man made global warming. Where?  Do you not know what the word 'if' means I have not actually denied the earth is warming up. I dont know and nor do you. I also stressed that IF the Earth is warming up there still is the question of whether it is man made or not. Herein lies the problem. Until you can accept some basic facts, you are not worth debating. I already posted a link showing global temps, including the unprecedented increase since ~1950. There is no doubt that the global temp has risen, the only question is what has made it rise? If you are not ready to unequivocally accept the facts regarding the global temp increase, then you have no business in this debate.
As usual Penfold trolls without reading the postsemoticon_xclown  ..........While Gansao demonstrates the accuracy of Penfold's assessment.
 As I said on the last post I am quite willing to accept for the purpose of debate that the global temperature is rising. It may well be rising. Between 5000 and 3000BC average global temperatures were warmer than they are today and 1550 to 1850 AD there was a cooling period known as the little Ice age. So just as the earth warmed up ..it cooled later There was even serious talk of a forthcoming ice age predicted by scientists in the 1970s. What you and the other warmers seem to insist on is that the rise is a caused by human activity.  Thing is, we know that heightened CO2 levels cause warming, it's a matter of basic physics. We know that CO2 levels have increased massively in recent years, now around 35% above the long term average. We know that the increase is a result of human activity. The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase will be caused in the future.
Those liberal glaciers are only melting to make a political point!  " U.S. scientists monitoring shrinking glaciers in Washington and Alaska reported this week that a major meltdown is under way.  The Gulkana glacier in Alaska is one of three glaciers considered a benchmark by the U.S. Geological Survey.  A 50-year government study found that the world's glaciers are melting at a rapid and alarming rate. The ongoing study is the latest in a series of reports that found glaciers worldwide are melting faster than anyone had predicted they would just a few years ago.  It offers a clear indication of an accelerating climate change and warming earth, according to the authors. ...... "   Glaciers a canary in the coal mine of global warming - CNN.com
There is no overriding government interest in climate change that I can see. It would be an awful lot easier in both Britain and the US to rely on coal. Britain has coal for 300 years or more (and considerable marginal oil shales in places like North Somerset), I could see an argument for a tory government 20 years ago not wanting coal from a political point of view, but any government today would rather do without the headache of nimbyism over wind turbines and nuclear power. I don't see an interest for the government in higher energy prices either. Either politicians have genuine concerns about climate change, or they are responding to public concerns about climate change for electoral expediency.  I agree that the short term impact of energy saving measures will be cancelled out by growth in China and India, but in 10 years time we need to be able to go to India and China and say, "look, we know it wouldn't be fair to ask you to not develop in order to save the world from the mess we made, but we've cut our contribution as much as possible, here's the tech we've used now can you agree to use this in future and develop more sustainably?" There's already signs of this happening with India asking for development money for a massive photo-voltaic solar plant.  As for fusion, I don't know enough detail the make a judgement of my own, but I understand that cold fusion is impossible as far as our current knowledge of physics goes, and hot fusion will need to be on a massive scale to produce rather than consume energy, because containing plasma is hugely energy consuming.
Keep mining coal and pumping petroleum, the more the better for they are non-renewable resources and the sooner we run out of them, the sooner our civilization will collapse and that is good news for the planet and all other species except our own. Imagine a pristine planet, without the worst animal ever to walk on the face of the Earth, the most destructicve pest ever, gone for good or reduced to a few million instead of billions. No more mass slaughter of whales, fish, chicken, pigs, horses, cows etc. No more cruel raising of animals for the consumption of the human kind. No more 'experimentation' with defenseless animals either. No more destruction of wild life and their habitat, no more mass extinctions of species by the human kind. No more oil spills, no more toxic waste, no more radioactive waste. So I thank China, India, and the US of A for helping rid the planet of the human race. That is being greenies with a capital G.  By a big car, a humvee preferably, and fly around the world as often as you can. Have lots of fat kids. Have a great time at the airconditioned mall. Eat as much as you can. Consume as if there is no tomorrow. It is all for a good cause: to save our beautiful blue planet.  Enjoy! emoticon_xgood
Problem is that we're likely to cause a mass extinction event of the kind that has wiped out 95% of the species alive at the time. Plus human beings are like cockroaches, when pressed we'll live in almost any conditions.
Problem is that we're likely to cause a mass extinction event of the kind that has wiped out 95% of the species alive at the time. Plus human beings are like cockroaches, when pressed we'll live in almost any conditions.  as long as we are included in the 95% of spiecies to become extinct it is good news.  the human population was low in pre-industrial times and without mechanized means of transport, it will impossible for the human (disg)race to invade wild remote areas. without mass production and transportation of food, famine and disease will cut the numbers to the bone.  we will live like cockroaches but it won't be billions of us just a couple of millions. This will leave the rest of the planet for the rest of the animals to leave in their natural way.
This scientist isn't called Steve, is he? emoticon_xgood
Two scientists, Michael F. Wehner and David R. Easterling, show that such decade-long fluctuations are quite common in weather history. From day to day, season to season, and year to year, the weather shows great variability thanks to natural factors like capricious wind patterns and ocean currents. Changes in climate -- that is, changes in typical weather conditions over long periods of time -- are more difficult to assess. These short-term changes, say the scientists, must be differentiated from long-lasting, consequential trends in order to determine the role of human activities in shaping climate and to formulate industrial policy -- such as imposing a tax on carbon emissions. Wehner, who works at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley, Calif., says that the long-term trend really is toward a warmer planet, but that a single year, 1998, has temporarily thrown off the overall upward march in temperature. In that year, an immense transfer of heat from the western to the eastern Pacific occurred: El Nino (Spanish for "Christ Child"), which often coincides with Christmas time. An El Nino event can have a major impact on rainfall patterns and temperatures over several continents. El Nino and other weather factors can cause a short reversal in the warming trend for a year. A 10-year reversal is less likely, but still possible. Just as in throwing a coin, seven heads in a row is unexpected, but it does happen now and then. In the journal Geophysical Review Letters, Wehner says that even a period of 20 years of modest cooling -- the equivalent of throwing 20 heads in a row -- would not reverse the scientific finding that long-term world temperature is trending upward; the trend is based on data now stretching back more than a century. Does this mean that after 10 years of relative cooling the next few years will be particularly warm in order to make up the cool years? No -- scientists can only say that the overall trend, over many years, is toward higher temperatures. No unusually warm day in January or unusually cool day in July can negate the overall trend. Neither can a cooling decade negate a century-long warming trend. In making policy decisions, argues Wehner and Easterling, don't let today's weather or even this year's weather influence your judgment. Concentrate on the long-term trend. This story was reported by Inside Science News Service.
That's because they have no substantial evidence to support their faith in man made global warming. Here are numerous short yet informative videos which make some very interesting points.  YouTube - Another scientist comes out against global warming  is the Bible in youtube?  what about another scientist comes out in favor of the flat earth ?
I see only bluster and diversion from global cooling denialists. Not one has been able to come up with a list of ASTRONOMERS (scientists, rather than crackpots) who oppose global cooling hysteria, which really says it all.  Thing is, we know that heightened CO2 levels cause warming, it's a matter of basic physics. We know that CO2 levels have increased massively in recent years, now around 35% above the long term average. We know that the increase is a result of human activity. We know that the Earth is cooling. We know that when the Earth cools, much of life will be wiped out. The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase in CO2 outpot will be needed in the future to save the world from catastrophic cooling.  we know you are a troll.
I can't understand why a scientific issue such as global warming end up being treated as a religious issue. Of course religious fundamentalists such as archie deny it is happening because they think only God can change the climate. I suppose the rest just find it an uncomfortable truth and think that denying it, will make it go away.  The Guardian had an interesting piece about it today:  Climate change deniers claim they're censored. What hypocrites. Anthony Watts, sceptic and scourge of climate change science, has used copyright laws to censor an opponent  One of the allegations made repeatedly by climate change deniers is that they are being censored. There's just one problem with this claim: they have yet to produce a single valid example. On the other hand, there are hundreds of examples of direct attempts to censor climate scientists.  Most were the work of the Bush administration. In 2007 the Union of Concerned Scientists collated 435 instances of political interference in the work of climate researchers in the US.  Scientists working for the government were pressured by officials to remove the words "climate change" and "global warming" from their publications; their reports were edited to change the meaning of their findings, others never saw the light of day. Scientists at the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration and the US Fish and Wildlife Service were forbidden to speak to the media; James Hansen at Nasa was told by public relations officials that there would be "dire consequences" if he continued to call for big cuts in greenhouse gases.  Philip Cooney, a senior White House aide who previously worked at the American Petroleum Institute, admitted to Congress that he had made hundreds of changes to government reports about climate change on behalf of the Bush government.  Among other changes, he had struck out evidence that glaciers were retreating and inserted phrases suggesting that there was serious scientific doubt about global warming. In the UK, both Viscount Monckton and Martin Durkin, the director of Channel 4's The Great Global Warming Swindle, have threatened to sue people who have criticised the claims they've made about the science.  Where, on the other hand, is a single verifiable instance of a climate denier being silenced by the authorities? They have yet to produce one. But it suits them to cry wolf. They love to imagine that they are important enough to censor. The claim chimes with their paranoid invocation of a great conspiracy - involving most of the world's scientists, most of the world's governments, most of the world's media and a few hundred million others - to suppress the truth about global warming.  Now we have another marvellous instance of this hypocrisy. Anthony Watts spends much of his time maligning climate scientists and environmentalists on his blog Wattsupwiththat. But while he can dole it out, he can't take it. As Kevin Grandia of desmogblog shows, Watts has just used US copyright laws to take down a YouTube video which exposes his claims. Grandia has since reposted the video (see above) so you can see for yourself what all the fuss is about.  It is not clear how his copyright was infringed by the video, but the US laws have been widely used by other people to block material that they don't like. Websites are obliged to remove any video which is subject to a takedown request, and they can put it back up only if they win an appeal. I charge Watts with the accusation he unjustly levels at other people: this looks to me like an attempt to silence his critics.  Climate change deniers claim they're censored. What hypocrites | George Monbiot | Environment | guardian.co.uk
You have taken a side. Your side is that nothing will convince you that global warming is hapenning. Your excuse is that you are not a scientist, therefore you can't decide, that is your way out.  So if a doctor tells you, you are sick, you don't believe it. No, you have to become a doctor yourself to decide for yourself if you are sick or not.  If a mechanic tells you your car needs a spare part, you also don't believe him, you have to become a mechanic yourself and you decide if he is right or not.  Funny way to live.  Is this the way an educated person functions?  Why do you think governments have scientific advisors?   Yes, you are right Obama must go back to Uni get a degree in environmental sciences, specifically in climate, do all the tests himself and then decide. But if he after doing all of the above decides that yes the climate is changing due to human intervention that would not be enough for you, because Obama probably has a hidden agenda, he is a Nazi or a Socialist blah blah  I think nothing will convince you because you are too scared to face the truth. You can't face the truth. Period
I disagree. There is a huge windfall to be gained by our government (US) in the form of Cap and Trade. Selling CO2 credits is like selling the "ether" that fills the universe. It is a license to print money and our liberal government sees that with crystal clarity.   The government already has a licence to print money, it doesn't need another one. Besides, if the government raises revenue from CO2 credits instead of other taxation, all it does it alter the tax base. If the government needs more revenue then it's not a bad way of getting it. Governments don't raise taxes to spend on swimming pools and hookers (actually may be they do in the US, the way bills get through congress I wouldn't be surprised to find a "Company for lonely Congressmen" rider attached to the climate change bill) they spend it on infrastructure and helping people (and blowing things up of course).    Additionally, pumping 10's of billion of taxpayer dollars into renewable energy projects creates jobs and keeps politicians in office.  So, it is imperative that Obama and crew sell the idea of AGW to the gullable public in order for him to finance his liberal programs.   Sorry, renewable energy is going to create jobs and so you think this is a bad thing?!   Are you serious? You expect China to curtail its growth in order to "save the world"? That's a lot to ask of a country that has almost zero regard for the environment now.    That's not what I said, I said we can't expect carbon cuts from China until we can offer them the technology to continue to grow and cut carbon at the same time. It's outrageous for us to expect them to keep their people in poverty before we put a brake on our wasteful lifestyles.
You're vastly exaggerating the space required for solar. Wind is part of the solution, but so are wave, tidal, biomass and others. Solar hot water heating is very efficient and cost effective, for example, and would drastically cut gas and electricity use. Using reflectors to focus sunlight onto water to drive turbines and generate electricity also has a lot of promise. The other key thing is that energy consumption needs to be cut, insulation, heat exchange systems, better build quality will all make a big dent in energy consumption, before we get on to actual lifestyle changes, like fuel efficient vehicles and public transport.
Clean coal fired power stations don't even exist.
Cleaner yes, clean no. There is no such thing as a clean coal fired power station.
Solar heating of water is already in widespread use in those areas that actually get regular sunlight. I saw many examples of it while in Hawaii, for example. For the rest of us though, especially those of you in foggy England, solar isn't a viable answer.  Additionally, there needs to be a back-up system for when the sun isn't shining...like at night, which occurs on a regular basis. ;)  And as for the land requirements needed for solar farms, I'll dig up the number of thousands of square miles needed based on a study that I read when I get a chance to.  On edit:  The largest solar farm will be 80MW peak and occupy 640 acres - 1 square mile. The US electricity consumption for 2005 was 3,816,000,000 MWh. Assuming 365 days of sunlight at peak output for 12 hours/day, you'd still need 11890 square miles of solar panels to meet US' 2005 demand. Now, if we convert to electic automobiles, we'll need to start building our houses on pontoons in the ocean because there won't be enough land left for houses. ;)  Check my math though, I'm doing this while working.  Assuming you're right, that's an area around 110 miles by 110 miles, to put that in perspective, the total area of the US is around 3.8 million square miles, so you'd have to cover maybe, being generous and say we need 3 times as much area for access roads, power lines, electric cars etc, 1% of the total land mass of the US. And that assumes you want to get all power from solar, which is by no means sensible.  As for solar only being effective in hotter climbs, I've just come back from holiday in Orkney, staying in a cottage where the main water heating was by solar energy, and perfectly adequate (ok it's summer but still, the wind gets up quite a lot in winter so it balances out).
You're absolutely right regarding the land these technologies require in order to become feasible. And the loss of that land for farming, wildlife habitats and development will cost society more than the energy created by the technology.  Wrong.  Solar thermal power plants use less land than hydroelectric dams or coal plants for a similar output. While all power plants require land and have an environmental impact, the best locations for solar power plants are deserts.
No, he really isn't. Solar and wind require monstrous amounts of land to be feasible.  A 1,000 megawatt facility would require over enormous amounts of land for solar, and even greater for wind.  The NERC is projecting that by 2017, energy consumption in merely the US will be 925GW for summer and 756 GW for winter.  That's "G" as in GIGA.  10,000 acres? In a desert? No biggie.  AV Solar Ranch One is a proposed 230 MW power station owned by NextLight Renewable Power. The photovoltaic array will occupy about 2,100 acres (850 ha) in the Antelope Valley. They will sell the electricity for 13c per Kwh. (Photovoltaic arrays are not the most efficient converters of energy available.)
I would like some evidence these technologies have actually been installed anywhere on earth yet in a sand dune type DESERT. I would be very concerned about the damage sandstorms could and would do to the mechanisms and moving parts in both solar screens which turn to angle toward the sun and wind turbines which are finely balanced blades. I can envision the havoc caused by the fine sand from every sand storm which came by. The maintenance in such an environment would be cost prohibitive. Antelope Valley is not such a desert atmosphere and could be utilized for farming as the poppy fields show. California State Parks  And you are dead wrong in saying that Coal fired plants use more land than wind or solar farms. You are off by a factor of around 10,000%.  Note PROPOSED solar farm it will be built next year. There are several already functioning in a little place called the MOJAVE desert. Nellis AFB has one. Where does the coal for a coal fired plant come from? Vast opencast mines. DOH!
Everyone knows that the ice sheet on Greenland is melting. But new research shows it is disappearing much faster than previously thought. The findings could mean that ocean levels are also rising more quickly. The dimensions of this frosty giant go way beyond human imagination. With a surface area spanning some 1.7 million square kilometers (656,000 square miles), a view of Greenland's ice above the Sermeq-Kujalleq glacier near Ilulisat makes it seem endless. The idea that this sheet of ice, which is up to three kilometers thick in parts, is melting seems absurd in the extreme. Were Greenland to lose all of its ice, sea levels would rise some seven meters higher than today's levels. Such a scenario will not become reality overnight -- indeed the process could last hundreds of years. But new results from a team of Dutch researchers suggest that conservative estimates as to the speed with which the ice is melting should be shelved. According to the study, the rate at which Greenland's ice is melting has accelerated substantially in recent years. There are, strictly speaking, two parallel processes responsible for the ice's retreat. On the one hand, rising temperatures melt the ice on land while warmer ocean currents eat away at the glaciers that jut out into the ocean. A research team led by Michiel van den Broeke from the University of Utrecht reported in the most recent edition of the journal Science that the two processes are contributing equally to the disappearance of the ice sheet. Losing Weight  According to the new report, Greenland lost an estimated 1,500 gigatons (one gigaton is equal to 1 billion tons) of ice from the year 2000 to 2008. "That is at the upper end of recent estimates of Greenland mass loss using various other methods," van den Broeke told SPIEGEL ONLINE. Between 2006 and 2008, the loss in weight totaled 273 gigatons per year, he said.  The scientists are convinced their results are accurate because they arrived at their numbers using two fundamentally different methods -- both of which returned the same conclusion. On the one hand, they monitored the movement of the ice which they fed into a regional computer model. For a second data source, they used the Grace observation satellites, which measure the Earth's gravitational field.  In the period between 2000 and 2008, the dwindling glaciers have been responsible for the sea level rising by an average of about half a millimeter per year. However, during the last three years of observation, the value rose to 0.75 millimeters per year. According to the researchers, these results could indicate that the sheet of ice is melting at an accelerated rate.  A Warming Arctic: Greenland's Ice Sheet Melting Faster than Ever - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News - International
We have all heard stories of sea levels rising, icebergs the size of Rhode Island breaking off the main ice shelves, and glacier melts causing devastating Laharres. In addition, many note droughts, shifting weather patterns, increased flooding and rising disease as direct effects of this phenomenon called global warming. Since kindergarten, many have been taught about this principle in little detail. The theory of global warming has reached the status of a doctrine or creed. Who would dare question an idea proposed by the top scientists of the day? Taken on faith by the majority of people who lack the scientific background to review the scientific literature, climate change is viewed as a factual occurrence. Simply look at the record highs reached this year alone in many locations, to obtain irrefutable evidence of this fact. Many years ago we were faced with the same situation when most of the population of the western world were convinced that the earth was flat. If someone were to tell them the earth is a sphere, they would have laughed in the face of the opposition. Certainly anyone alive can see this lack of critical thinking taking form again today, as it pertains to global warming.  Correlation does not necessarily mean causation. If surface temperatures are actually increasing and CO(2) levels are increasing, one could deduce that the two have a cause and effect relationship. However, the scientific evidence for this is not entirely conclusive. As a matter of fact, there are many reasons to believe that the hypothesis of climate change being directly linked to the burning of fossil fuels is erroneous. In order to understand on of the most controversial issues of the day one must understand the theory, the physics, and the scientific method. A detailed look at the theory and problems with that theory must be considered before a person pledges an allegiance to such an idea. These issues will be the focus of this paper, as an investigation into the framework of the debate is thoroughly scrutinized. It will be necessary to lay out the actual theory and lay behind some myths attributed to global warming.  Water vapor, carbon dioxide, and other hydrocarbons are at the heart of the issue, because they fuel our economy and remain byproducts of other process. Here is a site I hope familiarizes the reader with some of the main greenhouse gases and the levels produced.  Source: Greenhouse Gas Emissions  The reason greenhouse gases remain so controversial is largely due to the physics associated with certain types of molecules. All matter emits radiation at a level dependent upon its temperature and type of material, and is given by:  Radiation Law (applies to all objects in the universe, large or small, hot or cold)  R = eps*sig*(T^4)  Where   epsilon = emissivity of the object, and is a property of the material epsilon = Ratio of R of object/R of black body Sigma = Stephan Boltzman constant = 1.38x10^-23 J/K T = temperature in Kelvin  The earth emits mainly infrared radiation. The source of this heat comes mainly from geothermal processes and the absorption and re-radiation of solar energy. The earth's climate is due to a number of factors, the list is numerous and exceeds the topic of this paper. For our purposes we will discuss the temperature aspect. Let us consider the earth to be the system of interest, and the universe to be the surrounding environment. The process of heating the earth remains a continuous, transient process (depending on your view). The temperature variable depends on the amount of heat energy absorbed minus the heat energy released back into space. The earth's atmosphere plays a crucial role in the regulation of heat loss to the surroundings. Overtime the flow-rates of the incoming radiation and output radiation reach some sort of equilibrium. This equilibrium is what allows for the temperatures conducive to life on this planet. The atmosphere can either reflect radiation back into space, or it can trap the radiation and prevent heat loss. Greenhouse gases are known to absorb radiation and because of their molecular properties radiate energy back towards the earth. The unique properties of the greenhouse gases remain the reason for concern over burning fossil fuels and the HVAC industries. However, due to the industrial implications both the left and the right have politicized the issue. Unfortunately, the science has suffered as a result.  Next, specific misconceptions about greenhouse gases must be shed for an objective look at the two sides of the issue. First of all, it was demonstrated that greenhouse gases are a necessity for life on earth. The reasons for this are listed above. Therefore, any idea that all greenhouse gases are bad should be thrown out. Water vapor, carbon dioxide, and methane are a fact of life, and would exist with or without human beings. Clearly, you can see how anyone calling for an all out ban on greenhouse gases is an idiot. Please don't make the mistake of proving you are capable of a flat earth mentality.   Secondly, global warming or the majority of green house gases does not cause Ozone depletion. That is false. Chloro-fluorocarbons (CFC's) have the ability to react with Ozone (0(3)). The chlorine can rapidly catalyze a reaction with oxygen gas being the major product. This phenomenon has been proven without a shadow of doubt. Ozone depletion results in a bombardment of ultra-violet rays, which are harmful to living organisms. This problem is entirely different than that of the global warming scenario, and should not be confused. With its discovery and acceptance, CFC's were effectively banned from use and the ozone hole has demonstrated massive improvement. Yes CFC's do exhibit greenhouse behavior, yet the concentration of CFC's is too minute to make a real difference in the global warming issue.   Link to a site describing some ozone reactions: Ozone Reactions  With a decent discussion of global warming theory, the science behind the theory, and some of the fallacies that accompany its use, we can now look at the problems with the data and the results.  In March of 1994, Scientific America published an article related to errors that scientists were making when they gathered data for their hypothesis. Most of the errors were in regards to making accurate measurements. Since then the methods have become more reliable, but it does raise a question. It was during this time period that popularity for this theory really started to snowball. Given the amount of grants and funding going into this research did scientists overstate the problem in order to secure future funding? Did the liberal media use this as a way to spread an environmentalist agenda regardless of the lack of clear evidence?
With a decent discussion of global warming theory, the science behind the theory, and some of the fallacies that accompany its use, we can now look at the problems with the data and the results.  In March of 1994, Scientific America published an article related to errors that scientists were making when they gathered data for their hypothesis. Most of the errors were in regards to making accurate measurements. Since then the methods have become more reliable, but it does raise a question. It was during this time period that popularity for this theory really started to snowball. Given the amount of grants and funding going into this research did scientists overstate the problem in order to secure future funding? Did the liberal media use this as a way to spread an environmentalist agenda regardless of the lack of clear evidence?  Inaccuracies in ice core sampling with regard to tracking CO(2) emissions persist. It has been shown that CO(2) concentrations increase after the initial deposition of the ice sheet. However, other methods were developed and also show a similar, yet less drastic increase in CO(2) concentration in the atmosphere, post industrial revolution. One such method is stomatal frequency analysis of leaves buried in peat deposits. This approach is more precise than that of the ice core sampling. The evidence obtained from this method corresponds to variations in CO(2) concentrations during glacial-interglacial periods. Furthermore, it has been used to estimate levels during the Miocene, Pliocene, and Pleistocene eras. Studies in the Netherlands have been conducted to investigate CO(2) emissions during the Late Glacial and Holocene periods. The results from these experiments have shown that High rises in CO(2) levels in less than a century have occurred, prior to the industrial revolution. These increases have occurred on the order of roughly 65 ppmv. A cooling occurred 300 years later and was substantiated by interpolating C-14 and O-18 fluctuations relative to one another. This occurrence is called the Preborial Oscillation. In addition, this method lines up closely with other methods of detection, mainly uranium-thorium and carbon-14 dating of coral reef. Not only does this data show a linkage between carbon emissions and global climate, but also it shows that this process has happened over time resulting from natural process. The natural process has led to concentrations similar to those that persist today and those projected for the future. These natural processes have led to a natural cycle of temperature fluctuation and should be a consideration when discussing greenhouse emissions. It appears the earth has a mechanism for balancing concentration levels in the long term, which is good news for those who fear global warming marks the beginning of the end for humanity.  Source: Century-Scale Shifts in Early Holocene atmospheric CO(2) concentration By: Wagner, Friedrike, et al  My greatest concern about the global warming theory is derived from the way such predictions are made. Currently, many proponents for the global warming theory claim that they have a model to predict future weather patterns. Anyone who has relied upon a local weather report to plan a day's events should remain skeptical of such models. How can computer simulations, which fail to account for an infinite number of variables predict the climate 100 years out, when they can not even tell me with a large degree of certainty if it will rain tomorrow? Computer simulations have yet to be considered a good model by anyone, except for the people who are creating the software. It is widely accepted that such simulations are inaccurate in many other fields as well. Although the future of such devices seems promising, they currently lack the sophistication to be considered the final word on such matters.  In continuation, these models have predicted long term effects resulting from global warming. Most noted is prediction for a 4.5-6.0 degree Celsius rise in temperature resulting from a doubling of current concentrations. In addition, the same models have predicted an increase in atmospheric temperature. The Goddard Institute of Space Physics (GISS) has shown warming since 1979, where as, many other methods have not. Other methods of observation include satellite based Microwave Sounding Units (MSU's), weather balloons, and sea level derived temperatures. The only method mentioned, which shows an increase since 1979, is the GISS. All others show very little change at all. Furthermore the atmospheric temperature has failed to increase as predicted by the computer models, providing further proof of the inaccuracies of computer simulations. It has been stated that the GISS model is more suited for the theory of the heat island effect than global warming.  Source: Inconsistencies in data  There are countless reasons why the global warming theory should not be taken as a matter of faith. Problems with the working model remain the most notable. Failures in atmospheric temperature changes failure to materialize in reality is yet another. In addition, to the problems with the simulations clear evidence has been provided that suggest perturbations in climate have occurred naturally, independent of man's devices. This suggests that nature has a coping mechanism to deal with high concentrations of CO(x) gases and hydrocarbons, which are known to be greenhouse gases that exist naturally. Finally, there is ample reason for scientists to overstate the problem, as this issue has been politicized and many scientific grants are issued to investigate the matter. For every scientist that claims global warming exists, another scientist can be produced who states global warming is a farce. Perhaps, people should wait until all the facts are in and the scientific community has reached a consensus before they pledge allegiance to one view or the other. That is especially if they do not understand the issue and have failed to investigate the literature for themselves.  In conclusion, there are many others theories that offer a reason for a rise in global temperature. One such theory cites a correlation between the solar cycle and the fluctuations in surface temperature. This is surely a reasonable suggestion considering that most of the earth's heat energy comes from the sun. Another theory claims that the earth's core is a nuclear reactor and that there exists a relationship between the shifting of the magnetic polarity of the earth and previous climate changes. Whatever the answer, we should refuse to let science become the dogma that subjugates the masses like the religion of the Dark Ages. Every legitimate claim should have evidence to support its claim, but if further investigation rules that theory improbable that theory should be abandoned and replaced with a better explanation.
If global warming is a real problem, then why is the average temperature the past few years been cooler than the overall average?
Hmm...seemed really cold this year...
Termites produce two times the carbon dioxide that humans do... let's have a war with termites to get rid of some carbon dioxide. :) lol
I'd love to stop that, but I don't have any friends in the governments down there.
I don't think that would work... we're supplying aid down there right now. Maybe we should threaten to cut some of that.
That assumes that humans are causing it. The temperature of Earth, I don't think, could be described in any way as stable. How many Ice Ages have we had?  We might be contributing, but is human activity the main reason?
Global warming sure is a threat. Some of the Polar Ice Caps already melted. Average temperatures have rised since 50+ years ago at a constant rate. We better stop polluting now, or we will be in big trouble.  The Polar Icecaps have been melting for the past 14,000 years according to experts. Many in the scientific community believe that it would be another 100-1000 years before the melting of Polar Ice becomes a factor in the rise of sea level. What they believe is more important is the thermal expansion of the world's water that comes with the increase in the oceans' mean temperature. Some predict that the rise in sea level could be 3' by 2100, so don't invest long-term in any beach-front property that isn't on tall stilts and you'll be OK.  emoticon_xgood
I'd worry more about another ice age than a melting of the current ice box. We're going to cause clouds of pollutants to screen out the sun's warming rays, allowing the earth's temperature to plummet. Glaciers will form all the way down to the Florida panhandle. When we begin to recover and develop new cities, we will be blessed in that there will be no more mosquitoes.  Would these be the same clouds that block out UV rays or do we still have to worry about ozone depletion, too? emoticon_confused  Sorry, I let my subscription to the Journal of Chicken Little expire a while back. emoticon_xkill emoticon_xchicken
Here's a link that should be checked out.  http://www.reveal.ca/friendsofscience/ Bad name I know, but GOOD site.  Also try  www.cspg.org and www.aapg.org  Waxy  Waxy, For some reason, Netscape didn't like your links, but IE did. Very interesting read. Thanks. emoticon_xgood   JP
In 50 years the temperature has changed like .01-2 degrees average worldwide....let's leave this issue alone shall we? It's pointless.....
Well guys, I'm in Texas. I guess I'll be scorched to a pile of dust before long. It was good chatting with you all. emoticon_cry
I read a few things that said that global warming is a pattern. Another thing, the air was worse in the time of Rome than it is now...
The earth's climate has never been constant. Why should we believe it would become constant? Whats wrong with warmer temps anyway? Everyones tan will be a bit darker emoticon_cool
Hmm...seemed really cold this year... Of corse it was cold this year every year is different Globle warming is a yuppie fraud study. I do not beleve in Globle warming. If there was globle warming we would not have snow like we did 2 and 3 years ago. Every thing has been normal that I can tell. Gee I wonder how much money was wasted on this foolish study and brain washing.
Ya, were all gonna die from heat strokes and stuff like that......or drown. emoticon_xgood   But it's all because the earth is slowing down, which allows the sun to heat the earth up more.  What are you talking about? The day is still the same length along with the year so it is not that. Have any of you ever heard of the milankovitch cycle? It is the cycle of precession, eccentricity and axial tilt. It causes the tempurature fluctuate so it is at one extreme every 100,000 years. So, we could be moving to a warmer trend.then go back. Another thing about pollution... it was worse in roman times than it is now. We have so many regulations that it keeps the air relativly clean. Here's a site for milankovitch cycle. http://www.homepage.montana.edu/~geol445/hyperglac/time1/milankov.htm
I highly doubt your claim about Romans producing more "pollution" than the billions of contemporary humans. I'd bet they didn't even produce what say Haitians alone are able to do today. The Romans never even dented the ocean's ecosystem. They certainly killed a lot of critters though.  The air was a lot dirtier and everything was really bad. Look at these sites www.hero.ac.uk/uk/research/archives/ 2002/farming_for_the_empire3238.cfm www.nsc.org/ehc/minute/em000311.htm
Oh yes...because mainstream science is concocting one big hoax just to brainwash you. It's a conspiracy of rabid scientists. emoticon_rolleyes We all know you know much more that scientific peer reviewed journals and the Scientific Method, right? You're scientific credentials?  I caught a segment of a show yesterday that dealt with misconceptions relating to global warming. The guest, a top scientist, said that the earth was indeed warming up..at a rate of ~0.4degrees/century. That equated to a rise in sea level of 4" over the last 100 years.....and it's cyclical. The problem is that once the true facts are made known, environmental groups that require the Chicken Little mentality for continued funding, will find that people will stop funding them. In other words, if it isn't a "crisis", who cares?
In the 70's weren't people afraid that evryone would freeze to death in an ice age?  Now everyone will fry to death when the Earth changes back into a ball of magma.  How are today's doomsday predictions more accurate than those of yesteryear?
well, global warming can also cause cooling. IT depends. It also causes heating, which can cause melting, which causes more heating, which can eventualy cause cooling.  There's a problem in the arctic ocean right now having to do with human pollution increasing flow of fresh water into the ocean.  Ice Ages are cyclical. And as I pointed out above, sea level has risen 4" over the last century. One Tsunami does way more damage than natural global warming could ever do. emoticon_rolleyes
I think it's fair to say that global warming in our time is a very mild nuisance compared to the earth shattering (no pun intended) events of the distant past. Of course perspective is something completely lost on those arrogant, self important environmentalists who insist on altering almost all aspects of our life to save the planet from ourselves (as if the planet needs saving. As George Carlin so elequently points out, the planet is fine. The people are ******!).
No kidding. I'll go by the scientific report, however, which states it is a problem.  From your "experts"  The rise in fresh water entering the Arctic Ocean could change the global distribution of water, the team says. ..... It could also affect the balance of the climate system itself and even possibly alter the behaviour of the Gulf Stream. Part of the process is likely to mean more precipitation (hail, rain, sleet and snow) at higher latitudes, and so more water flowing down the rivers. ...... If the global water distribution changes, this could have important social and economic consequences. An altered hydrological cycle might conceivably have a profound cooling effect on north-west Europe as well.  The American Geophysical Union, publisher of the journal, says: "It could also alter the balance of the climate system itself, such as the Atlantic thermohaline circulation, a kind of conveyor belt. ... "It is possible the increase in fresh water entering the Arctic Ocean could contribute to an alteration in the thermohaline circulation, because it is diluting the saltiness of the seawater and reducing its density."   Nothing like quoting experts willing to stick their scientific necks out, huh? emoticon_rolleyes   Or in your second quote: "But it now appears the warming from greenhouse gases has been offset by a strong cooling effect from dimming - in effect two of our pollutants have been cancelling each other out. This means that the climate may in fact be more sensitive to the greenhouse effect than previously thought."  Huh? emoticon_confused emoticon_confused emoticon_confused emoticon_confused
Yes. it's called global dimming, and yes, I trust mainstream scientific organizations.  If you knew anything about science, scientists usuallyspeak in terms of COULDS, possibliites, and likely, because science isn't 100% and scientific facts aren't absolute. THey are largely evidence-supported conjectures. You can't prove anything 100%. They are giving reasonable estimates. That's how climatology works.  Look, I know plenty about science. I'm a scientist by profession and have been for almost 30 years. We talk in terms like "could possibly" and "may" when we're not certain that the phenomenon that we're observing can be causally-linked to another event, condition or factor. When a scientist has a definitive correlation, he uses terms like "does" or "factor X causes phenomenon Y", not "X might conceivably cause Y". When a scientist uses couch phrases like "might" or "could", it means that he doesn't know and it's his hypothesis, not fact. In the real world, I prefer to deal in facts, not SWAGs (scientific wildassed guesses). emoticon_rolleyes
1. Not all scientists have the same credentials 2. Not all scientists are proper authorities in all fields 3. ANyone can say he's a scientist online. Need proof before consideration.  Yes. We all know a hypothesis isn't necessarily a fact.  But above you quote global warming and dimming hypotheses as if they were fact. emoticon_rolleyes   What scientist are you? Where did you graduate? What year, what class? Apparently you aren't a meteorologist or climatologist.  My degree's in chemistry. RU 78
I think global warming is a real threat because yeah the ice caps are melting, animals there will probably sink in that cold water...its getting really hot..everywhere..there are more floods...december is getting hot..and the biggest thing...once i read in a newspaper that well mt.everest was melting and chinese scientist or...said that it got lower by 2 inches and so if these mountains are melting then probably the world will come to an end....water everywhere.emoticon_xdonno  This.  Plus Al Gore said so.
This.  Plus Al Gore said so.  If Al said so then it must be gospel. He'd never lie to us. Except about starting the Internet, campaign contributions by Budhists, etc., etc., emoticon_rolleyes
If Al said so then it must be gospel. He'd never lie to us. Except about starting the Internet, campaign contributions by Budhists, etc., etc., emoticon_rolleyes  Sarcasm dude. Sarcasm.
Sarcasm dude. Sarcasm.  I recognized it. I was just adding support for you, bro. emoticon_xgood
That was jsut plain silly. A single car will produce more emmisiosn then all the termites in your state.  Rember c02 is one part of the equation. CO2 is only a part. Don't forget the methane that termites produce.   Title:  The influence of termites on atmospheric trace gases: CH4, CO2, CHCl3, N2O, CO, H2, and light hydrocarbons  Authors:  Khalil, M. A. K.; Rasmussen, R. A.; French, J. R. J.; Holt, J. A.  Publication:  Journal of Geophysical Research, Volume 95, Issue D4, p. 3619-3634 (JGR Homepage)  Publication Date:  00/1990  Origin:  AGU  AGU Keywords:  Atmospheric Composition and Structure: Middle atmosphere-composition and chemistry  Abstract Copyright:  (c) 1990: American Geophysical Union  Bibliographic Code:  1990JGR....95.3619K   Abstract Based on field studies of mounds of Australian termites we estimate that on a global scale termites emit about 121012 g/yr of methane (<20 tg/yr) and about 41015 g CO2/yr (<8 pg/yr). Most of the detailed results are based on studies of the species Coptotermes lacteus. We found that in mid-latitudes the emissions vary seasonally. As much methane is emitted in the summers as in all other seasons combined. The soils a few meters from the mounds consumed methane at an average rate of 40 &#956;g/m2/h. We found no evidence of net emissions of CO and found that H2 is consistently consumed by the mounds and the soils near the mounds. All six species studied produced chloroform. The concentrations of chloroform inside the mounds of C. lacteus were a thousand times greater than ambient levels, but our calculations show that termites are not likely to be a significant global source of chloroform. Finally, we used the results of our study, and others before us, to construct a view of the role of termites in the global carbon cycle.  http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1990JGR....95.3619K 
At the same time those most furious defenders of environment aren't able even control ejection of greenhouse gases. So participation in Kioto Protocol is practically impossible for them. But no, those dissemblers continue yelling about campaign of "environment protection". They consider world's community is a crowd of tom-noddies and try hard to pull the wool over our eyes asserting that global warming is a result of noxious emissions of hydrocarbon. At the time scientists have proved that this is total nonsense. Global warming isn't connected with hydrocarbon at all. The main cause of this catastrophic phenomenon is Earth orbit change, solar activity and volcanic outbursts. Greenhouse gases are on the forth place. And it seems to me that entire fuss around using hydrocarbon fuel is mere black envy at oil and gas source nations like Iran or Russia and attempt of doing ill turn to them and their consumers. At the same time we'll gat Yankees as the general force dictating us what fuel we should use and ecological norms we should keep to. Can you imagine that? Americans just seek to keep a close eye on all of us! Ugh!..
Is global warming a real threat or is it just a hoax?  It seems that the high priest of Global Warming is so unconcerned about its reality that In the past year, Gore's home burned through 213,210 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, enough to power 232 average American households for a month.   http://news.newsmax.com/?SKIDYNyQ-GWMVYg3tvPV.3R1nxyzxJR1S&http://www.newsmax.com/insidecover/gore_home_energy/2008/06/17/105394.html?s=al&promo_code=6539-1
use the scienctific method on pusedo-science. Disprove something until you can no longer disprove it... then what is left is what you can prove. I move to disprove they will remain to be as ardent a supporter while defunded. The minute that dries up it will be amazing to witness how much global warming and it's new variant "climate change" [whoa... that's original] will suddenly be a non issue.      -That Darn Republican
use the scienctific method on pusedo-science. Disprove something until you can no longer disprove it... then what is left is what you can prove. I move to disprove they will remain to be as ardent a supporter while defunded. The minute that dries up it will be amazing to witness how much global warming and it's new variant "climate change" [whoa... that's original] will suddenly be a non issue. -That Darn Republican  Excellent observation!   (and, for the record... I actually agree that man's impact upon the planet has had some affect on global temperatures.... I just don't agree that we have a crisis to deal with as a consequence)
Excellent observation!   (and, for the record... I actually agree that man's impact upon the planet has had some affect on global temperatures.... I just don't agree that we have a crisis to deal with as a consequence)  I agree as well. Urban Hot Islands are not a big deal. Of course they will be warmer (more energy, lighting, etc) but that does not mean the Earth will suffer catastrophic climate change..emoticon_rolleyes only in movies.
I agree as well. Urban Hot Islands are not a big deal. Of course they will be warmer (more energy, lighting, etc) but that does not mean the Earth will suffer catastrophic climate change..emoticon_rolleyes only in movies.  Here here!  emoticon_xhoho
The climate of the earth has been changing for years. I do not think that cavemen build CO2 emitting factories to stop the ice age. In the 1970s people were freaking out about an ice age, but 40 years later we are screaming that the world will get too hot. Now that unusual cold temperatures have been occurring in the United States this year, Global Warming has been changed to Global Climate Change. Please. What do they expect? That the temperature of the earth will always be the same each year? The increases in temperature over the past years have been minute.   Human pollution is bad, and of course we should try to stop it, but this Global Warming issue is simply propaganda and Al Gore will continue to fly his private jet around the USA to preach about doom and gloom.  Oceanic vents and volcanoes release CO2 constantly, more than factories ever will. Living animals breathe CO2. Humans breathe CO2. I guess we should all stop breathing to stop the world from ending. Thats ironic though, isn't it?
Extract from the Daily Telegraph UK 11th July.  The runaway warming predicted by their computer models simply isn't happening. Last week one of the four official sources of temperature measurement, compiled from satellite data by the University of Huntsville, Alabama, showed that temperatures have now fallen to their average level since satellite data began 30 years ago.    Faced with a "consensus" view which looks increasingly implausible, a fast-growing body of reputable scientists from many countries has been coming up with a ''counter-consensus'', which holds that their fellow scientists have been looking in wholly the wrong direction to explain what is happening to the world's climate. The two factors which most plausibly explain what temperatures are actually doing are fluctuations in the radiation of the sun and the related shifting of ocean currents.   Two episodes highlight the establishment's alarm at the growing influence of this ''counter consensus''. In March, the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), which has a key role in President Obama's plans to curb CO2 emissions, asked one of its senior policy analysts, Alan Carlin, to report on the science used to justify its policy. His 90-page paper recommended that the EPA carry out an independent review of the science, because the CO2 theory was looking indefensible, while the "counter consensus'' view - solar radiation and ocean currents - seemed to fit the data much better. Provoking a considerable stir, Carlin's report was stopped dead, on the grounds that it was too late to raise objections to what was now the EPA's official policy.   Meanwhile a remarkable drama has been unfolding in Australia, where the new Labor government has belatedly joined the "consensus'' bandwagon by introducing a bill for an emissions-curbing "cap and trade'' scheme, which would devastate Australia's economy, it being 80 per cent dependent on coal. The bill still has to pass the Senate, which is so precisely divided that the decisive vote next month may be cast by an independent Senator, Stephen Fielding. So crucial is his vote that the climate change minister, Penny Wong, agreed to see him with his four advisers, all leading Australian scientists.   Fielding put to the minister three questions. How, since temperatures have been dropping, can CO2 be blamed for them rising? What, if CO2 was the cause of recent warming, was the cause of temperatures rising higher in the past? Why, since the official computer models have been proved wrong, should we rely on them for future projections?   The written answers produced by the minister's own scientific advisers proved so woolly and full of elementary errors that Fielding's team have now published a 50-page, fully-referenced "Due Diligence'' paper tearing them apart. In light of the inadequacy of the Government's reply, the Senator has announced that he will be voting against the bill.   The wider significance of this episode is that it is the first time a Western government has allowed itself to be drawn into debating the science behind the global warming scare with expert scientists representing the "counter consensus" - and the "consensus" lost hands down.
So what he has written is nothing more than a fabrication?
The Climate Change Climate Change :: Senator Steve Fielding  Doesn't look like it is a fabrication.
It seems that there is a large variation in Global Warming hypotheses and ideas. Some people believe that global warming is a severe threat, and that we should take immediate action, or it will result in environmental destruction in the near future. (Being 100 years from now.) Some persons, however, believe that global warming is a hoax projected by the democratic government. There are many ideas, yet I would like to state mine very boldly. Global Warming is not a problem. In fact, it is a hoax, a fake. I will give you basic statistics on global warming. There are cycles of warming that occur during the periods of time, as well as periods of cooling. For example, the ice age. Yet, the democratic government uses global warming as a scare to the public, just as well as they use everything as a a scare to the public. And this is not just for the democratic side, but sometimes even the republican side scares the public just for money. Money, money, money. The government does things, creates unreal issues just so you give them money. Yet, that money is distributed to "global warming?" No, it isn't because you can't spend money to cure "global warming." It is not a financial issue or a public issue, it is a astronomical issue. But it is all a lie. First of all they state that it is a problem, and that it will get very bad, enough to destroy our earth. Then, they want to spend money on it, but they can't. And then they continue their lies on the subject, instead of just revealing the scam. However, what happens next? The media picks up on the idea. And, damn, do they love harping on something that they can scare the public with. They scare and make the people anxious so that they keep watching to see what happens next. Global warming has pulled billions of dollars from civilians and has been spent on useless factors. It is a scam. Period.
The Climate Change Climate Change :: Senator Steve Fielding  Doesn't look like it is a fabrication.  This link is worth repeating for its relevance, especially now in light of the Cap and Trade Legislation. The Climate Change Climate Change News Clippings June 26 2009  Wall Street Journal By Kimberley Strassell June 26, 2009  Steve Fielding recently asked the Obama administration to reassure him on the science of man-made global warming. When the administration proved unhelpful, Mr. Fielding decided to vote against climate-change legislation.  If you haven't heard of this politician, it's because he's a member of the Australian Senate. As the U.S. House of Representatives prepares to pass a climate-change bill, the Australian Parliament is preparing to kill its own country's carbon-emissions scheme. Why? A growing number of Australian politicians, scientists and citizens once again doubt the science of human-caused global warming.  Among the many reasons President Barack Obama and the Democratic majority are so intent on quickly jamming a cap-and-trade system through Congress is because the global warming tide is again shifting. It turns out Al Gore and the United Nations (with an assist from the media), did a little too vociferous a job smearing anyone who disagreed with them as "deniers." The backlash has brought the scientific debate roaring back to life in Australia, Europe, Japan and even, if less reported, the U.S.  In April, the Polish Academy of Sciences published a document challenging man-made global warming. In the Czech Republic, where President Vaclav Klaus remains a leading skeptic, today only 11% of the population believes humans play a role. In France, President Nicolas Sarkozy wants to tap Claude Allegre to lead the country's new ministry of industry and innovation. Twenty years ago Mr. Allegre was among the first to trill about man-made global warming, but the geochemist has since recanted. New Zealand last year elected a new government, which immediately suspended the country's weeks-old cap-and-trade program.  The number of skeptics, far from shrinking, is swelling. Oklahoma Sen. Jim Inhofe now counts more than 700 scientists who disagree with the U.N.-13 times the number who authored the U.N.'s 2007 climate summary for policymakers. Joanne Simpson, the world's first woman to receive a Ph.D. in meteorology, expressed relief upon her retirement last year that she was finally free to speak "frankly" of her nonbelief. Dr. Kiminori Itoh, a Japanese environmental physical chemist who contributed to a U.N. climate report, dubs man-made warming "the worst scientific scandal in history." Norway's Ivar Giaever, Nobel Prize winner for physics, decries it as the "new religion." A group of 54 noted physicists, led by Princeton's Will Happer, is demanding the American Physical Society revise its position that the science is settled. (Both Nature and Science magazines have refused to run the physicists' open letter.)  The collapse of the "consensus" has been driven by reality. The inconvenient truth is that the earth's temperatures have flat-lined since 2001, despite growing concentrations of C02. Peer-reviewed research has debunked doomsday scenarios about the polar ice caps, hurricanes, malaria, extinctions, rising oceans. A global financial crisis has politicians taking a harder look at the science that would require them to hamstring their economies to rein in carbon.  Credit for Australia's own era of renewed enlightenment goes to Dr. Ian Plimer, a well-known Australian geologist. Earlier this year he published "Heaven and Earth," a damning critique of the "evidence" underpinning man-made global warming. The book is already in its fifth printing. So compelling is it that Paul Sheehan, a noted Australian columnist-and ardent global warming believer-in April humbly pronounced it "an evidence-based attack on conformity and orthodoxy, including my own, and a reminder to respect informed dissent and beware of ideology subverting evidence." Australian polls have shown a sharp uptick in public skepticism; the press is back to questioning scientific dogma; blogs are having a field day.  The rise in skepticism also came as Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, elected like Mr. Obama on promises to combat global warming, was attempting his own emissions-reduction scheme. His administration was forced to delay the implementation of the program until at least 2011, just to get the legislation through Australia's House. The Senate was not so easily swayed.  Mr. Fielding, a crucial vote on the bill, was so alarmed by the renewed science debate that he made a fact-finding trip to the U.S., attending the Heartland Institute's annual conference for climate skeptics. He also visited with Joseph Aldy, Mr. Obama's special assistant on energy and the environment, where he challenged the Obama team to address his doubts. They apparently didn't.  This week Mr. Fielding issued a statement: He would not be voting for the bill. He would not risk job losses on "unconvincing green science." The bill is set to founder as the Australian parliament breaks for the winter.  Republicans in the U.S. have, in recent years, turned ever more to the cost arguments against climate legislation. That's made sense in light of the economic crisis. If Speaker Nancy Pelosi fails to push through her bill, it will be because rural and Blue Dog Democrats fret about the economic ramifications. Yet if the rest of the world is any indication, now might be the time for U.S. politicians to re-engage on the science. One thing for sure: They won't be alone.
If there is genuine doubt about the science of climate change, where are the peer reviewed journal articles to back it up?  Global warming is the new religion. Maybe a climatologist who disputes global warming would be like a bishop that disputes the existence of God...someone with little or no future job prospects.
The religious right frame climate change in religious terms in order to dismiss it as untrue, because they already possess "The One and Only Truth".(tm) emoticon_rolleyes  So you think that anyone who calls global warming the new religion is a right wing Christianemoticon_xclown or Jew or Muslim or Sikh or Sufi zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Where did I mention christianemoticon_xclown ? I described a tactic and ascribed it to a group who use it to resist the acceptance of a well established reality. I admit your appelation of the emoticon_xclown appears most apposite in this context.   A well established reality? I repeatemoticon_xclown
Did that answer his question?  Not really, did I have to? Did he not include Christians? Does it make any difference to the argument as global warming being the new religion? He certainly didn't address the point that I was making? What are you, his mother?  Not to worry , just put it right.
Hardly, a climatologist with proof that there is a different cause for warming and that human CO2 emissions are not and will not cause warming is likely to win a Nobel prize for physics. Good scientists are just as happy when a theory is disproved as when evidence supports it.  Once again, do you have peer reviewed evidence so support you assertions. You can't claim the consensus has broken down and then not be able to find journal articles supporting an alternative interpretation of the evidence. If the articles aren't there then the consensus still exists, and all we're left with is hot air from the denial industry.  I'm sorry the first paragraph is just wrong. Global warming suits todays Politicians as much as 'reds under the beds' did in the mid to late 20th century. As stated any scientist that does anything but agree with global warming becomes marginalised.  There does not seem to be much if any resources going into the research of alternative reasons for climate change so many of the so called deniers have just put forward other interpretations of the available data or pointed out where computers models have been incorrect. Global warming MAY be caused by human activity but it is by no means proven.
Science, anyone?   You start!
True story:  "Yes", said the captain of the Titanic. "we came in close contact with an iceberg, and she may be sinking, but it is by no means proven. Let's wait and see while the band plays on" :)   More like" Iceberg! Dont worry about those. Just make sure we don't hit the Carpathia"!
 Global warming suits todays Politicians as much as 'reds under the beds' did in the mid to late 20th century. As stated any scientist that does anything but agree with global warming becomes marginalised.   There does not seem to be much if any resources going into the research of alternative reasons for climate change so many of the so called deniers have just put forward other interpretations of the available data or pointed out where computers models have been incorrect.  Global warming MAY be caused by human activity but it is by no means proven.  That's awesome. And I would like to add (in as much as I personally accept that man likely HAS contributed to climate changes) There seems to be a lack of evidence that we (man) are solely (for lack of a better word) to blame,.... or that there will be catastrophic consequences for the climate changes we've caused (by whatever percent can be attributed to us).  The "hoax" portion of Global Warming / Climate Change is far more dangerous than what has been realised in the climate itself.
Revealed: the secret evidence of global warming Bush tried to hide | Environment | The Observer  Havent China, Russia and Europe got satellites capable of taking photographs of the polar ice caps? If not they could just send a plane! How could Bush keep it a secret?
Havent China, Russia and Europe got satellites capable of taking photographs of the polar ice caps? If not they could just send a plane! How could Bush keep it a secret?  Please stop injecting common sense and logical responses to an otherwise hysterical exchange of emotive hand wringing.  emoticon_xhoho
Global warming brings seious and tremendous effects to our environment. We should give a hand in helping save the environment from the effects of GW  Could we be wrong about global warming? - Science Fair - USATODAY.com
I'm sorry, I didn't read every word of all of these responses, but I did not see anyone mention the possible motivation of the powers ("scientists" and other governments). If scientists are supposed to look at ALL factors in order to prove or disprove a hypothesis, doesn't it logically follow that if they DON'T, then there must be an agenda that they are pushing. I've heard of at least one study that indicated "scientists" refused to explore data on the sun...seems to me that makes their credibility as "scientists" somewhat questionable, wouldn't you agree? In addition, we're no longer living in the 1950's folks...am I wrong or are we not the cleanest country on the planet. We have all sorts of regulations and standards for car and factory emissions. Yet, I always hear that the U.S. is to blame, yet countries like Russia, China, India, Brazil, etc do not have the same high standards as the U.S. When those countries, and the people that blame the U.S. first, stop their attacks on us and concentrate on the REAL culprits (I don't believe there ARE any by the way), THEN maybe I would listen. These other countries and "scientists" would love nothing more than to see the standard of living in the U.S. plummet to developing nation status so that, yet again, everything is equal. Considering the fact that nature (such as volcanoes, spewing out more pollutants in one eruption than man has since the industrial revolution) plays a much bigger role than we EVER could, I just don't see how the global warming alarmists are given any credibility whatsoever. Even if man DID contribute, are you actually telling me that the .0000(whatever)% we might contribute is JUST enough to send this planet on the path to destruction? My God, the arrogance of some people.
The evidence is rught in front of you, on your television screen.  Which is why I tossed the TV. American TV sucks!  Yeah, Chinese and Russian TV are so much more credible. emoticon_rolleyes
Doesn't Rupert Murdoch (Faux.News) own most of Chinese TV?  And, I wouldn't be too surprised to learn that he owns a certain amount of Russian TV.  I think you should stick to your favorite medium, boiling cauldrons. :p
This is an article I did on my upcoming website.  The Words of Environmentalists, Fact or Fiction? By: Ness  Key: What they say  The truth   1. The planet is hotter than it's ever been before because we continue to pump CO2 into the air.   Even though our planet is getting warmer, it is still a lot cooler than it was 4000 years ago.   2. If all the trees are destroyed, then we will all suffocate due to lack of oxygen.   Most of our oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and even them oxygen makes up 21% of the earth's atmosphere so we won't be running out anytime soon.   3. The rainforests are the "Lungs of the earth" if they are destroyed, well will all suffocate!   Like I said in #2, most of the earth's oxygen comes from the plants in the ocean and we still have al the other forest.   4. Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet.   Like I said, if that were true it would have happened 4000 years ago when our planet was a whole lot hotter.   5. Scientists say that global warming will increase the severity of the weather worldwide.   There are many scientists that say this is true, but there are many more that say that it isn't   6. Global warming is a problem for everyone and will make us all hot and miserable!   Did you know that in Siberia they are HAPPY that it's getting warmer up there?   7. The C02 levels in the atmosphere are alarmingly high!    Do you know much of our atmosphere is made of C02? 0.035%!
Finally someone with enoguh guts to counter my response. It's good to have you back.  Our pumping of CO2 is certaintly not helping. Does that mean we should pump gasses and make people in big cities sneeze?  That's true and I guess I forgot to mention that. I'm not saying that we should keep pumping c02 into the air, but the effects aren't as bad as enviromentalist say they are.     Trees do more than just that. If you chop them down you change the climate, you destroy the homes of millions of animals, and you destroy nature's beauty. Obviously conservatives value 'extra' money more than the home of animals and nature's beauty.  Trees are beutiful and home to several animals, but I don't know about that climate thing.   That makes a large difference you would be suprised. If it wasn't for that, we would be a lot cooler. We always had CO2, if it wasn't for that the Earth would probably be too cold for us in most places. We probably would have never existed if there were '0%' CO2. Increasing numbers in CO2 is certaintly dangerous.  I'm aware of that, but the enviormentalist make it sound like we are being "overwhelmed" by CO2.
It also seems the ozone is on the mend. From what I've heard the big hole in it will be fully recovered within 20 years now and is already much better than it had been.
[QUOTE=Hiberpirates] Even though our planet is getting warmer, it is still a lot cooler than it was 4000 years ago.   I do not know whether the above statement is true or false, but for arguements sake, lets say it is true.  OK, the planet is not as hot as 4000 years ago. Is that a good thing?  Maybe, but the planet is heating up. And it will not just reach the heat of 4000 years ago and stop. 4000 years ago there wasn't as much toxic gases being released and other forms of pollution. I'm afraid the planet will continue heating and heating. Are we going to sit back and watch our planet's temp rise and rise? Does it have to reach a temp higher than that of 4000 years ago before we acknowledge the problem?  There are those people out there who are very educated and believe that it is rediculous that greenhouse gases are causing the increase in tempurature right now. It can be shown that the world was cooler 4000 years ago and that in itself indicates that there is some sort of cycle the Earth's tempurature goes through over time. So there is evidence that the increase in temp is based on a natural cycle and not greenhouse gases. I don't particularly know if it is true or not but it is something to consider.
I suggest watching a show on show time called Penn and Teller bull ****. They did a sow on environmental movements and blow a way every thing people say we are doing to the environment.
If all the trees are destroyed, then we will all suffocate due to lack of oxygen.   While not true, trees are vitally important. Trees are a major way of lowering pollution. Trees are able to take in polluted air, and clean it substantially. Without trees, the overall air quality would be significently lower.   4. Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet.  Quite possible. Several large glaciers have broken free in the past two decades. Some several hundred miles across. Not to mention the overal size of the icecaps has decreased in the past 100 years.   6. Global warming is a problem for everyone and will make us all hot and miserable!   Did you know that in Siberia they are HAPPY that it's getting warmer up there?  Um, global warming will cause areas in the world to become colder. NOAA has pin pointed the logitude and latitudes of these regions, NY being one of them, and low and behold, NY had one of the coldest winters in the past 5 years. Hot and miserable will be the LEAST of our worries.
Both of your links = Nothing about comparsion of cars to volcanos.   Unlike many people on boards, I actually read the links.   Unlike your sources, which you apparently didn't read, I actually have something that is irrevelant.  Myth: Volcanoes and the Oceans are Causing Ozone Depletion http://www.epa.gov/ozone/science/volcano.html
I'd be happy to play the game -  did you know that 4000 years ago the oceans were over 100 feet higher than they are now? Places like Lake champlain were an inland sea, and all of florida was submerged(it's a really big, old coral reef)?  Source?  what other forest? By your logic there would only be one left in the entire world, and it would be what, the size on central park?   Source? Forest acreage?  Acutally global warming causes it to be hotter in the summer and colder in the winter, which is bad for any living thing.   Source?  Did you know prior to humans it was at .018%?  This one is particularly eggregious. Source?  Waxy
Why do some of you guys insist on being rabid haters of anyone who cares about the enviroment. The question isn't why do these people care about the enviroment, it's WHY DON'T YOU??  oh because for the past decade or so they have been indoctrinated into hating alleged liberal activities (let's ignore the fact that without liberalism there would be no USA!)  Extreme enviromentalism is nuts. Extreme industry is nuts. To be sane and happy, there must be a middle ground.
Why do some of you guys insist on being rabid haters of anyone who cares about the enviroment. The question isn't why do these people care about the enviroment, it's WHY DON'T YOU??  Not sure who this was aimed at or even what it's based on, but like Duo Maxwell, I don't have a problem with those that are pro-environment, I consider myself pro-environment.  What I do have a problem with is misinformation and extremism. There's too much of both coming out of the "pro-environment" camp these days IMHO.  Waxy
 4. Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet. COLOR]  lol... while I agree with most of your stuff, and find environmentalists to be silly for the most part...   ... the planet WAS flooded!
Do your own research. I am not interested in playing a game.  I'm not surprised.  That's a typical response when someone calls your bluff.  Waxy
The "Hole" in the Ozone layer was found in 1956 before CFC was being widely used......
Wow,,,very interesting. Cant wait to see the replies to this.  Noticably there hasn't been one for 2 and a half hours......
It is interesting however to be expected. Of course no one here said that CFC's were the only cause of ozone depletion as you seem to think. What was brought up here was the direct link between strong ozone depletion and CFC's. So sure there will be ozone depletion without the use of CFC's but as shown in this thread so far, CFC's are a major offender in the battle to save the ozone. The CFC comparison also shows that man is the primary cause of ozone depletion.   They said CFC was the main culprit. So I went after CFC. If you want to come up with another "reason" then I'm waiting......
In what way did you go after CFC's as far as it being a main culprit? You said nothing to show that CFC's are not a main if not the main culprit of ozone depletion. All you showed is that they are not the only culprit.   Well, where there's a "Hole" in the ozone layer would naturally state that there would be depletion of ozone there right? Following?   But, the main culprit for ozone depletion is CFC. But, the "hole" in the ozone layer was discovered years before CFC was largely used.   So it naturally follows that CFC did not create the hole in the ozone layer. Meaning come up with another culprit......    I'm bored.....I don't like science anyway, why am I part of this debate?
The fire extinguishers did it! I knew it! They called me crazy, but I was right! HAHAHAHA!!!!!    ::Runs off into the distance::   ::Comes back::   Sorry, had to get some of that sarcasm out of my system.
No scientist either, but as far as I know, volcanic eruptions produce gases that affect the ozone, among other things. I've even heard that one volcanic eruption produces more "harmful" gases than the entire human race has since the industrial revolution. HMMMMMMMMMMM, maybe you Liberals need to outlaw volcanic eruptions!
Sarcastic indeed. I guess you had no where else to go with your debate anyways.  Nah, I'm effectivly out of this debate. I don't know much about science.    No scientist either, but as far as I know, volcanic eruptions produce gases that affect the ozone, among other things. I've even heard that one volcanic eruption produces more "harmful" gases than the entire human race has since the industrial revolution. HMMMMMMMMMMM, maybe you Liberals need to outlaw volcanic eruptions!  Now there's a thought.....
That's the qualifier right there. Provide some evidence and then we can talk about natural vs. unnatural  C'mon, let's face it, we ALL "hear" things. Unless you have conducted the research yourself, you get information from sources that could very well have an agenda. Do you really think that scientists of today are REALLY that objective? There was a book written by a woman, I think she used to be a Senator or Governor from Washington, I can't recall the name of the book, it was at least 10 years ago. There could very well be information since then that says otherwise, but again, is it from the "hate America crowd"? I think way too many Liberals jump to conclusions to point the finger of blame at the U.S., so yes, I'm very skeptical of "evidence" that depletion of the ozone layer is man (U.S.) made.
@syklopps  well than there is no debate, you make the sweeping claim that any information provided is invalid other than research directly conducted by myself.  I, on the other hand, prefer to trust those who I know to do impartial and objective research. But if you are convinced they have an agenda I doubt I will be able to change your opinion to the contrary.    I am very skeptcial of "evidence" that depletion of the ozone layer is NOT man made. (Note: I could care less about the passive-agressive everyone hates americans argument)  Do you at least concede that one of the mechanisms for the destruction of ozone is related to electrons "raining" down on the earth from the magnetosphere? The earth's natural flux lines cause electrons to travel back and forth between poles and when they interact with nitrogen and oxygen create nitrogen oxides which destroy O3. Since the magnetosphere is influenced by sun spot activity, there will be natural fluctuations in O3 levels as a result of these solar occurances. Unfortunately, many researchers focus only on one aspect of possible O3 destruction and attempt to ascribe a singular causal relationship when many exist in reality.
Whether it is man made or natural or both factors work together; I think it is the beginning of serious changes in the atmosphere.  Yeah. It's snowing sooner here in the Midwest. I think the next Ice Age is coming.
Lets gt the first thign clear, ozone depletion is not or man threat.  Ozone depletion is both natural and man made. The Poolar Vortex causes a natural depletion. However ozone in that region with out human interaction is still more dense then in regiosn with human interaction.  Yes human interaction has thinned it, it however can replace itself (to a limit). Human production in the past actually was much more damaging then the natural accurance.  The thinning of the ozone that blocks UV light can be less of a threat to the thicking of the atmosphere. UV lights comes in unaffected, however heat does not escape as easily.  Politicians don't care people, get used to that. They hire scientist to spread lies to avoid truth, that has been documented. GLad our tax dollars pay for that. The offiials care about now and their pay checks, not what may happen to society with rising temps, increased drought, facing famine, and what the next few generatiosn will ahve to deal with.  Simple. Put more into space exploration and make an outpost of mars. Get those who are not concerned of the planet.  What is "the truth"? That UN's IPCC is actually a socialist organization more concerned with wealth redistribution than actually reducing CO2 emissions? Or that Al Gore is a bafoon to everyone with a mind to think for themselves and the darling of the unconscious? emoticon_rolleyes
Emission cuts 'vital' for oceans   "Marine species are under threat from rising levels of acidity in the oceans, says the UK's Royal Society.   Unless carbon dioxide emissions are cut, there could be irreversible damage to ecosystems, it warns.   It is further evidence of the need to take action at next week's G8 summit, says working group chair, John Raven.   "Failure to do so may mean that there is no place in the oceans of the future for many of the species and ecosystems that we know today," he said."  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/4633681.stm  Clearly this John Raven just wants a bigger budget and so he's made up yet more stuff about the problems of CO2 pollution emoticon_rolleyes
Why is this clear?You'll have to ask gnojek that. It appears he thinks that any pronouncement by a scientist suggesting CO2 production is a problem is a conspiracy theory by scientists to get bigger budgets:  "As scientists we will tell you that there is a major problem that can only be solved through science , which can only be done with money. We're scientists and we really like grant money to do research. Wouldn't it be great if we had a global initiative to fund this research indefinitely, or until the global warming problem is solved..."  It's the YEC movement all over again: there's no proof, the evidence could be interpreted either way, it's a scientific conspiracy theory, the Devil is behind it: it's un-Christian to cut back on fossil fuel burning etc emoticon_xclown
Ocean acidity is old news...What, you mean like this story (http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/3136266.stm) of scientists warning about ocian acidity levels from 2003? Global warming is old news too: it doesn't seem to have reached the more remote parts of the world though, like North America for example.
 "Global Warming is both occuring and has been shown to be at least in part caused by human activity"  I will take the afirmative position. Anyone want to argue the opposite?  You couldn't possibly have chosen a more vague or easier to defend position. :p (Other than saying global warming might be occurring)  "At least in part caused by human activity"? emoticon_frazzled C'mon.  Nor could you have been more arrogant and insulting in doing so. emoticon_rolleyes   Quite frankly, I think we've been through this, and I don't have the time nor the desire to commit to a formal debate.  If you choose to interpret that as me admitting "I don't know jackshit about the topic", so be it.  Waxy
Perhpas you missed this bit " If you want the wording changed to allow you to take the opposite position, then say..."?  Of course I could. I was being constrained.  OK. No probs Mr Yellow Belly :p  ;)  I'll debate you, on one condition. The statement that you must defend is "mankind's release of CO2 will cause global warming" or something similar. No nebulous claims that we "have an affect" or similarly unquantifiable, touchy-feely unscientific position.  I'll even let you start the debate and I'll go on the defensive right from the start. Deal?  Oh, BTW, I've traded posts with Waxy for quite a while starting in another forum two years ago, he's anything BUT yellow bellied. emoticon_rolleyes
Not sure I follow you here. But I'll try another title:  "Global warming is a real event that is happening now and its primary cause is human activity"  Any good?  Fine.  I know. Thus the "wink" smilie.  Since we both agree that global warming is real, how about "Global warming's primary cause is human activity"? You can argue the affirmative and I'll argue the negative. OK?
Is that acceptable Clive14? Do you wish to take up JPSartre's offer?
Sounds good to me.  OK, since billsco is chomping at the bit for us to have this debate, let's discuss the details.  I propose: 1. The debate will be "Global warming's primary cause is human activity" and I will argue the affirmative. 2. JPSartre12 will argue the negative. 3. I will start the debate and will be allowed a total of 5 posts. 4. JPSartre12 will be allowed a total of 4 posts. 5. Each party must post a response within 4 days (96 hours) of their opponent posting. 6. billsco shall be appointed "umpire". He will provide three judges (approved by both debating parties) who shall judge the debate and he shall set up the debate thread only once all is agreed. 7. I must post my first post within 4 days (96 hours) of billsco setting up the thread.  Does that meet with your approval, or do you want to do things differently?  I'm agreeable with all of the above. Good luck.
Cool. I should have your judge list by today.
Cool. I should have your judge list by today.  Thanks Bill.
Debate is over...Clive chickened out....JP was tearing him a new one anyway.
The 17,000+ scientists who signed the Environmental Effects of Increased Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide Petition would agree.  I think this petition has been largely discredited, hasn't it? I couldn't tell whether Clive was going to pounce on this further or let it through.   IIRC, having one's name on the petition had little to do with their position on global warming. Mailings have been estimated in the millions; thus 17,000 is not that large a number. Further, bogus names have been spotted, such as the infamous Spice Girl parading as a Dr. Halliwell, Perry Mason, etc.   Finally, it's maybe no more than an appeal to authority. I don't think I'd use the petition in a debate, it has a bad provenance and has the potential to derail your train going full steam.
I think this petition has been largely discredited, hasn't it? I couldn't tell whether Clive was going to pounce on this further or let it through.   IIRC, having one's name on the petition had little to do with their position on global warming. Mailings have been estimated in the millions; thus 17,000 is not that large a number. Further, bogus names have been spotted, such as the infamous Spice Girl parading as a Dr. Halliwell, Perry Mason, etc.   Sourcewatch (which I have my suspicions about, but will leave them out of the discussion) put together the following page: http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=Oregon_Institute_of_Science_and_Medicine  In it, it says the following about the petition"  Case Study: The Oregon Petition  The Oregon Petition, sponsored by the OISM, was circulated in April 1998 in a bulk mailing to tens of thousands of U.S. scientists. In addition to the petition, the mailing included what appeared to be a reprint of a scientific paper. Authored by OISM's Arthur B. Robinson, Sallie L. Baliunas, Willie Soon, and Zachary W. Robinson, the paper was titled "Environmental Effects of Increased Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide" and was printed in the same typeface and format as the official Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Also included was a reprint of a December 1997, Wall Street Journal editorial, "Science Has Spoken: Global Warming Is a Myth, by Arthur and Zachary Robinson. A cover note signed "Frederick Seitz/Past President, National Academy of Sciences, U.S.A./President Emeritus, Rockefeller University", may have given some persons the impression that Robinson's paper was an official publication of the academy's peer-reviewed journal. The blatant editorializing in the pseudopaper, however, was uncharacteristic of scientific papers.  Further in the page it talks abot the 15,000 signatures being obtained in ~ a month. Then, they placed the petition online and environmentalists began signing it under false names.  Notwithstanding this rebuke, the Oregon Petition managed to garner 15,000 signatures within a month's time. S. Fred Singer called the petition "the latest and largest effort by rank-and-file scientists to express their opposition to schemes that subvert science for the sake of a political agenda."   Nebraska senator Chuck Hagel called it an "extraordinary response" and cited it as his basis for continuing to oppose a global warming treaty. "Nearly all of these 15,000 scientists have technical training suitable for evaluating climate research data," Hagel said. Columns citing the Seitz petition and the Robinson paper as credible sources of scientific expertise on the global warming issue have appeared in publications ranging from Newsday', the Los Angeles Times and Washington Post to the Austin-American Statesman, Denver Post, and Wyoming Tribune-Eagle.   In addition to the bulk mailing, OISM's website enables people to add their names to the petition over the Internet, and by June 2000 it claimed to have recruited more than 19,000 scientists. The institute is so lax about screening names, however, that virtually anyone can sign, including for example Al Caruba, a pesticide-industry PR man and conservative ideologue who runs his own website called the "National Anxiety Center." Caruba has no scientific credentials whatsoever, but in addition to signing the Oregon Petition he has editorialized on his own website against the science of global warming, calling it the "biggest hoax of the decade," a "genocidal" campaign by environmentalists who believe that "humanity must be destroyed to 'Save the Earth.' . . . There is no global warming, but there is a global political agenda, comparable to the failed Soviet Union experiment with Communism, being orchestrated by the United Nations, supported by its many Green NGOs, to impose international treaties of every description that would turn the institution into a global government, superceding the sovereignty of every nation in the world."  When questioned in 1998, OISM's Arthur Robinson admitted that only 2,100 signers of the Oregon Petition had identified themselves as physicists, geophysicists, climatologists, or meteorologists, "and of those the greatest number are physicists." This grouping of fields concealed the fact that only a few dozen, at most, of the signatories were drawn from the core disciplines of climate science - such as meteorology, oceanography, and glaciology - and almost none were climate specialists. The names of the signers are available on the OISM's website, but without listing any institutional affiliations or even city of residence, making it very difficult to determine their credentials or even whether they exist at all. When the Oregon Petition first circulated, in fact, environmental activists successfully added the names of several fictional characters and celebrities to the list, including John Grisham, Michael J. Fox, Drs. Frank Burns, B. J. Honeycutt, and Benjamin Pierce (from the TV show M*A*S*H), an individual by the name of "Dr. Red Wine," and Geraldine Halliwell, formerly known as pop singer Ginger Spice of the Spice Girls. Halliwell's field of scientific specialization was listed as "biology."  Even in 2003, the list was loaded with misspellings, duplications, name and title fragments, and names of non-persons, such as company names.     Finally, it's maybe no more than an appeal to authority. I don't think I'd use the petition in a debate, it has a bad provenance and has the potential to derail your train going full steam.  I didn't use it as a centerpiece of my position. I used it to derail any claim that "there is a general agreement amongst the scienticic community that global warming is real and man-made". It was a pre-emptive strike. :)
Debate is over...Clive chickened out....JP was tearing him a new one anyway.  I've got to agree with this assessment.  I think Clive14 dreamed up a dramatic crisis in an attempt to get himself banned rather than face a through defeat in the wake of pompous challenge.  Waxy
I think this is an interesting conclusion, no? It does look like an invented dramatic crisis to escape the debate. I feel I must disagree with your idea of defeat though. Clive14 was very pompous and arrogant and so might have tried to avoid humiliation and defeat by running away, but he has been humiliated and defeated anyway, no? He took nearly the full four days to do each post. His last post was not finished even. I think he might have "cooked up" the crisis as he was too arrogant to say he had no time and couldn't finish. I feel it is sad that he did that, as he could have won.  Funny, I figured he took the full 4 days because he couldn't find anything to counter my science. :)   JPSartre12 was very muddled I feel. He dismissed evidence because it came from the UN bodies or "left wing" groups. He used appeals to authority (I think that the right term) a lot. He swung between there being no global warming to global warming will be a good thing. His argument, I think he even admitted himself, was really one of politics and money, not of science.  Not really. I was going to tie the politics into the "science" in my closing post and demonstrate how global warming is occurring, naturally, at a rate, depending on what measurement protocol you choose, that is much lower than the poor models predicted, but is being sold by agencies of the UN because it is a revenue generator for the Third World, scientific agencies that should know better and unscrupulous businesses hoping to capitalize on their "new" technologies.  But Clive14 did not really tackle any of that, he instead offered poor choices of counter evidence to the science only I feel. Again this makes me think he was spending too little time on his posts to hope to win. It's hard to find reputable "junk science".   It was a very disapointing debate. It ought to be a lesson though to not build up the hype before. He was very rude to you Waxy for example and implied anyone who disagreed with him was dumb, so he made life difficult before he started. Also if you are right Waxy, then only debate if you can cope with losing. If I am right, only debate if you have the time to do it right. I took up the chalenge because I don't like arrogant people messing with folks that I've come to know over the past few years. Waxy and I go back a few years to Ford Truck Enthusiasts.com forum. We used to battle politics in the truck forum until we all got threatened with "the boot" and migrated here. I'll be honest. After seeing Clive14's first post, I thought I was battling a lightweight and reacted accordingly. I, typically only spent a couple of hours on my posts because I didn't see the outcome as being in question.  It was relatively easy for me to rebut all of his points, especially the beneficial effects of CO2 on plant growth. That was a softball argument. emoticon_wow  Now that the debate is done and settled, I'll post what would have been my fourth post. Hopefully, the link between "chicken little" and "show me da money" will be convincing enough to tie my distruct of the UN and its scientists with the global warming hoax together.
I'm also of the opinion that JP had the advantage and would have taken game, set, and match. But I would be surprised if Clive14 quit because he was on the brink of a defeat. He was a pugnacious debater who gave no quarter.  Unfortunately, he alienated many by his reckless insults and impatience with anyone who disagreed with him. His challenge to Waxy was very insolent and invited a sort of nemesis.  I was the dissenting judge on Clive's only win. I felt that he didn't do a good job of staying on topic and was very prone to personal attacks which hurt his credibility, IMO. That tactic wasn't used in our debate, thankfully.
Global warming is a controversy. Personally I am like hundred of maybe thousands if not millions of people that think it is liberal ########. The hole in the ozone layer is false, and I am sure this is too. -John Milosevic
Global warming is a controversy. Personally I am like hundred of maybe thousands if not millions of people that think it is liberal ########. The hole in the ozone layer is false, and I am sure this is too. -John Milosevic  The hole in the ozone layer is real and measurable. It is also quite natural, seasonal and may or may not be aggrevated by man's activities.
Ehh I thought ozone depletion and global warming are not correalted? Also, I really don't think we have enough info to determine if humans are the cause of major global warming.
They're not related, as far as I'm aware. The evidence on global warming, however, is pretty overwhelming.  I think this is a bad way to put it...the evidence that they earth has been warming since we have had the ability to measure temperature is overwhelming...the cause is unknown and whether or not it is natural is unknown. It does seem fairly narasistic to think in 100 years we have caused so much damage to an earth that at least has been here 10,000 years.
They're not related, as far as I'm aware. The evidence on globa warming, however, is pretty overwhelming.  Funny, I would have said the reverse. The evidence of ozone depletion is stronger than the "evidence" supporting global warming.
We know that we have been releasing large quantities of CO2 above normal levels. We know that CO2 is currently at high levels and increasing in the atmosphere (more particularly increasing at a very high rate, CO2 was higher approx 650000 years ago IIRC, the rate of change is vital, however). We know the link between CO2 and global warming. How much more evidence is needed? The fact that you maintain the fantasy that the world could be as little as 10k years old shows how little grasp you have on the situation.  I've already debated global warming once. Would you care to become victim #2?emoticon_xgood  CO2 only accounts for a few % of the atmospheric greenhouse gases. H2O vapor accounts for <95%, should we stop showering with hot water, too?:)
I've already debated global warming once. Would you care to become victim #2?emoticon_xgood  CO2 only accounts for a few % of the atmospheric greenhouse gases. H2O vapor accounts for <95%, should we stop showering with hot water, too?:)  JP, do you have any sources for this? If so please let me know! :)
JP, do you have any sources for this? If so please let me know! :)  Here's one. There are lots of others.  http://www.envirotruth.org/myth3.cfm
The problem is that taking CO2 and water vapour as bare percentages of the atmosphere doesn't account for the spectra of light which they absorb. In simple terms, the Sun emits radiation in a broad spectrum, which is partly reflected back by the earth, partly absorbed and re-emited. Greenhouse gases have energy levels such that the frequencies of radiation emitted by the earth are similar to those required to raise an electron up an energy level. Some greenhouse gases block more of this spectrum than others.   Indirect and direct forcing factors are fairly well established. CO2 in the stratosphere actually has a cooling effect. In the troposphere, it has a warming effect. Regardless, water vapor, primarily in the form of clouds, is the single largest greenhouse gas affecting our climate.
global warming has always been a scam...If you really look into it you will see that at best one can say that for a certain period of time the earth may have been warming...you can't conclude anything else (such as why, or if it is normal).
Hey im new and this is actually my first post, as side from the intro one I gave.   Anyways, I believe Global Warming is a crock. But I would like to say temperature readings are actually increasing in some areas! Wait a min that sounds like I was contradicting myself... Well let me elaborate. Allot of the temperature readings are taken at places like airports, which have allot of concrete and heavy machinery around. Those two factors alone cause a huge rise in temperature, which will distort these readings. In order to get accurate readings temperatures must be taken by other means, like weather balloons.   Hey you guys want to know something amazing? The weather balloons that they use for this purpose show a very low rise in temperature if any.  Therefore we can only conclude that the earth is not getting warmer at an alarming rate.   And even if it was... So what! I mean really do you think that we are the cause of it? I doubt it. Friends, the earth is not, by any means as weak as some people would have you believe. It can take our cars and anything else we throw at it.  Umm... this is interesting. My dad just came in and told me about an article that was aired on Toronto's CFRB radio station. The article said that when we go out and burn a quart of wood for a fire we actually put so much pollution into the air that a SUV would have to drive around the world a couple of times in order to even compare!!! can you imagine if there was ever a forest fire!!! man the world would pretty much just blow up! Again people, the Earth can take it.   Also, here's another interesting fact, when a volcano explodes it produces more pollution then all of the cars ever produced. I mean EVER, from the days of Nicolas Cugnot in 1769 to now.  Also in relation to rising water levels. Reality states that unfortunately there are rising water levels.... However, there are descending water levels! And they pretty much balance each other out. there's places like Tonga have risen 29.1% over a 65 month period, but places like Tuvalu have decreased 34.3% over a 62 month period.   But you see people the problem is that environmentalist wackos would have you believe other wise. My point is, we know very little about what's going on, and our elected officials are attempting to create half fast solutions to a situation that may very well be false problem, i.e. Kyoto. (Remember im from Canada, God bless America!) These attempts are just to make them self's look appealing at election time. Why does this make them look good? Because people believe the environmentalist wackos and they're outrageous clams, so the government thinks it has to throw money at a made up disaster.   Also the facts and our scientist even dissociate them self's from this man made global warming myth and look more to natural fluctuation.   Therefore if you're going to point to point a finger, pointed it at Mother Nature. But on the other hand she probably knows what she's doing so why point a finger at all?  lol Sorry guys i went on alittle rate didn't i. O well i tend to do that, anyways theres some good stuff in there.
Not really. Global warming is a fact. The only question is whether we are a significant contributor to it at this time. Btw cars are only part of the problem. Electrical generation 24/7 with fossil fuels is a big concern.  global warming is not a "fact" as people think it is defined. Is the earth slightly warming? Maybe...but that is the best you can say. You can't state as "fact" the reasons, whether it is natural or not, or whether humans are contributing to it.
Not really. Global warming is a fact. The only question is whether we are a significant contributor to it at this time. Btw cars are only part of the problem. Electrical generation 24/7 with fossil fuels is a big concern.  By saying that i don't know if your just ignoring what i said in my post or if your just saying that it is a fact....  If your just saying that it is a fact, well i didn't say it wasn't, i didn't say it was. "i said i believe it to be a crock"...  ITS A THEORY!!!  no one knows enough about whats going on, and if it is its doubtfull that we are the primary contirbutors. Read my previous post and you'll understand, becasue as i said there's some godd stuff in there. emoticon_xgood
Your powers of articulation leave much to be desired but I did read your painful post. The Earth is warming at present. Fact. Maybe you've seen all the ice melting on the news?  HAHA my powers of articulation leave much to be desired eh...  Well at least im not taken in my pictures of melting ice.  Hey you want melting ice come up here to Canada eh, we get lots. Always have.
If we lose the caps we could have a 20ft. rise in sea level. You know how many cities that would flood?  Don't worry, i think the problem seems to be undercontrol... If there is a problem....  http://www.globalwarming.org/article.php?uid=175
Not maybe and not slightly. Yes, it is a fact we are contributing.   Who are "people" and what is "think it is defined"? Oh, I forgot, you're the authority on definitions.  You aren't the authority on stating things as fact either. In fact (pun intended) there are many scientists who don't buy it. I saw a news story yesterday where a Mass. meteorogists said that there are many scientists who don't by that global warming is caused by humans...it is too inconclusive.
Did you know that the primary funding for the CEI comes from Exxon?  Thats fine. the web site is paid for and maintained by Consumer Alert. Not Exxon.  Also, where are you getting your info. i keep hear those alligations from the same enviromentalist wackos that were telling us that the Earth was cooling at an alarming rate in the 70's.
Not a fan of Rush Limbaugh eh. lol  O well no ones perfect.   Thanks for the greating. emoticon_xgood
I didn't state that there is conclusive evidence that it is caused by humans. I said global warming is happening and our activities are contributing. which is not a fact...  The idea that human contributed to the .5 degree celisius increase is disputed.
this is an interesting ariticle.  "Shaidurov explained how changes in the amount of ice crystals at high altitude could damage the layer of thin, high altitude clouds found in the mesosphere that reduce the amount of warming solar radiation reaching the earth's surface.  the most potent greenhouse gas is water, explains Shaidurov and it is this compound on which his study focuses. According to Shaidurov, only small changes in the atmospheric levels of water, in the form of vapour and ice crystals can contribute to significant changes to the temperature of the earth's surface, which far outweighs the effects of carbon dioxide and other gases released by human activities. Just a rise of 1% of water vapour could raise the global average temperature of Earth's surface more then 4 degrees Celsius."   Thats just the basics of the artical. I strongly suggest reading it.   http://www.physorg.com/news11710.html
http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=17798  A 35% increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide since pre-indusrtrial times with no impact? Please.  http://www.fraserinstitute.ca/shared/readmore.asp?sNav=pb&id=237  It doesn't matter what the increase in carbon dioxide is because it has little effect. The big contributor to a rise in temperature is water vapor, which we have no control over. Because the atmosphere is mostly made up of water vapor if you were to increase its amount by even 1% you would get a temperature change of 4 degrees Celsius, thats almost a 10 degree fahrenheit change for my friends down South.  http://www.physorg.com/news11710.html
I prefer cars, SUV's are still gas hogs.
One should be careful about basing one's opinions on a single scientific report. Especially one where personal bias can so easily be seen. She's basically saying "No, we should be worrying about (and spending research money on) CO2. The real problem just happens to be in my field, solar radiation, so send your research money my way." From what I can gather her work is not getting very favorable peer review.   Alright well I got my information from the second link, if you even took a look at what I sent you would realize that. Vladimir Shaidurov is a man, that's why I think it's safe to say you're purely passing your post on the first link not the second. The first link was merely something interesting to read, the second one under my post was where I got my info. Sorry I take part of the blame I should have labeled them a little better.
Those "enviromental whackos" may be extremist and even misguided but why trust those who have a monetary stake in disproving global warming? Can you see how this meteor theory is so difficult to substantiate as to be perfect for clouding the issue for who knows how long. Perfect if you are in the fossil fuel business. I'd bet they're begging to fund his research.  It's a little more complicated then that. Are they really out to disprove Global warming, or are they looking for alternative reasons for possibly temperature rises? There are several theories out there, and it appears that liberals choose to accept Human interference. Why? because environmentalist have blown up this particular theory because it point figures at us, when this happens the public wants hasty action and the liberals ease their guilt by throwing money at programs such a Kyoto.   That meteor theory is just one explanation. Jim's four periods of Glaciations is another. By reading and understanding these other Theories can we only get to the truth. We'll never get there by fallowing one theory favoured by politicians and making it as blind fact or by making accusations like the world is going to over heat in 10 years (Al Gore)
Let's focus Evan. Why do liberals want to fingers at us? Because of guilt? What guilt? Because they just want to spend money? Why? Now if you said because they're simply anti-capitalist, anti-industrialist, I could imagine that.  Now now, come on. Let's focus here. Why do liberals point the figure at us? They blame the American people; they tell them that they are all wrong, humanity as we know it is evil. Mother nature's only true predator is man! They've imbedded in part of the public that they people of the Untied States of America are bad people.   "Wait a min, you mean its my fault... o man, I can't believe it.... SOMETHING MUST BE DONE!"  And the liberals say "Well it's true, but you are not condemned to hell, we can safe you immortal sole. We will impose taxes and regulations and you will be cleansed." Then they lean to their comrades and laugh quietly.  Why do they do this? Well it's because they have an on going mission to have a larger government, more victims and guilty Americans, and yes it would appear that they have a vendetta against Capitalism.
Environmentalists do not consider America to be the only country hurting the environment. We just have the largest number of people with a high standard of living. That standard has an environmental cost. Would you agree with that?  I would agree with that the environmentalist consider America to be the Country that allegedly hurts the environment the most because it is the most industrialized nation with the wealthiest people...   I however only believe that to be the environmentalist idea, and i don't believe it to be a true idea.   I don't understand why these environmentalists choose to jump to hasty conclusions, and keep trying to implement solutions to problems they really have no knowledge about and insufficient information, much like the Kyoto protocol.
And yet you accept the word of a drug addicted glutton with no scientific background whatsoever. Why is that?  Im guessing you're talking about Rush... Well first of all yes he had a drug addiction. It started because of a back problem he had and botched surgery. He was never charged of anything, never arrested, and never attempted to condone his actions.   Rush does his home work and makes sure he knows his stuff, he quotes credible sources and he references his material. He also never makes outrages clams and voices for there to be action and solution to a false and theoretical problem.
aside from the fact that many meterologists (who have nothing to gain so therefore are credible...what a stupid fallacy) believe the earth may be warming (but only .5 degrees celisius) but it is in dispute about the reasons why. There is no "unified voice" with scientists as you seem to believe.
aside from the fact that many meterologists (who have nothing to gain so therefore are credible...what a stupid fallacy) believe the earth may be warming (but only .5 degrees celisius) but it is in dispute about the reasons why. There is no "unified voice" with scientists as you seem to believe.  He's right you know. Undisputedly right. emoticon_xgood   "A survey of over 400 German, American and Canadian climate researchers conducted by the Meteorologisches Institut der Universitat Hamburg and the GKSS Forschungszentrum found that 67% of those surveyed either disagreed or were uncertain about the proposition that global warming will occur so quickly that lack of preparation could prove disastrous."  http://www.nationalcenter.org/TP38.html
Here's an interesting way to deal with global warming:  http://www.crnc.org/index.php?content=beach
Man-made global warming is one of the biggest frauds ever let loose upon mankind. The enviromentalists keep mongering the fear so they can get funding (fearmongering and profiting from it does ring a certain bell, doesn't it?).  The whole premise of man-made globabl warming is flawed beyond belief. People perceive the weather that they've known since they were a child as "normal" and any deviation from it as "abnormal". People mistakingly think that there is such a thing as normal weather, while in fact the climate always changes.   If you look at things on a larger scale you'll see that basically the Earth just came out of an Ice age yesterday, so duh, of course the Earth is getting hotter and its has nothing to do with any interference from mankind. Or do people think that when the Ice age ended 10.000 years ago, people were already driving cars and heating up the planet?
Have a look at this graph:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Vostok_420ky_4curves_insolation.jpg  Notice how every 100.000-150.000 years the temperature and CO2 goes up very quickly? I'm pretty sure humans had nothing to do with it. Fact is that the climate changes all the time in very big and long cycles. To take a very tiny snapshot of the changes in climate and to a) attribute it to human interference and to b)draw your conclusions from that tiny snapshot is IMO about as non-scientific as it gets. Using that logic I can say that the Earth is actually cooling down because last winter was colder than the one before.  As for the money that's being made off the global warming scare, Greenpeace is a company like any other and it's as self-preserving as any other company. So no enviromental scare = no need for Greenpeace.
LOL, I wonder how global warming activists feel about their newest member?  http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20060803/od_uk_nm/oukoe_uk_robertson_1  But despite Robertson's conversion due to the heat, it's not necessarly a sign of global warming at all--and certainly not the hottest summer on record.  http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewNation.asp?Page=/Nation/archive/200608/NAT20060804c.html
As for your second point, 9 of the 10 hottest years on record have been in the last decade. The fact that there are local variations is neither here nor there.  Maybe. There's good scientists on both sides of the issue.  But regarding Robertson, he's not basing his views on science at all. He's basing it on the fact he was hot the other day.
Does anyone else get the impression that he might have alsheimers? I am not saying that to be mean because it is an aweful disease, it just appears to me he is developing it.
No, there really aren't. As for Robertson, why do you think I said he was right (as in global warming is happening and we are largely responsible) by sheer luck?  Yes, there ARE good scientists on both sides of the issue--you've been shown this before already in another thread, as I recall.
No, it's been claimed before in other threads, and all that has come up are people who don't specialise in the subject or people on the pay roll of the oil companies.  See, this is the problem I have with your view. Anyone who was really interested in good science would never make blanket statements like 'there are no good scientists on the other side of the issue' (which by saying no to me, you're essentially saying). It's not only an insult to those scientists, it abandons the scientific process of peer-review, skepticism, etc. Views like yours on this sound more like fundamentalists than scientists.  I suspect you have no degree in a related field such as climatology, and yet you claim some very well-known and good scientists are not good scientists: [*]Patrick Michaels from the Department of Environmental Services at the University of Virginia[*]Robert Balling of Arizona State University[*]Sherwood B. Idso of the U.S. Water Conservation Laboratory[*]Fred Singer, atmospheric physicist and professor emeritus of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia[*]Richard Lindzen of Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[*]Frederick Seitz (anti-global warming treaties, accepts the temperature rise as real, but not yet properly explained)[*]William M. Gray, emeritus professor at Colorado State University and one of the world's leading experts on tropical storms. Claims that there is no link between increasing ocean temperatures and more intense hurricanes in recent decades and dismisses computer climate models.[*]Roy Spencer, known for his satellite-based temperature monitoring work Remember that in the context of the global warming debate, self-identifying as an opponent of global warming doesn't mean necessarily that one doesn't accept the earth is warming, but rather that they don't believe it is warming because of human causes. So unlike what you apparently believe, there certainly ARE those who have a different view on this who also specialize in the field.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_warming_controversy  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_scientists_opposing_global_warming_consensus  There ARE good scientists on both sides of the issue.
Here's a list of papers published in New Scientist on Global Warming, which do you think show that it isn't happening?  The issue is not whether the earth is warming--that's not what being on the other side of the global warming debate means. The issue is, assuming it is getting warmer, whether the cause is natural or because of humans.
That's an interesting question, but does the answer really matter? We know the Earth is getting warmer, and we know this will have devastating effects on millions if not billions of people. Given that, shouldn't we do everything we can to reverse the trend, even if we aren't the primary cause? We know that greenhouse gases can contribute to warming, so even if we can't prove that they're causing the current warming trend, shouldn't we cut them anyway, simply because that's all we can do? It would be bad to waste your time when you coulda been spending resources on a way to actually identify and fix the problem assuming there is one
That's an interesting question, but does the answer really matter? We know the Earth is getting warmer, and we know this will have devastating effects on millions if not billions of people.  Of course it matters! If it's being caused by humans it's something we can do something about, assuming enough people understand the need.  Given that, shouldn't we do everything we can to reverse the trend, even if we aren't the primary cause? We know that greenhouse gases can contribute to warming, so even if we can't prove that they're causing the current warming trend, shouldn't we cut them anyway, simply because that's all we can do?  If humans aren't the cause, then why should they, given the regulatory and economic issues involved. If it's going to happen regardless. If you knew a 10,000-acre forest fire was approaching your house, is there really any point in buying a box of fire extinguishers, or making rules to have them placed in every room?   And just so you don't misinterpret my statements (as a lie or whatever else), let me add that I'm not necessarily siding with those against global warming here. I'm saying that there are good scientists on both sides of the issue.
Let's look at that list shall we?  Patrick Michaels - known to have received money from at least 1 energy company, and edits the World Climate Report which is funded by the Western Fuels Association, major suppliers of coal in the western US.  Robert Balling - reported to have received $400,000 from oil and coal companies including Exxon-Mobil  Sherwood B. Idso - of the Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change, has been on the pay roll of Western Fuels and received money from Exxon-Mobil.  Fred Singer - one of the more amusing candidates, veteran rent-a-scientist for not only Exxon-Mobil but for big tobacco firms needing a stooge too.  Richard Lindezen - reportedly received $2500/day for consulting on behalf of oil and coal companies, and has links to the WFA front organisation Greening Earth.  Frederick Seitz - specialism is in solid state physics, yet feels himself qualified to talk on both tobacco effects and global warming. Funding of his SEPP organisation remains obscure, though he is believed to have links to the Moonies.  William M. Gray - so far the only one who doesn't appear to have dubious funding sources. However, while he may be perfectly qualified to dispute the effects of warming on hurricanes, the fact remains that he is not a specialist in the area of warming itself. As far as I can tell he has not published papers on the subject.  Roy Spencer - a supporter of intelligent design which suggests his scientific credentials are suspect right off the bat. Again, his papers are not on the issue itself, but solely on temperature monitoring.  So we've got 2 guys in areas semi-detached from the subject, one of whom is prepared to substitute religion for science when it suits him, and the others of whom is a conspiracy theorist. Hardly a brilliant selection of "good scientists".  Your post here is pretty much entirely a logical fallacy on your part.  It's known as Guilt by Association . . .  Guilt by Association is the attempt to discredit an idea based upon disfavored people or groups associated with it. This is the reverse of an Appeal to Misleading Authority, and might be justly called "Appeal to Anti-Authority". An argument to authority argues in favor of an idea based upon associating an authority figure with the idea, whereas Guilt by Association argues against an idea based upon associating it with disreputable people or groups. (from FallacyFiles.com)  Essentially what this means is that you are using a fallacy; the point being that just because these men have (or may have) received funds or have ties to energy companies does not mean they have can't or haven't conducted good science to come to their conclusions. Their science and processes should be looked at independently of whatever motivations they might have. Your argument is no different than saying, for instance, that we should automatically discount the views of someone regarding the development of a fetus within the context of the abortion debate, simply because they are given support by Planned Parenthood.  The same can be said of automatically discrediting a scientist due to their religion. (By your standards, Issac Newton, one of the greatest scientists who ever lived, was a bad scientist! As would be William Thomson.)
Well, first off we don't have to assume that there's a problem. We know that average temperature are increasing; it's not rocket science, it just takes reading a thermometer and writing down the result.  this alone doesn't establish a problem.   Considering what's at stake, doing nothing seems like a trully horrible idea. Even if greenhouse gas emmisions aren't the root cause of global warming reducing them could still help. If you know of anything else that we could do that has a chance of helping I'd love to hear it, because from what I've read this is our only option. Your post seemed like the same reasoning behind the Iraq war. "We don't know for 100% certain if Iraq has WMDs but we only have 2 opitions...if we don't invade they might fire them and cause WWIII or we could invade them and find out for sure". Perhaps with a little more thought (as we know now) the US could have come up with a better plan.   We keep barking up the tree of humans causing the problem but no one is bothering to look at solutions to what other causes their might be. It seems that saying "we can't do anything about it" isn't good enough. I think we should find out what tree to bark out before we begin doing so :)
Your post here is pretty much entirely a logical fallacy on your part.  It's known as Guilt by Association . . .  Guilt by Association is the attempt to discredit an idea based upon disfavored people or groups associated with it. This is the reverse of an Appeal to Misleading Authority, and might be justly called "Appeal to Anti-Authority". An argument to authority argues in favor of an idea based upon associating an authority figure with the idea, whereas Guilt by Association argues against an idea based upon associating it with disreputable people or groups. (from FallacyFiles.com)  Essentially what this means is that you are using a fallacy; the point being that just because these men have (or may have) received funds or have ties to energy companies does not mean they have can't or haven't conducted good science to come to their conclusions. Their science and processes should be looked at independently of whatever motivations they might have. Your argument is no different than saying, for instance, that we should automatically discount the views of someone regarding the development of a fetus within the context of the abortion debate, simply because they are given support by Planned Parenthood.  The same can be said of automatically discrediting a scientist due to their religion. (By your standards, Issac Newton, one of the greatest scientists who ever lived, was a bad scientist! As would be William Thomson.)  Well done Jyoshu. emoticon_xgood   I get so sick and tired of this fallacy that I just ignore these threads for the most part now.  Ever stop to wonder about all the "scientists" out there that publish pro anthropogenic warming papers? Where does their funding come from? What organizations are they affiliated with? The righteous position assumed by the "man's fault" side is nonsense, an d is the text book example of your second fallacy.  The whole thing is a joke. It's simply a way of avoiding having to give any thought or credence to science that doesn't fit the mainstream mantra of global warming.   Simply put, it's unscientific.  Waxy
Even if we aren't the primary cause greenhouse gases are still probably contributing. Even if temperatures were going to rise anyway we're probably pushing them up faster and higher. Basically, we only have one thing we can do, there's only one knob we can turn. It may halt global warming, it may just slow it down, there's even a non-zero chance that it won't do a thing. But given that it's the only knob we have, and given how disasterous inaction will be, how can we do anything but turn it?  That may be true; but it needs to be weighed against the cost of making such changes (and I'm not saying I know what those costs are; i don't), as well as the repercussions more regulation.    Do you have a stance, or are you undecided?  I already have, more than once now: that there are good scientists on both sides of the issue. That's what Jo Bennett disagreed with, and it's the discussion you weighed in on.
As I recall Jo Bennet is a Physicist of some description, (Also a member of the CofE which makes what is said elsewhere somewhat bizare.) ID isn't science, the Authors (Behe and Dembski) admit that it is religously inspired and the Judge in the recent case declared that it was Creationism, even the Vatican Observatory denounces it as psuedoscience. I'm a Zoologist, so I deal with the effects of climate change as it effects populations of animals. There is something of a Silent Spring effect taking place.  I will draw your attention to three articles in New Scientist; US report backs study on global warming A report commissioned by the US Congress backs findings that the past few decades were the warmest in 400 years 23 June 2006 Breaking News   US Supreme Court to rule on climate change The court will decide whether the evidence for global warming is sufficient to merit controls on carbon dioxide emissions from cars 27 June 2006 Breaking News   US Congress starts to believe in climate change A weighty report concludes that the controversial 'hockey stick' graph showing global warming this century is real 01 July 2006 From magazine issue 2558 News   The "Hockey Stick" graph shows the change in CO2 levels in the atmosphere, almost stable since the last glaciation, which show a sudden and increasing rise in CO2 since the start of the Industrial Revolution.  None of those except the last one does anything other than to argue that the earth is warming, rather than indicate a human cause, so I'll only deal with the last example you give, since that's the only one pertinent here.  Ah, the infamous "hockey stick" graph, done by Michael Mann. That graph has been discredited by numerous statiticians who reviewed his work and methodology, including Edward J. Wegman of George Mason University, David W. Scott of Rice University and Yasmin H. Said of Johns Hopkins University, Ross McKitrick, an economist at the University of Guelph in Ontario, and Steven McIntyre, a veteran of mineral exploration. "Their task was to look at Mr. Mann's methods from a statistical perspective and assess their validity. Their conclusion is that Mr. Mann's papers are plagued by basic statistical errors that call his conclusions into doubt." (WSJ, 7/14/06)
I don't know what the final costs would be either, but given what's at stake there's no way they can be too high to try. The drain on the economy would be tiny compared to, say, the Iraq war, and the potential benefits are huge. Likewise, the costs if we do nothing could be staggering.  That may be, but the question is, how far is just "trying"? Specifically, what do you mean in terms of regulation and dollars spent? A blank check and all-powerful unchecked Big Brother on drivers, consumers, companies, etc. is NOT a good thing. And if you mean anything less than that, then tell what your solutions are, specifically. Anyone can say we should "try."  Which side of the issue, if any, are you on? Do you think people are responsible for global warming? Contribute? Have had no effect? Or do you not have an opinion?  At this point I think "contributing" is the most I could say, but maybe not even that. I'm still reading various views and opinions.   "The issue is, assuming it is getting warmer, whether the cause is natural or because of humans." If you don't want to discuss this with me and the merits of various scientists with Jo at the same time I'll yield the floor. Just say the word.  Regarding your statements, I just gave you my 'stance' on global warming. And no, I'm not interested in seeing who's meeting Jo's guilt-by-association criteria for what's a good scientist; she still has the ties-to-energy-companies qualifier in play (the #2 thing she listed). That doesn't speak to whether or not they are good scientists.
Ok Jyoshu, or anyone else who feels like taking up the challenge. If this issue is so hotly contested, find me two scientists meeting the following criteria: 1. has published in a peer reviewed journal 1 or more papers contradicting the core science of global warming directly 2. is not receiving income or grants from any organisation with a vested interest in greenhouse gas emissions larger than the income or grant. Find me these and I'll stop disputing that there are competent scientists on both sides.  The following have published disputing primarily the effect of humans on climate change, but have also challenged the core science behind global warming -   Tad Murty Jan Veizer Ross McKittrick/Steven McIntyre  That's just 4 guys I picked off the top of my head. I'm sure I could post you a list of a hundred or more, but would it really matter?  You may not agree with them, but the fact remains that they are competent scientists who interpret the data differently than you do (or at least those on the side you've chosen to take do). It's pretty clear to me that the data is NOT indisputable, and that there is NOT a complete consensus among those qualified to speak on the data.   The problem is, Al Gore is out making movies while these guys are actually doing scientific research.  Waxy
Waxy, would you mind giving me a link to Tad Murty's work on climate change? My googling isn't telling me much more than that he's an expert on tsunamis, which as far as I'm aware have nothing to do with climate change.  http://www.friendsofscience.org/documents/debate.pdf  Ross McKittrick is an economist, he hasn't done any work on the science of climate change. Steven McIntyre is, again, not a scientist. He's a semi-retired businessman, and I can't find any published works of his regarding the science of climate change.  McKittrick is an economist that specializes in environmental economics and policy analysis. He was written several papers, and published a book, evaluating the data and techniques used to reach conclusions such as the "hockey stick" graph. He is infinitely qualified to do this kind of analysis.   McIntyre co-authored many of the papers with McKittrick.  A person does not have to be out there reading thermometers to be qualified to speak on global warming. The data is there for anyone and everyone to evaluate.  Essex,C. & McKitrick,R.: "Taken by Storm" , Key Porter Books. ISBN 1552632121.  Incidentally the reason I want to exclude scientists in the pay of the oil companies is that if the dispute is significant, there would doubtless be scientists not bought and paid for by big oil who would be on the minority side. I'm not saying that science paid for by the oil companies is automatically suspect, but the experience with tobacco and lung cancer should teach us a lot about trusting data from big businesses with a vested interest in the status quo.  Fair enough.  I would then like to exclude the works of anyone associated with the Sierra Club, Greenpeace, etc..., as they have a clearly defined agenda, and a vested interest in the results.  Waxy
Greenpeace et al aim to protect the planet. If it turns out it doesn't need protecting in this area then no-one will be happier than us (I'm a Greenpeace supporter). Feel free to exclude scientists funded by these groups if you so wish, it still leaves an overwhelming consensus among scientists working in the field.  Radical enviro groups do as much to harm the enviroment as help it IMHO, and public opinion would be on my side. Google it if you wish.  The hard line extreme stance taken by groups like the Sierra Club only hinders advancement and cooperation on environmental issues. I for one am VERY suspicious of the science presented by these extreme enviro groups, as it has been proven to be cooked and biased in the past. It becomes more of a religion than science, and objectivity is lost.  I would suggest that many qualifiers are in order for it to be considered "overwhelming".  The point - there are bad apples on both sides of the fence. Dismissing the work of either side out of hand is careless and unscientific.  You're not qualified to evaluate climate models if you don't know enough about the climate. If McKittirck's work was scientific it would be published in a peer reviewed scientific journal, not an economics one.  You mean like these ones?  Peer-Reviewed Science Journal Articles  Essex, Christopher, Andresen, Bjarne and Ross McKitrick. Is There a Global Temperature? Accepted, Journal of Nonequilibrium Thermodynamics  McIntyre, Stephen and Ross McKitrick (2005) Reply to Comment by von Storch and Zorita on "Hockey Sticks, Principal Components and Spurious Significance" Geophysical Research Letters 32(20) L20714 10.1029/2005GL023089 21 October 2005  McIntyre, Stephen and Ross McKitrick (2005) Reply to Comment by Huybers on "Hockey Sticks, Principal Components and Spurious Significance" Geophysical Research Letters 32(20) L20714 10.1029/2005GL023586 21 October 2005  McIntyre, Stephen and Ross McKitrick (2005) The M&M Critique of the MBH98 Northern Hemisphere Climate Index: Update and Implications Energy and Environment 16(1) pp. 69-100.  McIntyre, Stephen and Ross McKitrick (2005) Hockey Sticks, Principal Components and Spurious Significance Geophysical Research LettersVol. 32, No. 3, L03710 10.1029/2004GL021750 12 February 2005.  McKitrick, Ross and Patrick J. Michaels (2004). "Are Temperature Trends Affected by Economic Activity? Reply to Benestad (2004)" Climate Research 27(2) pp. 175-176.  McIntyre, S. and R. McKitrick (2004). "Materials Complaint Concerning 'Global Scale Temperature Patterns and Climate Forcing over the Past Six Centuries'" Nature 430 July 1, 2004, p. 105.  McKitrick, Ross and Patrick J. Michaels (2004). "A Test of Corrections for Extraneous Signals in Gridded Surface Temperature Data" Climate Research 26 pp. 159-173.  McIntyre, Steven and Ross McKitrick, (2003). "Corrections to the Mann et. al. (1998) Proxy Data Base and Northern Hemisphere Average Temperature Series." Environment and Energy 14(6) pp. 751-771.  McKitrick, Ross R. (2002). "Inference About Trends in Temperature Data After Controlling for Serial Correlation and Heteroskedastic Variance." Invited Paper, Proceedings of the Russian Geographical Society 164(3) pp. 16-24. (English version)   Climate models are based on data. Data is universal. Someone highly skilled in evaluating the raw data is perfectly qualified to do so and form conclusions.  On top of that, you haven't proven in any way, shape, or form, that McKittrick's knowledge of climate and climate models is insufficient. You simply and convienently label it as such with no proof.  I knew this was a pointless exercise from the beginning.   Irregardless of what I post for you, you will find a way to discredit it as being not up to your standards. I have given you exactly what you asked for, with a very minimum of effort, and yet, your mind remains as closed as it ever was, convinced that your position is unequivocably correct.  This is why I try to stay out of these debates. People's positions are so cemented in their righteous certainty that there really is no debate.   Waxy
I knew this was a pointless exercise from the beginning.  Irregardless of what I post for you, you will find a way to discredit it as being not up to your standards. I have given you exactly what you asked for, with a very minimum of effort, and yet, your mind remains as closed as it ever was, convinced that your position is unequivocably correct.  This is why I try to stay out of these debates. People's positions are so cemented in their righteous certainty that there really is no debate. yeah, that is kinda lame...Jo Bennett asked for two you gave four.    As for Kronus, I agree that we should probably reduce our pollution to some degree as it would be "better safe than sorry" but at the same time I don't think a full blown effort is needed. Pollution controll will have effects beyond "global warming" anyway....it will make us healthier and have the ability to actually see a city skyline. With the rest of the money we should continue researching and deciding what actually is causing global warming. No use barking up the wrong tree when you can find the right one :)
Right, I conceed that there have been a small number of papers published atacking some of the methodology used by some proponents of global warming, and there are a small number of people with credible knowledge of the field who have different theories about the warming. Now is either Waxy or jyoshu prepared to concede the overwhelming consensus in support of anthropogenic warming,  I believe that the general consensus it that the earth is warming. I agree with that.  The majority believe it is anthropogenic, an overwhelimg consensus - that's a stretch.  I don't believe that there is any consensus whatsoever regarding what the impact of the warming is/will be, what can/should be done about, or how to go about doing anything.  and that the media is massively over-emphasising the tiny number of dissenting voices?  No offense Joe, but I laughed out loud when I read this.  The media overemphasizing the dissenters? You have got to be kidding. It is nearly impossible for dissenting voices to be heard by the media.  The general public is bombarded on a daily basis with global warming paranoia. Extreme weather, ice caps disappearing, global flooding, every day a new record temp, etc.....  There are feature length movies made by former vice presidents playing in theatres around the country that are sounding the global warming alarm bells, and you actually have the audacity to suggest that the media is over-emphasizing the the dissenting voices? Try to find me 3-4 "anti global warming" stories of any kind garnereing attention in the current mainstream media. You lost some major credibility points with me on this one Joe.  Waxy
I really have to put a point in, it my not be valid as I did sort of just "jump" into this forum, so if because I wasn't a part of the start of this forum my point is non taken that's fine with me but.... Again Waxy you are talking about ALL the actions that might/will happen now think of the IDEA behind the actions..... Water level increases less land.... less land faster over population.... faster over population.... more control over the people.... more control over the people less freedoms..... open your mind man you are s blind......  emoticon_xdonno   emoticon_xbye   Waxy
Again, if human emissions aren't the cause then we're pretty much screwed, since they're the only potential cause that we can do anything about, so searching for other causes before doing anything about emissions really doesn't make much sense. And, of course, if human emissions are the right tree, and we waste too much time and money checking every other possibility, it'll be much, much harder to do anything about it. There could very well be a "tip over" point past which merely stopping emissions won't reverse the trend. Just something else to keep in mind.  I don't concede that global warming is even a bad thing. If it is a natural climate pattern then whats the big deal?
It wasn't discredited, indeed the US congress said;  http://www.nature.com/news/2006/060626/full/4411032a.html This paper is far from alone, I for one haven't seen any papers in the peer reviewed journals that dispute the correlation between the industrial revolution and the rise in CO2.   The point is, there's not universal consensus. Some HAVE discredited it, and I gave you the names and sources. No one is saying here that it's WRONG--the point here is that there are good scientists on both sides of this, and there is no universal consensus.
There isn't "Universal Concensus" on the world being round, I can't think of a single scientist I've met who seriously believes the cause of global warming is anything other than human in origin in all the time since I first went to University.  Then with all due respect, you should read more. You've been given names right here.  And yes, there IS universal consensus among scientists that the world is round.
It is. Any point trying to convince you of this? And that's a serious question. You can try but in the sense I am referring to...if global warming is natural it really isn't a bad thing overall (probably bad for Miami)    You can't actually mean what you just said, but I can't figure out any other way to interpret it. If something's natural it's no big deal? A hurricane that causes billions in damage, or a tsunami that kills thousands are no big deal, because they're natural? Try again, I'm sure that's not what you were actually trying to say, and I have no clue what you really meant. In the sense that there is no use freaking out about it...yeah it is no big deal. You aren't going to stop a tsunami from taking out an island so trying to solve an unsolvable problem is rather worthless.
You cited the article; McIntyre, S. and R. McKitrick (2004). "Materials Complaint Concerning 'Global Scale Temperature Patterns and Climate Forcing over the Past Six Centuries'" Nature 430 July 1, 2004, p. 105.   I've run it through Nature's search engine but haven't found it. http://search.nature.com/search/?sp-q=McIntyre%2C+S.+and+R.+McKitrick+%282004%29.+%22Materials+Complaint+Concerning+%27Global+Scale+Temperature+Patterns+and+Climate+Forcing+over+the+Past+Six+Centuries%27%22+Nature+430+July+1%2C+2004%2C+p.+105.+&sp-x-9=cat&sp-s=date&sp_a=sp1001702d&sp_sfvl_field=subject%7Cujournal&sp_t=results&sp_x_1=ujournal&sp_p_1=phrase  Does anyone actually have access to the text? I also note that there isn't a volume number which should be cited as follows: Current issue : Volume 442 Number 7103  Are you talkin' to me?  I don't have access to the Nature article.  I guess you'll have to make a trip to the library. :p  Waxy
Giving thats its a fairly general global warming debate...  The overall consensus (regardless of who's consensus we're using;)) is that global warming is happening, and there is some pretty disasterous results predicted because of this. However, if humans are responsible for the rapid increase, surely it would make more sense to direct as much funding as possible to deal with these rather than risk going primarily on prevention when its not known whether its possible to undo the damage/reverse the trend?  "As much funding as possible?" What does that mean, exactly? Funnel money away from other areas we need it? I mean, sure, we could eliminate every domestic and foreign military spending item the US engages in and put our entire national budget into dealing with global warming if we wanted to. But would that really be wise? I don't think the issue with much of anyone is whether it should be funded to ANY degree, but rather how far we're willing to go with it. What people don't get sometimes is that the US is already pouring MORE into environmental issues such as dealing with greenhouse gas emissions than any other nation in the world. We'd have to directly shut down oil companies (which would be a fascist thing to do) in order to truly force the US to stop using oil, and the ramifications of such a sudden action on our economy by doing that would do worse to the environment than anything.  however unless serious effort is made to drastically reduce existing greenhouse gas levels as well as the rates they are being produced then its not going to make a lot of difference when something like New Orleans 2 occurs.   Other than forcing the public to change by big-brother efforts, what other 'efforts' could be taken? It's not like people in the US don't know we need to be less dependent on oil. We could as a nation, I suppose, make symbolic gestures like ratifying the kyoto protocol. But with the UN giving complete exemption to the 2nd largest greenhouse gas emmission source country in the world, and the fact the treaty heavily affects trade issues, it's pretty hard to take the UN seriously on it. And if we are serious about cutting emissions (we have, a lot, already), we don't need a Kyoto protocol to do that.
There are hundreds if not thousands of variables associated with our global climate to focus in on the man made factors as the cause of global warming is nothing less than irresponsible. Since the scientific community hasn't even got a handle on all the variables in the climate mechanics involved in climate change. Any climate model that is used is subject to exponential errors. Since the global climate is a dynamic system and the man made element is minute it is not possable for man to be the only culprateif at all. The climate mechinisums may take time to catch up to the extra load but it eventualy will. Our climate would have crashed a long time ago were it not dynamic.
Or a natural rising of the temprature as has happened from the beginning of time. Remember that the temp. was apx. 6 degrees hotter 600 years ago just before the mini ice age that we could be coming out of. I would not be so quick to cry wolf. Since the global warming crowd isn't calling for a global reduction of green house gasses just in the US who has done more for the reduction of emissions than any other country. This would indicate that this is political science not actual science..
Yes but for what reason? it is not enough to merely claim that the temperature is rising by natural causes - what causes? Increased solar luminosity? Decreased intersolar dust? Reduction in albedo? Massive volcanic emmisions? Temperatures dont just "rise" au naturel As far as I can see, the onus is upon the non anthropogenic crowd to find a suiatble cause for the rise in earthly temperature.   Do you deny that the earths atmosphere has changed temp. over the course of history?  I'm sorry but this is XXXX. The US is the largest per capita emitter of CO2 in the world, so has to make the biggest cuts. All developed countries and some semi-developed countries are going to need to make cuts in emissions, and find non-polluting ways of developing. I'm not sure where this "done more than... any other country" thing comes from. How are you measuring that exactly?  Do you deny that the US has since the 70's have cut emissions by 90%. If the global warming crowd were truly interested in cutting emissions than everyone should be subject to reduction not a select few. Why aren't the global warming crowd calling for constructive change like getting away from fossel fuels for power production and going nuclear as France and Japan have done? Or dose that make to much sense. We could cut emissions and save fuel by going to diesel and standard transmissions. Diesel will give you apx 20% plus savings in fuel and add a standard you could get it up to 25% and more. And why do the Global warmers deny that this could be natural ? May be because it is not in their political intrests.
I'm talking about CO2 emissions, what are you talking about? The US has most certainly not cut CO2 emissions since the 70s. It has cut levels of certain carcinogenic pollutants in vehicle and industry emissions, but so has every other western country that I'm aware of, and those emissions have naff all to do with climate change.  Well co2 is less than 5% man made this is where I have the problem since the system is dynamic not static. Do you agree? That the system is dynamic it will adjust to the increase and over time and stablize.   The problem with nuclear is that it is expensive, unsustainable and dangerous. Uranium is not all that common and the projections I've seen suggest that increased consumption could lead to uranium running low fairly quickly. Then we have to deal with the safe and secure disposal of substantial quantities of nuclear waste, which is not easy either. A much better approach is to pursue consistent forms of renewable energy, such as tidal and wave power, as well as enough of a surplus of wind and solar to offset the intermittency problems. Energy efficiency can also go a long way to cutting energy use - triple glazed windows, wall and roof insulation are all part of the solution, as is the switch to much more efficent electric vehicles.  Nuclear isn't as expensive as you may think. The only reason that it is expensive is that each plant was designed individualy for it's perticular area. All that need be done is to standard design a plant that will go any where. Cutting out desinger plants and as France did where all plants are the same. Uranium is very common in the 40's we stopped mining uranium because we had so much of it that mining any more was useless. Have you ever heard of radon gas? It is every where, do you know what it is it is a by product of uraniun as it decomposes. And nuclear power is not dangerious where did you get that from. I have been around Nuclear power for 40 years and have designed and worked on the plants. Lets give you a perspective on that type of power, did you know that 1 uranium pellet (which is the size of a thimble )would power NY city for 48 hours, to do the same with coal it would take 600 railroad cars full of coal.We have a secure area to despose of the waste it's in a salt dome in the mid west. Tidal, wind and solar yep as long as it's in your back yard. They tried to do the wind 20 miles off the coast of MA Teddy, Kerry and a bunch of other dems squached that. Solar hasn't come of age and tidal can you see the environmental impact of that..
Yes solar does work well for heating water.And has not come of age as photo-voltaic cells also you have to cover huge areas of land to generate even small amounts of energy. Wind has its problems with being unsightly, and the dangers to migratory birds. Chernobyl was a very substandard design the USSR built the plant with no reguard for safety. They had no containment building around the reactor vessel, and they used sodium fill control rods which is dangreous. The plants in the US were built with safety as the most important factor in the design and every plant was designed from scratch with tripple redundancy on all catagory 2, 3 and 4 systems. In fact since the 3 mile island incident the plants are even safer. There were design flaws in the reactor core that were identified. It was found that the reaction could be stoped by physical means rather than mechanical by opening the fuel rod tollerences.  The impact from tidal, I would think any effected to those areas would affect the animals who rely on the tides for there very existance.
No of course not. The global highstand of the cretaceous is attributed to the outgassing of Deccan traps, and a certain impact no doubt helped - but this is an example of where we know a reason why the global temp was high. There is no plausible explanation for the current trend other than human causes.   Cause and effect, very simple!  And that we are in a mini ice age that started apx.600 years ago dropping the temp around 6 degrees has nothing to do with a cyclical warming that comes after ice ages taking us out of an ice age? And that the temp rose in the first half of the twenith century faster than the last half says nothing..I suppose you can give a cause for all the ice ages and warming trends through out time? Listen no one knows all of the intricacies involved in global warming or the mechanics involved in our ecosystem. To say that man is the cause with out any solid proof which could take away from the real cause which may yet to be determined.. There are hundreds of variables in our ecosystem that work on our global climate to isolate just one and determine that that is the cause because it isn't anything else, especialy since no one really understands all the variables involved is irrisponsable at best.
You would need a sea of wind generators to replace 1 power plant. Remember with a power plant you make power wheather the wind blows or not. Also when you put these wind generators up you'll have a hell of a fight trying to install them in coastal waters with the environmentalists, fishermen, and anyone that lives near the coast will fight tooth and nail as they did on cape cod. And if you want to put them on land no one will want them with in ear or eye shot. With power plants you can hide them out of the way with these turbines they will be visable.
There is no plausible explanation for the current trend other than human causes.  How about that big ball of flaming gas that we call the sun burning hotter now than it ever has for the last 60 years.   Apparently it's not only the Earth that's experiencing climate change.  http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/mgs/newsroom/20050920a.html  http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v428/n6985/abs/nature02470.html  http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2002/pluto.html  Mars, Jupiter and Pluto also seem to be experiencing some climate change. But naturally this kind of stuff wasn't put into the grand global warming report because it might confuse the reader with making up his mind on such a simple concept as global warming.  Now are we as humans so arrogant to think that everything that happens anywhere is because we made it happen?  And when it comes to science that is being disputed, more than half of the time the majority is wrong. (the Earth is not flat, it is possible to go faster than the speed of sound, there are no WMD's etc.)
Any links to accounts of increses solar luminosity or temperature?# http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2004/07/18/wsun18.xml&sSheet=/news/2004/07/18/ixnewstop.html  Granted, the Daily Telegraph isn't really the best news source that's available, but the quality of the source does not in any way diminish the content of the research.  We also have to take into account the solar cycles. Each cycle last about 10-11 years and right now we are nearing the bottom of one of these cycles. This means that for the last couple of years we were at the top (peak was around 2001-2002), which was marked with more sunspots, more solar flares and more solar irradiance.  http://solarscience.msfc.nasa.gov/SunspotCycle.shtml  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_cycle  I also read somewhere that Earths orbit around the sun is slighter tighter now than it was before, and being closer to the sun can't really help with this whole climate change thing. I can't seem to find the article anywhere at the moment, but I'll look for it later and post it here.   Science generally follows the evidence Science yes, people no.
I posted a rather lengthy reply, but it had a bad word in it, so the admin removed the entire post. Sorry but I can't be bothered to write it all out again.
  The problem with using the torygraph as a source is that it mixes the views of scientists with the ramblings of the insane like David Bellamy, it's headlines and commentary bear no relation to the facts it is reporting. Nobody suggests that the sun has no effect, but to deny, as Bellamy does, that CO2 emissions are causing significant warming is frankly delusional.  Nobody with an open mind on the causes of global warming (including human impact) should be persuaded by this sort of fallacious 'reasoning'. It brings ad hominem and other opinionated irrelevancies into the discussion that distract from the points at issue.   James.
Wind turbines need to be placed in prominent positions to work efficiently. That makes them visually dominant, Jo may find them attractive, I'm sure some people find oil refineries make romantic views, the fact remains they turn a rural, natural landscape into an industrial one. There's a farm off Rhyl, you can see the turbines from Llandudno to Talacre, people have to live with them 24-7 and they are awful to see. I assure you I have absolutely nothing to do with the nuke industry and my membership of Greenpeace is fully paid up.
I don't see how an 11 year solar cycle can account for the top ten hottest years on record all being since 1990. Nobody claims that climate change will mean each year will be hotter than the last, only that average temperatures will rise over time.  Actualy there are longer cycles like ice age cycles. You are probably right on the 11 solar cycle. Though there are more cycles that for their length in time may not be readily apparent in the cause of global warming. To rush to judgment when all the facts aren't in is irresponsible you are more interested in affixing blame than to get to the truth and address the problem.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_activity There is a cycle that lasts for several centuries and astronomers are saying we're heading into the declining phase of the current cycle meaning solar activity will drop towards the end of the decade. Historically this is what the little Ice Age was caused by in the 17th century. If you scroll down the link to Global Warming you can see where Carbon in the atmosphere deviates from the pattern set by the Solar cycle around 1900.
If you want ALL the facts you'll be waiting till the end of time. The link between CO2 emissions and warming is a matter of basic quantum physics, it's not just a statistical link. We know that CO2 has an effect on warming. We can estimate the magnitude of that effect. The current modelling takes into account the other known factors, and the calculated effects of CO2 and matches the historical data pretty well. Certainly extrapolation can be a bit of a problem, but only if there is reason to believe the factors involved will alter substantially over the coming years.  With out facts it is just a guess and in a dynamic system having the facts is essential to any model. Reasons; with a dynamic system the co2 effect could be negligible or negated by other factors. Since in a dynamic system everything is in flux one effect canceling another out , another effect exagerating something else, one effect rushing to cancel out another, etc. It's like trying to hit the lottery with out all the factors to be able to develop a logorithum so you can win, at this point it's still a wild guess?
Frankly I'm always quite amazed that people are willing to believe the 100 year forecast of a bunch of scientists when they can't even give me a good 1 year forecast. Don't think that any of these scientists is willing to give us a prediction about whether or not the next couple of summers are going to be hot, mild or cold. But the 100 year forecast is a sound as it's going to be.  30 years ago, when all the science was in, the worlds leading scientists claimed that we were going to have global cooling and that we'd all freeze to death. Funy how that didn't work out.  Fact is that the climate always changes, its has done so long before humans were around and it will do so long after we're gone. But as usual mankind is so arrogant to think that there is such a thing as "normal weather" and that the Earth should always be a constant 21 degrees Celsius. Any deviation from this constant room temperature is not only strange, but also unnatural and unwanted. And if the climate does change, then naturally it's our fault. There is of course no way that the planet's climate can change without it being caused by the masters of the universe, Man. Things like a big ball of nuclear fusion 1.3 million times the size of Earth couldn't possibly affect our climate. The more logical conclusion would be that we humans did it.  I've also noticed that global warming denial is coming close to Holocaust denial. Naturally any real discussion about the how, what and why is not permitted and any voice of dissent is quickly ridiculed and silenced.  It's a brave new world people, let's all just sit and count the hours untill our governments introduce the eco-tax. You know, to protect ourselves from ourselves.
Evidently Holland is some way behind the UK here, eco-tax hit airlines at the start of Feb with the promise of more to come from the next budget and the Tories are also hinting that that's the road they'll go down... Socialism is truely dead, forget paying tax vs. what you earn, pay vs. what you burn...
 I've also noticed that global warming denial is coming close to Holocaust denial. Naturally any real discussion about the how, what and why is not permitted and any voice of dissent is quickly ridiculed and silenced.  Climate change is happening (the climate is never static) but the degree to which man-made pollution is responsible or whether we are in a position to do more than damage limitation, are not questions settled beyond dispute. Anyone who draws attention to the unknowns or to the hysterical shrillness of eco-fundamentalism, is abused as a mere stooge on the payroll of Big Business.  Of course the sooner the gullible public is persuaded that the debate is over, the sooner measures that could transform the Western capitalist economy into an agrarian age can be put into effect.  James.
Climate change is happening (the climate is never static) but the degree to which man-made pollution is responsible or whether we are in a position to do more than damage limitation, are not questions settled beyond dispute. Anyone who draws attention to the unknowns or to the hysterical shrillness of eco-fundamentalism, is abused as a mere stooge on the payroll of Big Business.  Of course the sooner the gullible public is persuaded that the debate is over, the sooner measures that could transform the Western capitalist economy into an agrarian age can be put into effect.  James.  I'm not so sure that I want to go back to farming. Since we in the US grow more food than we could ever consume. And I realy have farmed..
If one believes the hype, If global warming continues, coastal areas will flood and all the people who voted for Al Gore in 2000 or who were confused by a butterfly ballot would be under water.  What is the downside of Global Warming?
  If you go messing around with our gulf stream, a lot of us pinko commie Europeans are going to be coming to move in next door and force real football on you. That'll learn yer.  The horror!
Climates change!
A lot of scientists are also skeptic as to the extent/magnitude that humans contribute to GW.
Gore's as big a hypocrite as his movie is a lie.  http://blog.nam.org/archives/2006/05/an_inconvenient.php  May 24, 2006  'An Inconvenient Truth': Does This Look Like Consensus to You?  Well, today's the big day we've all been waiting for (not!): the release of Al Gore's movie on global warming. Well, in truth, the film's pretty much been seen by all the liberal and Hollywood (redundant, we know) glitterati. Says the film's trailer, "If you live on this planet, if you love your children, you have to see this film." Hey -- wasn't that the trailer for "Over the Hedge"? Or was it "RV"? In any event, the film has rolled out to rave reviews by noted climatologists Sharon Stone and Garry Shandling. (Can Barbra be far behind...?) The film is the action version of a slide show that Gore has done some 1,000 times around the country, making us wonder if maybe the heat from the projector bulb isn't making matters worse. Throughout it all, at every interview, Gore repeats like a mantra that there is now scientific consensus about the so-called problem. And he has lots of friends in the press who lazily repeat the argument. What the hey -- it's a heckuva lot easier than making the case. And -- they voted for him, so they trust him, right?  But for those of you not who are content to accept consensus like so much pablum from the Fourth Estate -- or from Al Gore, we have done just a little simple checking and present a few dissenting views. While Al schmoozes with the big donors in the globally warm environs of Cannes, let us present some cold, hard facts:  -- In a new study from the National Center for Policy Analysis entitled, "Climate Science: Climate Change and Its Impacts", Dr. David Legates, the Delaware state climatologist, notes, "Global warming alarmists have attributed increases in hurricanes, floods, droughts, tornadoes, hail storms and heat waves to global warming caused by human activities. However, the evidence does not support their claims." This study was the subject of a great op-ed in the Wall Street Journal's Opinion Journal yesterday by Former Delaware Governor Pete DuPont. In it, DuPont cites some very strong evidence of improved environmental data and presents some scientifically-based skepticism about the various global warming claims. He also points out that on the first Earth Day in 1970, the New York Times predicted "intolerable deterioration and possible extinction" for humans due to pollution. Indeed, says DuPont, one environmentalist, Paul Ehrlich, predicted that 4 billion people (including 65 million Americans) would die from famine in the 80's. And yes, he meant the nineteen eighties. Hysteria is nothing new -- after all, it sells papers.  -- A few days ago, we mentioned the new study by the Business and Media Institute entitled, "Fire and Ice", which pretty well documented the on-again, off-again claims by various pundits and media about global warming, cooling, and warming over the past 80 years or so.  -- The Marshall Institute has done extensive work on the topic as well, publishing a book last year entitled, "Shattered Consensus:The True State of Global Warming," a collection of ten essays on global warming, that, the Institute says, covers "the earth's temperature history and disparities between what has been predicted about climate change and what has actually been observed.  -- Our friend Bob Carter, whom we've written about and who has commented in this space before, from Down Under, sent us this link and this link to sites that are loaded with articles and research essentially poking holes not in the ozone but in Al Gore's premise.  -- Finally, the Competitive Enterprise Institute website has a section dedicated to global warming, with some papers and articles as well as links to other like-minded groups like the Center for Science and Public Policy, GlobalWarming.org, CO2 Science and World Climate Report, the latter a blog dedicated to this topic.  The fact is we have not made this our life's work, like Al Gore has apparently done. We don't have access to Gore's resources and we're not running for anything. What we have is a healthy skepticism, a blog and access to Google. It doesn't take long to find these sites, all of which are filled with information and science that debunks the global warming hysteria.  At the end of the day, we believe that folks are entitled to their opinions. But they ought to be informed. Of late, the public has been subjected to nothing short of a carpet bombing of information from the left on global warming, all in the name of consensus. We just wanted to provide a little balance to this debate. As you watch the Gore-mania unfold these days, and hear all the fantastic claims, we note the many resources cited above and ask the question posed at the outset:  "Does this look like consensus to you?"  [Update] : More links have come in from readers today. Here's a page from the Association of British Drivers. Here's a link to a good piece in the National Review noting that Antarctica is actually gaining ice, due to a cooling trend, and Here's a letter to Canadian Prime Minister Harper-- signed by 60 scientists -- warning him that climate change is "poorly understood." Finally, here's an article from the (UK) Telegraph), blaming it all on a hotter sun.   Posted by Pat Cleary at May 24, 2006 7:26 AM
I think that Gore believes in his message. I think that people are failing to consider the fact that Gore is part of the upper/ruling class, so he has the right to all the energy he needs. The idea is not for HIM to change. The idea is to get the middle and lower class folks to change. They are using WAY too much energy to heat thier homes, cook their food, drive to and from work, etc... Gore needs that energy to heat his pool. Greenhouse gas reductions require sacrifice. The american upper class does NOT DO sacrifice.  Talk about accepting the class you were born into... You must be a european to believe as you do. You see, we don't have Royals in the USA or a class system so Algore is no different from the rest of the unwashed masses he preaches to as he flies on Private Jets. He's a hypocrite, plain and simple. And a liar too. Can you or anyone else prove we aren't in a natural weather cycle that will complete its rotation of Global Warming even if man annihilates himself ?
Kennedys? Hello? Where have you been the past 40 years?     Are you kidding me? America is very much a class society, granted a fluid one but a class society nontheless.  emoticon_xdonno The Kennedy's are lowlife scumbags who treat this Country like their own personal junkyard. They're not respected or honored as anything more than spoiled rotten rich brats who use and abuse those around them. If I was one I would change my name and disown my heritage.   And anyone here can lift themselves out of poverty and raise their station in life. It just takes work and a good idea. That isn't a Class System culture as still exists throughout Europe and Asia.
In 2005, the US National Academy of Sciences, in a joint statement with other national science academies, warned sea-level could rise by between 4 and 35 inches over the next century.  The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicts sea levels will rise by between 8 and 17 inches by 2100, revising down their previous estimates.  The UN's estimates incorporate into their model that a) atmospheric methane concentrations will rise. But they stopped rising about 10 years ago. b) that the surprisingly fast rate at which Greenland was shedding ice would continue. But this process not only stopped, it reversed in 2006 - 2007, according to a report published in Science magazine this February.  But Al Gore tells us that sea levels could rise by 20 feet in the near future, a baseless claim designed to frighten the ignorant public about global warming, in the same way they were about the Y2k bug.  In comparison, sea levels rose 6 - 8 inches during the 20th century. The world was not destroyed.  Any warming which takes place due to increases in greenhouse gases should a) warm the poles more than the tropics b) warm night-times more than daytimes c) By reducing the disparity between hot and cold pockets of air, reduce the tendency for extreme weather conditions, which occur when hot and cold fronts meet.  But journalists and politicians baselessly attribute floods, droughts, hurricanes and extreme storm conditions, which have occurred for long before mankind ever existed, to global warming. Even though there is no evidence that the rate at which they are occurring is increasing, and the only reason this may seem to be the case is because of more comprehensive reporting of global events.
If only we had been more agressive with the CO2 emissions we could have raised the sea level and prevented that cruise ship from striking a rock and sinking in the Med. Indeed, there might have been no Exxon Valdez if we had only consumed more energy. Think of the Otters that could be alive to day!   Does sea level ever actually change? I mean, it is SEA level. Where e're the see be, there be the sea level. I don't think sea level rises so much as land level falls. That means as global warming continues, mountain climbing will become progressively easier.   The Atlantic OCean used to cover much of the SE US up to the city of Macon, GA, so the ocean has one hell of a long way to go. But if the sea does return to that previous level, the ocean will be much closer to my house, I will use less fossil fuels to get there, so hey! Another benefit!
 Temperatures Head For Record Low  The Atlanta Journal-Constitution  Published on: 04/06/07  Hippity-hoppity, a freeze is on its way.  Temperatures possibly dipping as low as 26 degrees Saturday night could have the Easter Bunny looking a little blue from the cold. The high on Sunday is expected to be only in the mid-50s, with gusty winds, according to the National Weather Service.  Freeze warnings are in effect as far south as Americus from 2 a.m. to 9 a.m. Saturday and Sunday, the Weather Service said. The warning means low temperatures are likely to affect vegetation.  The freezing temperatures would come about a week later than the normal last freeze of spring across metro Atlanta, the Weather Service said.   Global warming is a serious (chuckle) threat facing (tee hee) the next....BwhAAA HAAAA HAAAA HAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!
I would suggest this website:  http://www.americanthinker.com/2007/02/numerical_models_integrated_ci.html  It details why there is so much discrepancy by scientists.  However to answer the question about Venus, you might look at the distance to the sun, the solar radiation, the kinds of radiation, and the cloud cover, the gravity, atmospheric pressure, etc. Bringing it up simply is a non parallel example and serves little purpose.  Huck
The height of the spring tide in Liverpool bay is 7 inches higher now than previously recorded. If you think CO2 is not a factor how do you explain Venus?   Of course its a factor. The issue isn't whether its a factor, the issue is whether man made climate changes are so extraordinarily large and disastrous that we need to take extreme and costly measures to combat it, what effect those measures will have, and whether the difference is worth the cost.  But as for Venus, the reason its so hot isn't because its atmosphere is made of CO2 (many other gases have a much more powerful greenhouse effect). It's so hot because its atmosphere is 90 times denser than our own
Of course its a factor. The issue isn't whether its a factor, the issue is whether man made climate changes are so extraordinarily large and disastrous that we need to take extreme and costly measures to combat it, what effect those measures will have, and whether the difference is worth the cost.  But as for Venus, the reason its so hot isn't because its atmosphere is made of CO2 (many other gases have a much more powerful greenhouse effect). It's so hot because its atmosphere is 90 times denser than our own  Yeah and the sulfuric acid might affect it a little too. Meanwhile back here on Earth, the weather reports in the North East are predicting it will be colder on Easter Sunday than it was on Christmas day. We got 10 inches of snow 2 days ago and it's been in the 20s ever since. This isn't global warming folks, it's the last days of this Age. And the weather is going to get more unpredictable, Volcanoes and Earthquakes will continue to increase, and natural catastrophes and pestilence such as never been seen before will take place, and then the end will come. So, welcome to the end of the Age folks. :) Our redemption draweth nigh.
Good to be grounded by reality, eh?  :) Yes it is. Understanding what is coming and why is a wonderful thing. The bible is like having access to tomorrows news today.
 Volcanoes and Earthquakes will continue to increase, and natural catastrophes and pestilence such as never been seen before will take place  What do you mean continue to increase? Earthquakes and volcanoe eruptions have steadily declined for billions of years, the only reason they may seem like they are becoming more common is because an earthquake in indonesia that kills 20 people actually makes the news now, unlike 30 years ago.
Here is something recent from an MIT professor. Please note that it is from a relative liberal university and liberal newssource:   Why So Gloomy?   Is there now permanent momentum behind the battle to fight global warming?   By Richard S. Lindzen Newsweek International April 16, 2007 issue - Judging from the media in recent months, the debate over global warming is now over. There has been a net warming of the earth over the last century and a half, and our greenhouse gas emissions are contributing at some level. Both of these statements are almost certainly true. What of it? Recently many people have said that the earth is facing a crisis requiring urgent action. This statement has nothing to do with science. There is no compelling evidence that the warming trend we've seen will amount to anything close to catastrophe. What most commentators-and many scientists-seem to miss is that the only thing we can say with certainly about climate is that it changes. The earth is always warming or cooling by as much as a few tenths of a degree a year; periods of constant average temperatures are rare. Looking back on the earth's climate history, it's apparent that there's no such thing as an optimal temperature-a climate at which everything is just right. The current alarm rests on the false assumption not only that we live in a perfect world, temperaturewise, but also that our warming forecasts for the year 2040 are somehow more reliable than the weatherman's forecast for next week.  A warmer climate could prove to be more beneficial than the one we have now. Much of the alarm over climate change is based on ignorance of what is normal for weather and climate. There is no evidence, for instance, that extreme weather events are increasing in any systematic way, according to scientists at the U.S. National Hurricane Center, the World Meteorological Organization and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (which released the second part of this year's report earlier this month). Indeed, meteorological theory holds that, outside the tropics, weather in a warming world should be less variable, which might be a good thing.  In many other respects, the ill effects of warming are overblown. Sea levels, for example, have been increasing since the end of the last ice age. When you look at recent centuries in perspective, ignoring short-term fluctuations, the rate of sea-level rise has been relatively uniform (less than a couple of millimeters a year). There's even some evidence that the rate was higher in the first half of the twentieth century than in the second half. Overall, the risk of sea-level rise from global warming is less at almost any given location than that from other causes, such as tectonic motions of the earth's surface.  Many of the most alarming studies rely on long-range predictions using inherently untrustworthy climate models, similar to those that cannot accurately forecast the weather a week from now. Interpretations of these studies rarely consider that the impact of carbon on temperature goes down-not up-the more carbon accumulates in the atmosphere. Even if emissions were the sole cause of the recent temperature rise-a dubious proposition-future increases wouldn't be as steep as the climb in emissions.  Indeed, one overlooked mystery is why temperatures are not already higher. Various models predict that a doubling of CO2 in the atmosphere will raise the world's average temperature by as little as 1.5 degrees Celsius or as much as 4.5 degrees. The important thing about doubled CO2 (or any other greenhouse gas) is its "forcing"-its contribution to warming. At present, the greenhouse forcing is already about three-quarters of what one would get from a doubling of CO2. But average temperatures rose only about 0.6 degrees since the beginning of the industrial era, and the change hasn't been uniform-warming has largely occurred during the periods from 1919 to 1940 and from 1976 to 1998, with cooling in between. Researchers have been unable to explain this discrepancy.  Modelers claim to have simulated the warming and cooling that occurred before 1976 by choosing among various guesses as to what effect poorly observed volcanoes and unmeasured output from the sun have had. These factors, they claim, don't explain the warming of about 0.4 degrees C between 1976 and 1998. Climate modelers assume the cause must be greenhouse-gas emissions because they have no other explanation. This is a poor substitute for evidence, and simulation hardly constitutes explanation. Ten years ago climate modelers also couldn't account for the warming that occurred from about 1050 to 1300. They tried to expunge the medieval warm period from the observational record-an effort that is now generally discredited. The models have also severely underestimated short-term variability El Nio and the Intraseasonal Oscillation. Such phenomena illustrate the ability of the complex and turbulent climate system to vary significantly with no external cause whatever, and to do so over many years, even centuries.  Is there any point in pretending that CO2 increases will be catastrophic? Or could they be modest and on balance beneficial? India has warmed during the second half of the 20th century, and agricultural output has increased greatly. Infectious diseases like malaria are a matter not so much of temperature as poverty and public-health policies (like eliminating DDT). Exposure to cold is generally found to be both more dangerous and less comfortable.  Moreover, actions taken thus far to reduce emissions have already had negative consequences without improving our ability to adapt to climate change. An emphasis on ethanol, for instance, has led to angry protests against corn-price increases in Mexico, and forest clearing and habitat destruction in Southeast Asia. Carbon caps are likely to lead to increased prices, as well as corruption associated with permit trading. (Enron was a leading lobbyist for Kyoto because it had hoped to capitalize on emissions trading.) The alleged solutions have more potential for catastrophe than the putative problem. The conclusion of the late climate scientist Roger Revelle-Al Gore's supposed mentor-is worth pondering: the evidence for global warming thus far doesn't warrant any action unless it is justifiable on grounds that have nothing to do with climate.  Lindzen is the Alfred P. Sloan Professor of Meteorology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His research has always been funded exclusively by the U.S. government. He receives no funding from any energy companies. 
Except that I can see the holes in his argument, for example the supposed "discrepancies" before 1976 when the earth cooled slightly HAVE been explained, not least by the effect of air pollution.  That does little to indict the article. This man is pretty well respected in his field. Indeed, the problem I see is that there is the claim that the same pollutants cause both cooling and warming.  Huck
Who says it's the same pollutants? I'm talking about things like sulphur released from burning high sulphur content coal, which leads to both cooling and acid rain. The clean air legislation in western countries did a lot to reduce this sort of pollution, but little to combat CO2 emissions.  So, if we increase the amount of sulphur in the atmosphere, that would seem to combat the problem. It seems as if environmentalists who lobbyed for such reforms are the ones actually responsible for global warming emoticon_xangel   (a little tongue in cheek humor)  Anyway, it is irrelevant. I would tend to believe the authority "Lindzen is the Alfred P. Sloan Professor of Meteorology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His research has always been funded exclusively by the U.S. government. He receives no funding from any energy companies." He is far from biased and seems to provide reasonable argumentation even though the article is not a complete review of his work (it only hits the highlights). It is certainly peer reviewed info and he is highly respected in his field.  Huck r
Just because he's not biased doesn't mean he's not wrong.  Quite correct, but I am far more likely to believe him than you. He has more credibility. The argument therefore has more weight.  It is possible he is wrong, but the evidence and analysis are pretty strong.  Huck
No he isn't. He's generally regarded as a maverick and a conspiracy theorist. But that's not a reason to disregard his work, it's a reverse argument from authority.  He once offered to bet any other climatologist that temperatures would lower in the next 20 years. When Dr. James Annan offered to take the bet, Lindzen said it would be at 50:1 in his own favour. Obviously Annan didn't take it.  No...Lindzen often complains that funding for anti-anthropocentric global warming research is drying up due to a huge conspiracy in the scientific and commercial sectors. It's not. It's drying up because most of science found that the anthropocentric nature of global warming was overwhelmingly likely by the beginning of this decade.  Incidentally, I'm baffled by the line of thought that is willing to take Lindzen at his word but discounts the vast majority of scientists who say that global warming IS caused by man. Why accept one view and not the other?  Can you please provide a source for your anecdotal claims? I tend to give credance to a professor at MIT.  Huck
He is a professor of meterology, however, not of climatology. The fact that he is at MIT is largely irrelevant when he speaks outside his area of expertise. The bet is fairly well known, though I hadn't connected it with this particular scientist. The blog from which the issue arose appears to be here: http://www.reason.com/news/show/34976.html  The blog you cite as reference here labels him as a climatologist and states that they were in error and misinterpreted the 50:1  Reporting on the climate change debate is not for sissies. For example, one line in an article I wrote back in November discussing the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment triggered a furor among climate change bloggers. I reported a bet by MIT climatologist Richard Lindzen that in 20 years global average temperatures would be lower than they are now. This "bet" circulated as blogfodder in climatological circles. *   Subsequently, James Annan, who works with the Data Assimilation group at the Frontier Research Center for Global Change, noted the "bet" and emailed Lindzen about setting up an actual bet. Annan and Lindzen engaged in an exchange but were unable to settle on a mutually acceptable bet. Annan summarizes their exchange on his blog, claiming that Lindzen would take only 50 to 1 odds on global temperatures in 20 years being lower than they are now.   Obviously, I feel responsible for getting this whole thing started. I contacted Lindzen, who insisted that I had misquoted him. Given the rancor that sometimes accompanies the debate over climate change I try to be very careful about what I report. I've looked again at the notes of my phone interview with Lindzen and they say what I reported in my November column. At this point, I can only conclude that when I was taking down my notes during our conversation, I somehow misheard or misunderstood Lindzen. My mistake.   Huck
 May I ask, is it just MIT, or are there other universities whose word you might take?  Outside the community of professional scientists and engineers, most people are not equipped, by their education, to evaluate the findings and predictions of scientific inquiries. Many people are obliged to take a great deal on trust - which is why a professor at a highly respected (i.e. trustworthy) institution such as MIT is likely to get a deferential hearing from the media and general public.   James.
Well quite. But then again majority concensus is that global warming is [at least in part] man-made. The trouble is that dissenting views are so much more interesting so they get an unequal share of the spotlight. It makes it look like there's significant doubt that GW is man-made. There really isn't.   A consensus isn't necessarily correct. There used to be a majority consensus (among the educated) that earth was at the centre of the universe.  Arguably if people are just taking these things on trust and not actually evaluating sources, they shouldn't be debating the subject in the first place. What you're demanding here would exclude the "average person" from having an opinion about almost anything outside his personal experience.   Nearly all of our knowledge is "second-hand". We must rely on the expertise of specialists not only for scientific information but for accurate information about almost everything else. How many people who know something about political history have consulted Magna Carta in the Latin original?  James.
But that was an assumed consensus rather than one that was scientifically arrived at (indeed when it was scientifically approached by Aristarchus in the 3rd century BC he did grasp the fact that our solar system was heliocentric at the very least - a point that became consensus amongst the educated and beliefs in geocentricity were very much more popular amongst the uneducated). With the scientific tools we have now (and the use of independent work from different disciplines) consensus is a different animal.  The Ptolemaic consensus could be described as resulting from the best "science" available during the period of its credibility. But my point was meant to express a sceptical attitude towards consensus whether ancient or modern.   I'm not demanding anything. I would say that one should be in possession of the facts before forming an opinion though. That seems self-evident.  What does it mean to "possess" a fact? Does it mean that by personal investigation one has acquired certain knowledge that such and such is the case? Or does it mean that - particularly in fields of scientific inquiry - one has reason to believe the facts as presented by some authority or other? I suggest that we cannot avoid deferring to an authority to vouch for the reliability of many facts about matters which we cannot verify for ourselves.   There's a difference between second hand knowledge and just 'taking their word for it'. Since Lindzen is regarded as a bit of a quack by much of his profession, I submit that it's even more important to check his "facts" rather than submitting to authority.  I don't know whether you are correct when you say that Lindzen is regarded as a "quack". Are you claiming that he has invented some "facts" to suit his case, or that he has the same objective information about the climate as other scientists, but has interpreted it in a way that affronts the consensus?   James.
Indeed. But I think it's fair to draw a distinction between a consensus largely drawn from philosophy (that the Universe is neater if we're at the centre) and that of the scientific method.   Ptolemy's system was a mathematical structure that was observationally adequate as late as the 16th century and not much more complex than the Copernican successor.   Well that's the burning question isn't it? I'll tell you what it doesn't mean. It doesn't mean picking the one maverick scientist whose claims support your prejudices.  Even his one time co-author Daniel Kirk-Davidoff has spent his time rebutting Lindzen. Lindzen doesn't deal much in facts anymore, he deals in unfounded claims that his maverick stance has resulted in his funding being cut in an effort to silence him. In fact it's been cut because his field of study is about as much use as a chocolate fire-guard. Scientific progress often depends on the maverick or nay-sayers who challenge a prevailing consensus. Without such dissenters science would stagnate. I don't know enough about Lindzen's hypotheses to rebut your assurance that he doesn't deal in facts anymore. Perhaps Huck - who cited him in the first place - does. In any case, I don't think he's the "one maverick scientist whose claims support my prejudices".   Why do you describe a sceptical view of (unqualified) anthropogenic global warming as a "prejudice"? I assume you're aware that the current orthodoxy on climate change is itself a provisional conjecture.   James.
Well quite. But then again majority concensus is that global warming is [at least in part] man-made.   However, there is a great deal of consensus that it is "cow-made"  The modeling done by global warming advocates requires a great deal of assumptions. That is the point behind the professors argument. If you can show me where those assumptions are not really being made then I would likely be more willing to listen. he is not the only one with this position. The NOAA is on board with such. So are more than half of the european, australian and asian (as a group) universities.  I do not simply rely on one expert and I am not uneducated.
[As promised - a little rushed I'm afraid as I don't have much time today. It gives a flavour at least, I think (and I managed to keep it short!).]  That "various models" [unspecified] predict something, other than what has happened, is a strawman. Apart from anything else, the variables involved make it difficult to be more specific than 'the trend is towards warming'. The sea, for instance, acts as a huge heat sink. But the main reason why predictions are so mercurial is that we can't account for cloud formation and cover. Either way, gathering all models together and then claiming that there are discrepancies is sleight-of-hand, Tommy Cooper style.  Cooling period 1940's - 70's - one would have to be willfully ignoring the facts not to note that this period represented a huge production of sulphate aerosols. The various clean air acts and better technology brought in to combat acid rain have lowered sulphate aerosol presence in the atmosphere - a presence which causes cooling.  The idea that warming won't be catastrophic simply boggles the mind! May you'll be alright, Jack, but what of sub-Saharan Africa?! Central Asia?! What, indeed, of the rise in sea-level? The loss of agricultural land? Most importantly, the loss of fresh water? Who in their right mind would take this gamble?  My fellow Alaskans and I would be quite happy to roll the dice.
My personal belief is that global warming should be more accurately labeled "climate change." I also believe this is a natural phenomenon and there is really not much we can do about it. The earth's climate has been through many changes.  However, I do have one question regarding man's impact on global warming. From what I understand, the greenhouse effect is a result of CO2 and other greenhouse gasses that have built up in our atmosphere. Normally, the rays from the sun hit earth and reflect back out into space. Because of these greenhouse gasses, more of the sun's rays are becoming trapped in our atmosphere instead of making it out to space. Therefore, the earth is heating.  If this is all true, wouldn't there be less rays reaching the earth in the first place? Wouldn't the greenhouse gasses block the rays coming in as well as going back out?
all this global warming garbage is just a bunch of political propaganda. global warming is just an excuse for the liberals to raise taxes on the people.
Turns out, scientists just found out that over the last 3-4 decades (the term of the Earth's warming since its last cooling) both the Earth and Mars have risen in average temperature 1/2 degrees celcius. Only difference is there are no human carbon emissions on Mars. This is further evidence that leads me to believe that human's impact on global warming is not near as significant as the environmentalist movement harps on and the sun actually has more to do with warming than we do. Anyone's thoughts?
Shhhhh, the global warming crowd don't want you to publish this kind of information, because it completely contradicts their man-made global warming myth.  But yeah, Mars is heating up and so are other planets. This is because the sun is hotter now tha it has been for the last 50 years. It's stands to reason that the sun is also the main reason why the Earth is warming up.  But the global warming corwd won't even acknowledge that this might be the case and they continue to argue that people have more effect on the Earth than that flaming ball of nuclear fusion 1.5 million times the size of the Earth.  Nobody ever said that Mankind was a rational race...
This is not where I read it initially but here is a reference. I'm still searching for the original.  http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/story.html?id=edae9952-3c3e-47ba-913f-7359a5c7f723&k=0   I have seen the hypothesis about the dust as well but the parallels with the Earth's temperature are too similar to me for me to not consider this.
I think there was something about the frequency of sunspots and warming. Like the more spots means more heat. I'll search.
Here's a link that shows that other planets are warming up too:  http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread221608/pg1  And here's one that hypothesizes that cosmic rays can cause global warming:  http://www.theage.com.au/news/world/warming-climate-blamed-on-cosmic-rays/2007/02/12/1171128899045.html   BTW if CO2 causes global warming, why did the Earth cool off in the period between 1940 and 1980 eventhough the CO2 output went through the roof?
A long-term increase in solar irradiance is heating both Earth and Mars. While CO2 gasses may have contributed to global warming, it is not the main factor.
All new consensus in science arise for challenging the opinions of experts in the field, if you want to remove that, you can say goodbye to any new findings in science.
Generally those challenges come from other scientists not from random punters on a message board touting opinion as it if it had any bearing on reality. What puzzles me is why non-climatologists would take a position contrary to the mainstream. Surely the best you could say is "I have no opinion"? Actually stating that you think the majority of climatologists are incompetent seems rather arrogant... I'd say it's arrogant:  a) to label designers of hypothetical mathematical computer models (i.e. computer programmers) as "climatologists" and  b) to somehow think that the same people who can't even accurately predict the weather for the next 2 weeks can predict the weather for the next 50 years and  c) to think that the majority is always right. I myself would settle for quality over quantity any day.  BTW, here's a list of some prominent scientists that used to be global warming activists, but are now sceptics:  http://www.speroforum.com/site/article.asp?idarticle=9469  These days it seems that anybody who isn't towing the party line about global warming is labelled and treated in the same way as some who questions certain aspects of the Holocaust.  Genuine debate isn't appreciated and the only thing that we are left with is emotionally laden soundbites. Don't believe in global warming? Well then you must be either an idiot or be payed off by Big Oil.  P.S. How many people here have read the entire UN report on global warming? I'm guessing not many, because if you did, you would know that the entire aspect of the possibility of the suns influence on our climate has been completely ignored.  Yeah, that's getting down to the facts alright.emoticon_rolleyes
Generally those challenges come from other scientists not from random punters on a message board touting opinion as it if it had any bearing on reality. What puzzles me is why non-climatologists would take a position contrary to the mainstream. Surely the best you could say is "I have no opinion"? Actually stating that you think the majority of climatologists are incompetent seems rather arrogant...  If you're unqualified to disagree with scientific findings, you're not qualified to agree with them either.  Incidentally the reason I reject creationism isn't because I have blind faith in majorities of scientists, but because their arguments are specious and available information doesn't support their position.  I find many of the arguments of the prophets of global warming specious too. They roughly amount to.  a) We should accept scientific consensus about global warming, because we aren't qualified to challenge it. Therefore global warming is true.  b) Because global warming is true, any scientist who challenges it is a crackpot or corrupt.   So what do we have, unquestioning faith in a belief system that we won't question ourselves or allow scientists to question without labelling them as moral or intellectual degenerates.  Truth doesn't need this kind of argument behind it, I don't see "evolutionists" telling creationists they're wrong because they disagree with consensus, they use data and reasoning... not character assassination and threats of what will happen if we don't believe,these sounds more like arguments to convince people of a religious belief. Believe or you'll be forced to live in a fiery world, heretics are morally corrupt people who know the Truth but deny it because they've made a deal with the devil. Don't question the Faith, only our leaders can interpret the Word for us.  Really?  http://www.architecture2030.org/imag...emperature.gif  Are you aware that the historical record shows the temperature rise occurring ~800 years PRIOR to the increase in CO2, indicating that it is not CO2 which is the cause of temperature change historically, but rather that temperature change is the cause of CO2 being released? Correlation does not equal causation, especially when the cause is occurring 800 years after its effect. But of course, I'm not a climate scientist, so let's just ignore the facts and instead buy into consensus as the sole arbiter of truth, swallowing whatever lies Al Gore wants to broadcast in the process.
Unless point 1 was intended to mean you don't believe climatologists exist (a point that your link refutes) then I think you may have meteorologists and climatologists confused. They don't even study the same thing. I was talking about scientists in general. These are the same guys that 30 years ago were convinced that we were going to have global cooling. And now 30 years later, which is basically 1 second later in Earth terms, the scientific community has done a 180. They use computer simulations to study climate change, but these computer models rely on an incredible amount of variables and I'm not convinced in any way that they managed to get all the variables right. I don't put that much faith in Mankinds ability to predict the future. I think it's rather arrogant to think that the human race has somehow figured out how our entire eco-system works. Especially considering the almost infinite number of variables that are involved. Contrary to popular belief, we are not the masters of the universe.  And how do you judge the quality of your list of climate luminaries...which includes TV personality David Bellamy... Oh I agree that some of them are ####, but a lot of them are not. And in my opinion if there is doubt amongst these people, then the phenomenon of global warming must be researched more thoroughly instead of just saying that it's a done deal.  The last sentence is dripping with irony given that you invoke Godwin's Law in the preceding one. Is that genuine debate? Or is it an emotionally-laden soundbite? Is it now forbidden to compare anything to what happened during WWII because of said law? Does even mentioning Godwin's Law automatically close off the debate?  How do you know it's been ignored. Well the catalyst for bringing global warming to the mainstream was the UN report. This report was touted as the most comprehensive study ever done on global warming. But surprise, surprise, the report didn't mention the suns influence on the Earth, past and present, at all. Now how can a report that is supposed to be "the most comprehensive study ever" not include the effect of a big flaming ball of nuclear fusion on the Earth? The answer is of course that this information was omitted because it didn't tow the party line of manmade global warming.  All of which ignores my point which was that - at the risk of argument from authority - on what basis are we arguing this? Are we better equipped than the scientists? Do we really have any option but to take their word for it given that they are the *experts*? First of all, I question everything, especially things that are being said by the government and their "experts". I don't fall for the dogma that the government knows best. When I look at all of human history, I rarely find a case where the government did something that was in the best interests of the people. Government is all about control. And people that are afraid are easy to control. Just give them something to be scared about (like terrorism or global warming) and tell the sheeple that the government will protect them, because the government knows best.  Secondly, even the rigged UN report says that there is a 90% chance that global warming is man made. So basically that leaves a 10% chance that it isn't man made. Yet we now are putting into place all kinds of rules, regulations and of course taxes eventhough we are not 100% or even 99% sure that we're the cause of global warming. We are getting way ahead of ourselves and we need to study the phenomemon more before we decide what to do. But to do that we need real debate on the subject and at this moment in time, that's not possible because anybody who doesn't believe in global warming is ridiculed as a crackpot, a loony or a henchman of Big Oil.
You can't possibly think that climate scientists missed this?! CO2 in the atmosphere is a positive feedback system. What you have stated does NOT indicate that CO2 is not the cause of temperature change. Moreso it indicates that CO2 is not THE cause. There are several.  Climate scientists are the ones who discovered this, about 5 years ago. The same climate scientists who are increasingly skeptical of global warming claims.  But of course the Global Warming propaganda machine didn't get the message, since they only rebroadcast information, even false information, that suits their message. It was well known before Al Gore lied about it in his documentary, and it was well known before unriggable rebroadcast it (I won't say "lied", because its likely he just saw it on tv and repeated it without bothering to check up on it). You probably never heard about it until now, since obviously any scientist revealing this kind of information is fringe-element crank you can just disregard.  And yes, that's right, it shows CO2 is not THE cause, and it destroys THE central piece of evidence for it even being A cause. Bear that in mind next time you assume that temperature changes MUST be due to CO2.  Generally those challenges come from other scientists not from random punters on a message board touting opinion as it if it had any bearing on reality. What puzzles me is why non-climatologists would take a position contrary to the mainstream. Surely the best you could say is "I have no opinion"? Actually stating that you think the majority of climatologists are incompetent seems rather arrogant...   Which is why I said the default should be 'I have no opinion'...except that's not really an option in this case.    So its arrogant to disagree with the "mainstream", because we're not qualified, but you think you are qualified to agree with the "mainstream". Are you trying to be ironic or is insulting anyone who disagrees with the global warming "consensus" all you have to support it?
A number of points spring to mind. Firstly, which scientists are you talking about? GW has been known about since the 19th century. Secondly, there was still widespread use of suplhur-based chemicals 30 years ago which DID cause cooling. Thirdly, whilst on the one hand people are talking about how ideas get turned over, in science, for better ones when better data and more accurate equipment becomes available, we seem to be exempting GW from the same courtesy. I'm talking about the scientific community at large. Newsweek and TIME magazine both did articles about it. And as for you sulfur argument, I suggest you look at the current industrial powerhouses India and China and see how much sulfur they still spew into the atmosphere. According to your logic the Earth should still be cooling because of it.  Why are you not convinced? Do you have some evidence that these people don't know what they're doing? It might well be quite complicated to work out *exactly* what's going to happen but doesn't it just stand to reason that pumping vast amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere would raise the temperature? Otherwise, what's your proposed mechanism for it not doing so? I suggest that we first take a more in depth look at the suns influence on the Earths climate before we start levying eco-taxes and start to take away more of peoples rights.  Arrogant? Is it arrogant to think we might know what happened fractions of seconds after the Big Bang? Or what goes on in the heart of a star? Or to model how things work at sub-atomic levels? Calling it arrogance is a weird sort of ad hominem against the whole of science. So if I question one part of science I question all of it? Talk about disingenious debate...  Well there aren't 'a lot of them'. I also have a working hypothesis that if one has to scrabble around to find "experts" to the extent of including honorary professors, mathematicians and (God help us!) engineers, that list is unlikely to be worth the bandwidth it's written on. Has it ever occurred to you that the vast majority of scientists get funding from the government and as such have a conflict of interest with regards to politicized science?   And you speak of arrogance?! Just when would you be satisified? I'll be satisfied when parties on both sides of the argument can be heard without one party being ridiculed by the other. Anybody who makes up their mind without hearing both sides of the argument is a fool.   No it wasn't. Unless you've been living in a cave, we've been talking about global warming in the mainstream since at least the '80's.  And what did we do about it in the 80's and 90's? Nothing. Only around the same time that UN report was released (give or take a few years) did national governments really start to act (Kyoto was a farce) and did the global warming movement get into high gear. These days it's all about CO2 (taxes), global warming, eco this, eco that, and of course my favourite, carbon trading. 5 Years ago that wasn't the case.  Possibly because we've known about that for about 150 years. The sun's effect in the way you're talking about runs in 21,000 year cycles - the warming we're seeing is far to quick to be its result. Actually the suns has many cycles, the most common one being the 10-11 years cycle.  And if you want quick warming how about 10.000 years ago when the Earths temperature rose 6 degrees Celsius in a decade.  Now we get to the crux of the matter. My own theory for why people question GW is *because* government has suddenly got involved. Immediately our authority aversion kicks in and we shy away from what governent believes. But that doesn't make sense. Scientists have been trying (with little success) since the '80's to get governments to take the GW threat seriously. Now, when the evidence points so firmly towards the manmade cause, they are finally doing so. And in the 70's they were convinced it was global cooling. So in the space of 5-10 years they do a complete 180. Yeah that'll instill my confidence in them.   BTW it was snowing in Stockholm recently. Imagine that, snow in the spring. That's warming alright.  I guess it still hasn't dawned on people that the Earth is still in the process of coming about of a bloody ice age.
 studied those positive feedback systems in A-level geography about 15 years ago. I know of at least one article from 10 years ago (- Annual Review of Energy and the Environment, 1997 edition, volume 22) that talks about this AND is talking about how it is a potentially catastrophic result of man's activities. They aren't new.   You're talking about something entirely different, how can the relationship between CO2 and Temperature hundreds of thousands of years ago be a "potentially catastrophic result of man's activities". I don't think you understand at all what the chart unriggable posted shows, and what it is supposed to show. This relationship wasn't known until ~5 years ago, so it certainly wasn't in your high school geography lessons.    So far I've seen a short list of people who dispute GW - even shorter if you take out the non-climatologists...and I've seen you, Symbiote, debate creationists before and I'm pretty sure you wouldn't accept that from them...  No, you're right, I don't accept a list of people who support something as an argument for it. Apparently you do, you think you should "go with the mainstream" and ignore alternative views while calling anyone who disagrees "arrogant", because this approach of blind faith in a majority of scientists is truly enlightened.
I'm saying that pouring more CO2 into the system is going to shift temperature.  Yes, you're saying that, but it's now known that the historical relationship doesn't show that. You really don't know whether jamming more CO2 in would affect temperature significantly at all, certainly in the amounts we're talking about reducing by imposing various emission standards and credit trading schemes.  I'm not quite sure which part of the correlation you're suggesting wasn't known about until 5 years ago.  The fact that historical CO2 trends follow historical temperature trends rather than lead them.  We've known about CO2 fluctuations for decades.   These aren't mere fluctuations, they are extremely large shifts in atmospheric CO2 concentrations mapping onto prior changes in temperature.  The mainstream (pretty much by definition I guess) has more data supporting it hence I (tentatively) accept it.  It doesn't have more data supporting it, and you already claimed you were unqualified to understand or interpret the data, and that to do so would be arrogant. You don't accept it because you have considered the data, you accept it because a) You believe blindly following majority opinion is the way to the Truth, and that the problem with Creationism isn't its faulty reasoning, its the failure to accept majoritarian science.  b) You believe that the risks of disbelieving global warming are high, and the benefits of disbelieving it few.  It's only now you've even mentioned considering the data. Certainly you haven't even considered your views in light of this data about global warming across the rest of the solar system.  What puzzles me (as I've asked you twice) is what other fringe views do you follow with such zeal?  What's your point? I don't have an ideology of "Follow mainstream views" or "reject mainstream views", I like to see some kind of logical argument for a conclusion. In the case of evolution, it is well supported by both evidence and reason, in the case of global warming, it is not. Why should rejecting global warming mean I also reject a whole lot of other science?  Actually here's one: The idea of "sunlight is bad for you, you should avoid it as much as possible", there's some interesting research in that area going on too. But of course, if we go by the "if the majority of scientists don't believe in it, those who do are 'fringe cranks' theory of knowledge", we shouldn't even bother considering such views.
The 'fact'?  Yes, the fact. The historical trend of CO2 following changes in temperature is now well established. How is it that you are concerned with the "data" but haven't even heard of this? Oh wait, its because you don't think you need data, since its arrogant to look at the facts yourself, better instead to rely on consensus.  If such data exists, why isn't it being published?  It is published, you just haven't heard of it before now, because it doesn't support the MMGW position.  Given the properties of CO2, the question has to be, how could it NOT raise the temperature?  Given the complexity of the climate system, how could you predict with any confidence that proposed restrictions on CO2 output would change the rate of climate change sufficiently enough to justify their costs. We're talking about obscene amounts of money, enough perhaps to cure AIDS, cancer, to develop the third world, but instead the imperative is to manipulate CO2 output in some way when it is unclear this manipulation will have much an effect at all.  My question is, given the dearth of data (or possibly research) supporting your position, why do you hold it.   That you aren't aware of published data doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
http://icebubbles.ucsd.edu/Publications/CaillonTermIII.pdf  I'm sure as a qualified scientist you can search for other articles which reference this, or go through the reference list yourself. Of course, I don't know if Science is peer reviewed, and it's one of the lesser read journals, so it's understandable you wouldn't have heard of it.  Quantum theory won't tell you whether the indefinite benefits of a carbon reduction scheme will outweigh the definite costs. I don't deny CO2 has some warming properties, so does water vapour, the question is: how much, how much do we expect a proposal to reduce output by on earth, and how much will it cost.
Quantum theory will tell you how much warming CO2 will produce  Ok then, how much?  Costing and quantifying reductions in carbon emissions is perfectly possible.  Ok, how many lives is it worth to effect an X% reduction in carbon emissions? You tell me. I mean we could eliminate modern industry virtually altogether, lose let's say a couple of billion people, mostly in the developing world, with a dramatic reduction in living standards for those remaining, and be left with just scattered CO2 emissions from burning of wood and animal dung, respiration.  What's the correct number of lives to sacrifice, so that on balance, the sum total of human happiness is greatest, perhaps just 100,000 from Africa, 50,000 from Asia, 20,000 from the West, get a 0.1C reduction in global temperature and be satisfied with that, or do you have more dramatic measures in mind?  Should other options be considered, or is human sacrifice the only scientific response to a potential environmental problem?   The journal article you linked to appears to refer to a single period a quarter of a million years ago and to the end of an ice age, it also points to a lag of 600-1000 years, so unless you want to associate the current CO2 level rise (which is far higher than that referenced in the article) with the mediaeval warm period you're not making a lot of sense.  You asked me to provide an article, I did so, now you've forgotten why you asked. I'm not suggesting CO2 rises now are because of the medieval warm period (perhaps some of them are, but certainly a lot are manmade), I'm suggesting the primary source of evidence for man-made global warming is no longer a source at all, it hasn't been since 2003, yet it still makes its way into Al Gore's documentaries and to this very thread as an apparent "proof" of CO2 as the driving force behind climate change.
You've provided one instance, a situation completely different to the present day, and no reason to suppose that this is the orientation of cause and effect in the current climate, which was very much what you implied previously  I didn't imply that previously, I was responding to a previous poster who linked to a graph showing correlation between CO2 and temperature over hundreds of thousands of years, indicating his belief this was a clear sign CO2 is and has always been the primary driver of global temperature, just as Al Gore does in his documentary. It has not been, historically the situaton has been reversed.  As for whether it is still the case now, that's a different question.  And since when did Mr. Free Market become concerned about the developing world?  Being in favour of the free market doesn't mean you hate the developing world, or the poor. I could just as easily claim that since you're a socialist you hate humanity.  I fail to see how getting power from renewable sources instead of fossil fuels need cost any lives.  If you ignore the costs of fighting global warming you will be unable to come to any rational conclusion about what should be done about it. Any increase in costs of living will cost lives, especially in the third world, but still too in the first. Although the lives lost in the first world will tend to be more among the elderly, so perhaps we can weigh them less than the more demographically diverse groups of people affected by flooding or disease.  If you want to be utilitarian about it, the balance should be struck when inaction will cause more deaths than action.  And when would that be?  My final question for you Jo, if you're really so concerned about global warming, and its potentially disastrous effects, why is it you seem even more concerned about nuclear power? Is there something you know we don't? I've heard the whole spiel about "its not cost-effective compared to wind power" before, and frankly I don't believe you.  So basically what have we concluded, we can't come to an exact conclusion about how much the earth is warming via CO2 emissions, let alone what the human cost, if any, of that warming is likely to be, let alone how much we could expect to reduce that warming by taking a particular initiative, and what human loss could be prevented, and we don't know what the costs of that would be. All we have are some highly suspect models that can't even accurately simulate historical trends.  The only thing I conclude from the global warming debate is that utilitarianism is worthless.
Well you pegged me Joe, I hate the poor, all the advocates of the free market are just hiding their desire to have people suffer behind a cloak of economic rationality.  Only those kind-hearted eco-socialists can show us the way out of this mess, the pure goodness of their hearts make any concerns about the practicality of their proposals a moot point.  Err... the models DO accurately model the historical data.  So, for example, I can put in the data from 1923 and it'll tell me what the weather will be like in 2007? Somehow, I don't think so.
Possibly because we've known about that for about 150 years. The sun's effect in the way you're talking about runs in 21,000 year cycles - the warming we're seeing is far to quick to be its result.  Actually the suns has many cycles, the most common one being the 10-11 years cycle.  We know. Huh? If you knew, why write the first paragraph? Or are you saying that short term solar cycles don't matter? Maybe because they poke a hole in the man made global warming hoax?   Incidentally India and China still don't have the West's industrial output. We may yet see another cooling effect. In case you haven't noticed, China and India have the majority of the worlds manufacturing capability. Look around the room you're in, I guarantee you that 75% of all the stuff that's in there is manufactured in those countries. China just surpassed the US as the country with the largest CO2 output in the world.  And if China's and India's sulfur output causes another cooling effect, then we're not experiencing global warming, are we?
It's arrogant to think that you know better than professional scientists.  Professional scientists are the ones who discovered this information.  Okay. And why hasn't anyone else heard of it?  Plenty of people have heard of it. You and Al Gore don't constitute a representative sample.  The fact that *you're* unsure that the measures being taken will have any effect, or are even important, frankly doesn't carry any weight over here  I don't expect it to, since you've already explained you believe in majoritarianism rather than reason.  I believe creationism is false because it is illogical, you believe it is false because it is unpopular among scientists.
http://www.rockymountainnews.com/drmn/local/article/0,1299,DRMN_15_5580343,00.html  The best parking spots allocated to 'green' drivers, charging even more for trash pick-up, charging more for electricity use, etc. It doesn't sound like the city govt. did much to hear from the citizens of the city over all this. The place is starting to sound more like the U.S.S.R. than a U.S. city. If I were living in Denver, I might have to seriously consider leaving. I also thought it was interesting the article says the city doesn't charge for trash pick-up. Do they not realize it's being charged for in the form of taxes?  This is what so many people are concerned about when it comes to the global warming scare. Yeah, of course things are getting warmer; everyone knows that. But until we know for certain that it's not because of natural causes, it's ridiculous to start penalizing people. If more cities start pulling these sorts of stunts, I wouldn't be surprised if there's a mass-change of people moving out to countrysides, out of the cities over the next few decades. But at least it's not being imposed by the federal govt, so people still have a choice to live under those laws or not by moving or staying.
City governments have figured out that they have the magic wand of revenue.  There are people sitting in offices planning, 8 to 10 hours a day on how to get more of your money. They are very adept at their jobs.
jyoshu, I'd simply point out that scientists are in almost total agreement (you will always have a few fringys) that Global Warming is (1) occurring and (2) humans are a major contributing factor. Now we have the tools that we need to fix the problem.  They are in agreement on #1 yes, but on #2 they are not. There are a lot of scientists who aren't convinced of that and many of them have even said they feel the evidence says otherwise. One of the tactics those who push the global warming thing have used is to make the "total agreement" and "consensus" claims when in fact there in not complete consensus that humans are the main cause.  These ideas are not only practical, but also easy to implement. From a "what can i do" perspective I like the idea.   ?? Do you not understand that the city is making these things mandatory? It's not "what can i do", it's more like "this is what you're going to do." I like environmentalism too, but I don't govt. imposing it on me. Educate and let citizens do their thing; it has worked in many other cases. Don't force it on them.  My family is currently preparing to purchase a hybrid car and looking into solar panels for our house. Not only are solar panels good for the environment, but they also save you a hell of a lot on energy!   that's great, and I have no problem with that and I fully support you in it. But that's far different than the issue of the govt. imposing on citizens. Not everyone can afford a new car and solar panels, yet the city seems intent on rewarding those who can.
Faith is belief without reason, so its unsurprising you use that word to describe your beliefs in the gods of Government and Global Warming.  If you're talking about the IPCC's report... you should understand how that "strong language" got in there before you place your faith in it. Sorry, but having a vague memory of something being bounced around on CNN isn't a good reason to buy into it.  Then again, who are we to question the news, we aren't qualified journalists.
 I have faith in the government, having been a public servant. You see, when people are acting in a negative manner, I believe that government is the way you get them to correct it, or at least one of many different available ways. After your experience as a public servant, it's surprising you haven't developed a sceptical attitude towards government propaganda.  James.
And if we can actually doing anything about it. From what I hear on the fringes, the debate should not be about how to change or stop it, but how to change to deal with it and what we should expect as society adapts to a change in climate.The earth is coming out of a third or fourth ICE AGE. It will get warmer for another few thousand years, then it will ice over again. There is nothing we can do about it. We are not contributing enough to the warming that we could reverse it if we stopped doing whatever it is that we do to contribute.  Al Gore is a shyster riding on the fears of dupes who think mankind controls the earth.
Any evidence to support this or is it just a neat excuse not to take any action?There's no excuse for not taking any action. There is also no cause for the alarm level that Gore and Company wants you to believe is right around the corner.  Probably neat excuse. Do you expect jim to back that claim up? emoticon_xgood Don't hold your breath.Still childish, I see. Get back to me after you open each link and read the applicable text in each. There's a lot more that could be shown.  Sure it will, according to one theory out of 500 that doesn't have evidence...    Could you care to explain why the biggest jumps in temperature correspond to the Industrial Revolution? Why it is that for millions of years that the temperature doesn't fluctuate significently but the years we start adding huge amounts of emissions into the air the temperatures start to change?     So we don't? I thought we had the capacity to destroy it. That seems within the range of control eh?No. You're missing the point. Al wants you to think all we have to do is stop emitting CO2. He wants you to fear something that he knows how to fix...so you'll give him prizes for being a genius and solving the problem.  Al Gore is a shyster...just like Michael Moore. Documentary, my XXX!  Tell me, what has caused the global warming on Mars?...Jupiter? I understand the temperatures there have been rising more in the past few years than before. Think it could be resulting from their industrial age?    ...and he's pretty much a hypocrit about what we should do. Check the stats on his personal home. Check the emissions rating of his antique private jet. He claims to be doing his part by leading a carbon neutral life...which means he merely paid for permission to continue polluting the earth with his inefficient means of private transportation and his energy sucking home.  He claims that sea levels will rise 20 feet or so shortly, yet he bought a million dollar condo near sea level in California.  We should all decrease what we spew into the air (and what we send to landfills). This fact does not diminish the lies told by Al Gore...the ones that got him an Oscar and a Nobel Peace Prize, both of which become more meaningless each year.  Gore, a shyster  http://newsbusters.org/blogs/noel-sheppard/2007/10/11/seriously-inconvenient-truth-producers-gore-s-film-asked-return-oscar   http://www.globalwarminghoax.com/news.php?extend.29  1. The film claims that melting snows on Mount Kilimanjaro evidence global warming. The Government's expert was forced to concede that this is not correct. 2. The film suggests that evidence from ice cores proves that rising CO2 causes temperature increases over 650,000 years. The Court found that the film was misleading: over that period the rises in CO2 lagged behind the temperature rises by 800-2000 years. 3. The film uses emotive images of Hurricane Katrina and suggests that this has been caused by global warming. The Government's expert had to accept that it was "not possible" to attribute one-off events to global warming. 4. The film shows the drying up of Lake Chad and claims that this was caused by global warming. The Government's expert had to accept that this was not the case. 5. The film claims that a study showed that polar bears had drowned due to disappearing arctic ice. It turned out that Mr. Gore had misread the study: in fact four polar bears drowned and this was because of a particularly violent storm. 6. The film threatens that global warming could stop the Gulf Stream throwing Europe into an ice age: the Claimant's evidence was that this was a scientific impossibility. 7. The film blames global warming for species losses including coral reef bleaching. The Government could not find any evidence to support this claim. 8. The film suggests that the Greenland ice covering could melt causing sea levels to rise dangerously. The evidence is that Greenland will not melt for millennia. 9. The film suggests that the Antarctic ice covering is melting, the evidence was that it is in fact increasing. 10. The film suggests that sea levels could rise by 7m causing the displacement of millions of people. In fact the evidence is that sea levels are expected to rise by about 40cm over the next hundred years and that there is no such threat of massive migration. 11. The film claims that rising sea levels has caused the evacuation of certain Pacific islands to New Zealand. The Government are unable to substantiate this and the Court observed that this appears to be a false claim.  Stay tuned as the UK High Court's final ruling may impose additional restrictions on teaching An Inconvenient Truth in classes. They may also point out additional inaccuracies as we all know they only scratched the surface above.  http://www.globalwarminghoax.com/news.php?extend.24  http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/july2007/130707_b_polarbears.htm   http://www.capmag.com/article.asp?ID=3400  http://www.heartland.org/Article.cfm?artId=11548  http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1350746/posts
Gore can shove it. What he says doesn't matter. You're trying to fallaciously cast everyone who accepts global warming as a Gore supporter. There's far more then just CO2 as what is probably causing Global Warming, but to believe that nothing is happening is just stupid and to believe that throwing billions of tons of emissions into the atmosphere isn't going to do anything is just asinine.    Do you always use fallacious arguments? Mars hasn't seen a spike like we have. Trying to argue that all warming is the same is dishonest.    How does this prove he is wrong? Being a hypocrite does not make your arguments on things wrong. Someone is wrong for independent reasons, such as data is false, or they are just outright lying and you can prove it. If I say that murder is wrong and I kill someone, does that make murder right because I'm a hypocrite? No. Stop being dishonest and you are using the fallacy of changing the subject. Just because Gore is a hypocrite doesn't make his argument false.  I see you as always fail to actually provide a respectable source.  I see you outright refuse to address my points. As always.Why are you constantly insisting that I do not address your points? Do you think people actually take your word for it?  Gore's argument is false because he lied to make his movie. I tend to believe what has been researched and labeled false by the British Courts rather than blindly accept what a has-been, mediocre politician publishes to promote his cause.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2007/02/070228-mars-warming.html  http://www.heartland.org/Article.cfm?ArtId=17977  http://www.realclimate.org/index.php?p=192  http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/story.html?id=edae9952-3c3e-47ba-913f-7359a5c7f723&k=0  http://newsbusters.org/node/11122  http://seoblackhat.com/2007/03/04/global-warming-on-mars-pluto-triton-and-jupiter/    I'm not reprinting what is in these links. Maybe you can actually open and read them rather than dismiss them outright because they do not support Al's argument. Al is not right about global warming. Al is an alarmist who is now getting fame and fortune because of false claims. Al is a hypocrit from the word go. Al is sort of like Barbara Streisand, Ben Affleck (sp) and some other goofy celebrities. These people want you to ride a bike, car pool and wipe with one square of toilet paper while they suck energy and pollute the air with their private jets because they're too good to be among us. They all have a solution that doesn't involve any concessions on their part.  Al's Carbon Neutral Life is nothing more than a sham to justify his gluttony regarding energy and a polluting life style. He buys carbon credits so as to excuse his pollution. That's a real man's solution? Get serious!
I wonder if you even bothered to read your own links.  HEARTLAND INSTITUTE doesn't suggest that global warming isn't happening, only that solar radiation is partially at fault. Your assertion that it isn't happening is contradicted by your own source. The first doesn't allow access.  The second one (and third) is trying as you are, to cast all warming as the same. Tell me how that is a reasonable argument.     What? HOW? So pumping billions of tons every year of materials we know that trap heat won't raise temperature? Are you serious? Are you even going to bother to provide some evidence that suggest that the spike and rapid rises in temperature after the industrial revolution aren't true or just pretend that it didn't happen?  I noticed you didn't bother to check the links in your links.   From the last one: it link on pluto, the ACTUAL link says this :   The jupiter one puts this, which your site omitted:   And it puts all of the temperature change on the storm. How again does this help you?   The triton case:   Again, not helping you and in fact proving that warming can happen for a variety of reasons.   And the National Geographic is based off one ONE man who did not cite any evidence.   You fail. Hard.    Because you don't. And people do believe it. Whether they believe you is something entirely different.  None of your links disprove Gore. Even if Gore is a hypocrite it doesn't make his argument wrong. You constantly fail to understand this even when I gave you a example that shows your logic makes the action correct if someone says it is wrong and then does it, particularly if you don't like that person.   If Gore did not exist it would not make global warming false.  Read your links carefully next time.You don't read too well yourself. I have not claimed that global warming is not happening. I never thought the links were claiming global warming is not happening. What I and the the links are saying is that Al Gore is full of it regarding how much we contribute to it. His movie is full of lies and he is hypocritical in asking us to conserve while he simply buys carbon credits so he can continue to pollute.
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20071023/ap_on_sc/vanishing_glaciers  Explain that away.  Furthermore, carbon trading is similar to sulfur and other emissions trading.   Those obviously work. Why is carbon trading a sham and the multibillion dollar sulfur credit market not?   Or are you going to run away from that just as Archangel did?The glacier is receding due to global warming. It does not need much explanation.  Carbon and Sulfur trading are being discussed in another thread. IIRC there's already a link there that explains part of the problem with carbon trading.  Check it out.
We respond most quickly to threats to our survival. As long as a great number of respected institutions advocate global warming as a problem many in the electorate will respond to it out of fear. Unfortunately, therefore, it matters.
...and this coming global meeting to replace the Kyoto Treaty is just a way to get the US to pay other countries to do nothing.  I hear there'll be some 10,000 people flying in and riding limos to some meeting in Bali to discuss how much money the US is going to be asked to distribute to other countries. We're expected to pay Brazil for not cutting down rain forests. Go figure.
http://canadafreepress.com/index.php/article/925  It appears I'm not alone in thinking we're being duped by Gore and Company.     ...and it looks like more and more scientists are looking at facts rather than Gore's blather.  http://epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Minority.Blogs&ContentRecord_id=927b9303-802a-23ad-494b-dccb00b51a12  Someday, all you kool-aid drinkin' lemmings will see just how good a liar Al Gore is. He deserves the peace prize like I deserve to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame....not at all!
I heard on the ready-0h tis morning that the misguided global warming alarmists are planning a "Teach-In" at several campuses across the nation to wake people up to the "facts" regarding the human contribution to global warming.  Have any of you heard something similar?  I'm betting it's nothing more than orchestrated reading of the talking points generated thus far without any substantial proof of validity.  We all agree the earth is warming. We just don't all believe there's a magic thermostat by which we can reverse the warming.  http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewCulture.asp?Page=/Culture/archive/200801/CUL20080123a.html
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/Earth/Are_we_heading_to_ice_age/articleshow/2975016.cms  Evidence in support of this theory has come from pictures obtained from the US Solar and Heliospheric Observatory, which showed no spots on the sun, thus determining that sunspot activity has not resumed after hitting an 11-year low in March last year.   A sunspot is a region on the sun that is cooler than the rest and appears dark.   Some scientists believe a strong solar magnetic field, when there is plenty of sunspot activity, protects the earth from cosmic rays, cutting cloud formation, but that when the field is weak - during low sunspot activity - the rays can penetrate into the lower atmosphere and cloud cover increases, cooling the surface.   According to Australian astronaut and geophysicist Phil Chapman, this might have caused the world to cool quickly between January last year and January this year, by about 0.7C.   "This is the fastest temperature change in the instrumental record, and it puts us back to where we were in 1930," said Dr Chapman.   I'd like to be the first to propose a global snow tax, and I believe the UN should take it into its hands to punish those nations without sufficient industrial capacity to boost levels of greenhouse gases proportionally. We should begin setting targets to triple the atmospheric concentration of Methane by 2050 to ward off catastrophe. Falling sea levels could reap catastrophe on many coastal communities, and destroy coral reefs exposed to the harsh rays of the sun.
I'm just wondering how global warming zealots interpret the data, after spending the last few years denying the impact of sunspots on global temperature.  Or are we beyond that point, is it enough now to heckle anyone who defies the central dogma of "consensus".  Here is probably a better article, published in The Australian today http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,23583376-7583,00.html
You go on being a global cooling denialist, one day when hell freezes over you'll be sorry. Global cooling denialists are just like flat earthers and creationists.  Even Michael Mann, inventor of the now shamefully discredited "hockey stick" graph admits global temperatures are falling and predicts further temperature declines for the next 10 years.  The consensus is in, global warming hysteria is yesterday's news, global cooling hysteria is the new hot fad.  You now have the choice of opposing  a) Global Cooling b) Swine Flu c) China  for your dose of politically correct feel-good moralising. Please get on the bandwagon and choose one of the above to bloviate about until otherwise instructed.  Global cooling in fact began with the release of "An Inconvenient Truth". Temperatures are down just over 0.7 degrees since the day of release, with many scientists speculating that irony results in a negative feedback to the global temperature cycle. Accordingly, the locus of the global cooling trend is Al Gore's house, with his home town recording the coldest July since 1877. This cooling is taken place even when we take measurements from land based thermometers positioned on concrete slabs and near air conditioning outlets.  Sadly, the international community moved too slowly to be able to claim credit for this change in temperature trend. Had Kyoto been more successful, this variance could have been claimed as a trophy.
Gee, I pointed this cooling trend out 2 years ago, and based on the sunspot decrease no less. And all I got was grief. emoticon_frazzled
The Astronomical Society of Australia have just released a report confirming we have embarked on a ~25 year global cooling trend, the scientific consensus is in and there is only a holdout amongst head in the sand denialists.  btw even if you don't believe in global cooling (which no sane or honest person would deny - do you work for a carbon capture corporation by any chance, hmmm!?), surely you agree that we have to do something now to prevent even the possibility of it!
As the scientific community knows, glaciers are a lagging indicator used as propaganda by carbon trading corporates to justify their greed.  The fact is anyone who genuinely cares about the planet admits global cooling is a real problem, and the government needs to act, harshly, brutally and punitively to deal with it. Those with true compassion suggest immediate decapitation of all people involved in the solar and wind industries, with their corpses to be burned over the antarctic.  Your objections are irrelevant, we have no time for naysayers. We need to act NOW.
First of all snakespit, I had thought better of you than to schill for corporate interests, I guess I was wrong.  Secondly, we are past the point of debating the issue - it is too critical to the future of humanity to avoid global cooling to at this point have it in the hands of denialists and head-in-the-sanders. Either start shovelling coal or get out of the way, no more hand waving and do-nothing arguments designed to obfuscate the issue while you get rich exploiting the planet.  As the past illustrates, global cooling can easily run away, freezing much of the planet. If you have any sense at all you will agree we need to stop this from happening, regardless of how much you have invested in the carbon trading markets. The people warning about this are scientists, you are not qualified to disagree with them or question their logic.  If you want anyone to take you seriously you need to link peer reviewed papers from at least 10 qualified astronomers denying global cooling - I will then proceed to smear and defame them based on their age, race, gender, employer (past or present), education, papers published by them earlier in their careers, or tangential association with carbon trading corporations or government funded entities.
I am doing my very best to try to stop global cooling but there is only so much one person can do. I drive the biggest car with the biggest engine I can afford. It was made in 1996 and is a grey import from Japan so it produces plenty of CO2. I also try to produce as much methane that I can( actually I find this quite easy). It looks like China and India are helping to stop the Earth cooling by building hundreds of coal fired power stations. That should cancel out a few wind turbinesemoticon_xgood
Either you are trolling, or completely impervious to logic and common sense. :)  I think Symbiote is making a valid point and not trolling at all! Anyone who doubts the certainty of global warming are called 'deniers' by the believers with the same venom that 'heretic' was used against others in the past . The total knowledge of all the people who believe in global warming on this forum is gleaned from newspapers and the internet. I dont believe anyone on here actually is involved in research. So my guess is as good as yours.
I have no doubt at all that there are solar radiation cycles that affect our climate.  My god, can we finally put to rest the myth that recent climate change has been a result of solar cycles?   Man is causing this cooling by burning insufficient fossil fuels, regardless of what you denialists believe, fossil fuel emissions drive climate change. The recent high point in solar cycles has given us a breathing space to get our CO2 emissions up to scratch. If temperatures are slightly elevated by a high point in natural cycles it will give us time to build up our high carbon technology for when it reaches another low. A low in natural cycles plus the effect of low CO2 emissions would be even worse.  Where is your list of astronomers for me to ridicule and potentially write threatening letters to? Do you call failing to provide me with a list of astronomers to attack science!? I think not!
Here's some science worth considering. http://icecap.us/images/uploads/TheCooling.pdf
That's actually a false dichotomy. I have studied related fields so I have some knowledge beyond the layman in the relevant areas of quantum physics, I'm by no means an expert in the field but to say all my knowledge comes from newspapers and the Internet is incorrect.   Which adds up to you have no more idea whether global warming is actually happening nor whether man is the cause of it than I have.
If CO2 is the cause of global warming and global warming will cause a worldwide catastrophe in the near future then the biggest threat to mankind today is the industrialisation of China and India. So why is the West buying goods from these countries? Do all the Global warming Cassandras refuse to but cheap clothes and electrical goods from China or do they make do and mend to save the planet?
Thats the problem, they are not acting ! If the world leaders were as convinced as you are about global warming they would be far more aggressive in trying to combat it!  I dont know whether the earth is warming up or not and neither do you! As I stated all of your information comes from the newspapers and internet and you confirmed it !  Cassandra was probably the wrong choice to describe global warming believers because as you say, she was correct and at the moment we do not know whether they are or not.  As I stated China and India must be seen as a threat to mankind if they industrialise so why are we feeding the thing that will destroy us?  Resources of oil and gas are supposed to be running out. The countries with the most oil and gas are generally ones that are not particularly friendly to the West. After the cold war there does not seem to be much that can frighten the people of the West enough to make them compliant. It would be in the interest of both the Suppliers and the consumer governments to have us believe that using the worlds resources of oil and gas at the present rate will result in catastrophe.  I stress again I do not know whether global warming is as bad as we are led to believe and I do not know whether it is a man made problem but I do know that governments will lie to us. If the global warming information given to us through the media had a lot less worst case scenarios presented to us as inevitable and the believers did not shout 'denier' at anyone who might question it , I might take it more seriously. Until then my guess is as good as yours.
CNSNews.com - Another New Study Challenges Climate Change ?Orthodoxy?    http://climatedepot.com/a/611/UN-IPCC-Scientist-No-convincing-scientific-arguments-to-support-claim-that-increases-in-greenhouse-gases-are-harmful-to-the-climate  and this one!  You see I can find evidence to support my argument in the same way as you did.
Climate Skeptics Reveal 'Horror Stories' of Scientific Suppression (NYC Conference Report)  another article quoting scientists
Same ol 'same ol' if it dont agree then it cant be right.  These are the views of people who have first hand information to research but do not agree with with the current religion! Simone cant even disagree with their views because she doesnt know anything about it so she says things like ptahemoticon_rolleyes
Thing is, when you quote those sort of sources, it's hard to respond to them without knowing how much of it theyve made up. We know, for example, that the 400 scientists claim is junk, the list containing a great many economists, others who agree with the science of global warming but think technology will get us out of the mess, and a great many who are no more scientists than I am (i.e. they have a degree in a science subject). Knowing that this list is complete hocum, what are we to make of the rest of the piece?   Quote... De Freitas, based at Auckland University&#8217;s School of Geography and Environmental Science and with 30 years of climate science under his belt, does not deny that atmospheric CO2 concentration is rising, but questions the effect that that is having, and in particular whether it is dangerous.  Quote... "Al Gore brought me back to the battle and prompted me to do renewed research in the field of climatology. And because of all the misinformation that Gore and his army have been spreading about climate change I have decided that &#8216;real' climatologists should try to help the public understand the nature of the problem,&#8221; Climatologist Robert Durrenberger, past president of the American Association of State Climatologists, declared in May 2007.       The thing is ..there are eminent scientists who think that man made global warming has become a religion, that we are given worst case scenarios as fact when they are not and that there should be a more constructive argument to promote GW not the apocalyptic shrill that is fed to us by the media. My point is that you me and everyone on this forum gets our information through the same sources so ...your guess is as good as mine..but no better.  There are climate scientists that are sceptical about the global warming doomfest that is being pedalled today but if it was a government lie one would expect that they would have little chance to put forward their argument against . Also it would not be in the interest of anyone wanting a doctorate in climate sciences to express any doubt.
The problem with that argument is that for most of the 8 years of the Bush presidency, the US government was intent on trying to undermine climate change science, as were the major energy companies. Bush finally bowed to the overwhelming weight of the evidence and, yes, the consensus. There were plenty of people looking very hard to find alternative explanations for the evidence and the reality is that they failed totally. If a researcher, whether post-grad or post-doc or professor, finds compelling evidence that undermines the theories that underpin climate change they're going to be hailed as a genius, and if someone had already come up with this evidence then the denial industry would be proclaiming it from the rooftops, as they've already attempted to do with their myriad other attempts (sunspots et al). Finally if such evidence exist there ought to be some scientific papers outlining it. I've posted links in the past to an archive of the papers, dating back a century or more, that support climate change, where are the papers that undermine it?   They would not be hailed as a genius if the world governments did not want people to believe it!!  Ive posted links to climatologists that doubt man made global warming but of course they cant be right because they do not believe in global warmingemoticon_xdonno  I notice you use the term deniers..curious  there is evidence to support man made global warming and there is evidence against( but any evidence against must be bogus..right) and there are climatologists that believe in man made global warming and a few that do not( but they are deniers so they must be wrong..right).  The papers that you linked have no relevance because you are not a climatologist so even if you have read them you are not qualified to comment on them. So once again..my guess is as good as yours  As for the bush government. They may have been persuaded that man made global warming is a reality or the only wayto reduce the dependence of the west to a commodity that is getting scarcer and in the hands of potential lethal enemies and to control the masses with fear all at the same time.  I dont know and nor do you
blah blah blah, more pomp and bluster from unscientific global cooling denialists. We can talk once you find me a list of denialist astronomers, until then let the scientists do the thinking.
if you don't know and you said that all information obtained in newspaper is false then why do you bother to provide it here ?  for someone who said that doesn't know it is clear from your postings that you had the strong opinion that the earth is not warming up. if you were consequent with your words you would not have an opinion either in favor or against global warming.  why do you think the glaciers are melting all over the world if the temp is not rising?   do you really think that basic science is wrong also and CO2 does not trap heat? This was proven in the XIXth century by the way.  so governments are listening to scientists who know nothing, such as the group of Australian scientists I quoted several times in this thread?  I suppose that if a loony tells you that the earth is flat that would be enough for you to believe it is so.  Have a look at any chart of temperature of the earth since the dawn of the industrial age and you will see an average steady rise. There are spikes up and down but the trend is definitely upwards.  If you want to sit and wait for the Titanic to sink be my guest, but the rest of us are pumping the water out and trying to plug the hole, if it is not too late already.  I know what people like you will say if nothing is done and the predictions come true:  "Well, it wasn't proven then, I had to see it with my own eyes to be convinced" and also of course "Why didn't the government do something, isn't that what the government is supposed to do?"  I suppose that the only way for you to be convinced that if you jump off a cliff you'll fall and kill yourself is to try it, right?  Well, most people have common sense and therefore listen to the consensus of the experts on the matter.      I have stressed time and time again that I get my source of information from the same place as you..the internet and newspapers and there are conflicting opinions from the internet and newspapers ! I did not say they were wrong or right. I said that none of us are climate scientists so we do not know OR my guess is as good as yours ..didnt you read that or were you too busy bashing the keyboard with your superior opinionemoticon_rolleyes  Yes CO2 traps heat in the atmosphere but not as much as water vapour!! Aparently the climate changes over the past few tears do not match the ipcc computer models etc etc. there is plenty of information on the internet and newspapers to make one sceptical of man made global warming.  I will repeat my point again and maybe you will read it this time. The earth may or may not be warming up and if it is warming up it may or may not be due to increased CO2 in the atmosphere... The sources of oil and gas seem to drying up and we will need to cut back on our consumption anyway .So if we are led to believe that we are in IMMINENT danger from global warming because of our consumtion of oil and gas it would suit both the governments of the producers and the consumers. the price per unit of oil and gas will rise for the producers and it will make the populace of the consumers countries fearful .This would give the governments of the west far more power over the people. I do not trust our governments and I believe that they would never tell the truth when a lie will do.  They will alway be able to find people like you to do their dirty work ie not read what people actually write but think' deniers' and post stupid comments about flat earth and Titanic yawnemoticon_xclown  I bet the 31st december 1999 was a bad day for youemoticon_rolleyes  and all this coming from someone who thinks Pearl harbour was an attacked by American planes in 1941
Another point that I posted but obviously went over your head is that China and India are busy building coal fired power stations by the hundreds .  so while you are wringing your hands with worry and conglatulating yourself for buying low energy lightbulbs and dreaming of a Toyota prius they are planning to pump millions of tons of CO2 into the atmosphere! If the doomsday merchants are correct we will see the effects of man made global warming in our life time and it will be catastophic. So why are we in the west the biggest market for their produce? Do we not stop buying goods from countries that are deemed to be or potentially will be major polluters in the years to come? Why arent we completely rethinkiing the way that we will live in the latter part of the 21st century so that we can reduce the amount of CO2 produced and cope with the effects of what we have already done? Possibly because our governments do not believe in man made global warming as much as you do!
I like the terms 'uneducated' and 'naive' better than 'denier'. .  I prefer 'sceptic' and my choice is as valid as yours    [QUOTE=snakespit;364661Spending time reading about any subject can be research. Just because someone is not a climatologist does not mean that they cannot educate themselves.[/QUOTE]  Depends on what you read and if you understand it enough to know if it is valid.
I do.  So do these people.  Even if you 'know' the earth is warming up you and these people do not know if is man made...there is evidence but not proof  Because many people don't believe it? Because some believe it but just don't care? Because people are greedy and more worried about making money? Should I continue?  you can if you want..why ask me?
There is no 'if' about it. The earth has been warming dramatically for the last 200 years. The temperature record does not lie.   If the earths temperature has been rising for the last 200 years then it probably isnt due to man then is it ?So turning your thermostat down will not make a lot of difference! Your making it easy for meemoticon_xgood  So the question is this. If you are skeptical about man-made global warming...what is your alternative theory? Surely you have something.      Ask yourself that question. Many of us are already doing our part. Why aren't you?   The answers are in my previous posts
Turning my thermostat down will not make a lot of difference, but if everyone turned their thermostat down...  Tell that to the Chinese and Indians every time you turn your lights off early they build another coal fired power station  And why would you say that man is probably not responsible? Ever heard of a little thing called the industrial revolution? ... Are you kidding me? You think that the Industrial revolution started the warming the Earth 200 years ago.And you say you have studied global warming? You obviously do not know anything about the Industrial revolution if you think the amount of energy gained fron coal was enough to start global warming from 200 years agoemoticon_xdonno   You have repeated something similar to this over and over...  Just as you are repeating something similar    Just because I am not a climatologist does not mean that I cannot educate myself and form an educated opinion. You seem to feel that only experts should be allowed to have a firm belief about global warming. ...?  You can deduce whatever you want to from reading the newspapers and the internet but I do not feel obliged to agree with you.  I think you either lack basic reading comprehension and deductive reasoning skills, or you simply have not put time into learning about the subject. ...?   This confirms what I have been saying people who believe in man made global warming. Because I do not agree with you I must be lacking in something that they have. Anyone can say that.It does not help one bit with your argument and it tells more about you than your argument. I have put forward my reasons for being sceptical about man made global warming. I would even( and have) accept for the purpose of the debate that the earth is warming . You have not answered any of the points I made. Indeed you have put at least one point so stupid that it confirms my sceptism. Then you accuse ME of lacking reasoning skills etc. You are shouting 'heretic' at someone who is sceptical of you half baked conclusions      While the involvment of CO2 is the most probable explanation by far, I could accept you saying that you do not believe that it is the cause of global warming. What I cannot accept is that you don't even seem willing to admit that the earth is warming up. That is a proven fact, yet you still seem unwilling to admit it. No wonder people like you are called 'deniers'. ...?  Do you not know what the word 'if' means I have not actually denied the earth is warming up. I dont know and nor do you. I also stressed that IF the Earth is warming up there still is the question of whether it is man made or not.  And you say I lack basic reading skills  I will ask again...  Do you have any alternative theory to explain why the earth has warmed dramatically...? Give me strength:(
We'll take that as a no, then. Contrarianism might seem fun, but it is intellectual bankruptcy.  As usual Penfold trolls without reading the postsemoticon_xclown
It has nothing to do with "amount of energy gained"...whatever that means. It does however have to do with the release of greenhouse gases due to the mass burning of fossil fuels that began back in the mid to late 18th century (strangely enough, about the time of the beginning of the idustrial revolution). The first appreciable rises in global CO2 concentration appeared ~1840.   In the 18th century they only needed a small amount of energy from fossil fuels because there was only a tiny amount of energy needed to run the mills and factories that where there. Also they had a lot fewer motors cars than there are today ..in fact there were No motor cars because they had not been invented. Therefore if the energy requirements where miniscule compared with today the fossil fuels burnt were miniscule compared with today so it must follow that the amount of CO2 released into the atmosphere was miniscule compared to today.Hope that explains what I mean by amount of energy gained. So guess what ..the amount of man made global warmong must have been miniscule compared with today.  So..if global warming increased significantly in 1840 it could not have been caused by the amount of CO2 released into the atmosphere by man.     Where?.  Its there if you bother to look   Herein lies the problem. Until you can accept some basic facts, you are not worth debating. I already posted a link showing global temps, including the unprecedented increase since ~1950. There is no doubt that the global temp has risen, the only question is what has made it rise? If you are not ready to unequivocally accept the facts regarding the global temp increase, then you have no business in this debate.  As I said on the last post I am quite willing to accept for the purpose of debate that the global temperature is rising. It may well be rising. Between 5000 and 3000BC average global temperatures were warmer than they are today and 1550 to 1850 AD there was a cooling period known as the little Ice age. So just as the earth warmed up ..it cooled later There was even serious talk of a forthcoming ice age predicted by scientists in the 1970s. What you and the other warmers seem to insist on is that the rise is a caused by human activity.
..........While Gansao demonstrates the accuracy of Penfold's assessment.   If you dont read the posts Penfold you cant really assess .
Thing is, we know that heightened CO2 levels cause warming, it's a matter of basic physics. We know that CO2 levels have increased massively in recent years, now around 35% above the long term average. We know that the increase is a result of human activity. The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase will be caused in the future. To be honest Jo, that was the answer I was after! You never copy and pasted. You never called me a denier but to refute what you posted would make me one!  In truth there are certain aspects of my previous posts that I am concerned about. I do suspect that our governments would gain in an alarmist global warming debate. The public would accept having huge wind farms across the country and sky high energy prices if they thought that global warming will cause a catastophic change in the climate in 20 years rather than 100 years. Also it is said that reserves of coal, oil and gas are depleting and will not last much longer so we need to find alternative ways to produce energy anyway. Once again it would be in the interest of the western governments to egg the global warming pudding to frighten us into accepting higher energy prices etc. Also China and India ( and Brazil I think) are building power stations at an alarming rate kind of cancels out all the efforts that we in the West are making to conserve energy. None of that negates the fact that global warming is a real phenomen and as you say..The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase will be caused in the future.  I was going to say that the smoking gun lies in the glaciers but Penfold beat me to it!   By the way I have low energy bulbs throughout the house, cavity wall insulation, double glazing, loft insulation and I want to invest in a condensing boiler next year.  I drive a large car but its old and will only last a couple more years and my wife drives a very small Renault. So I am doing my bit!  As a physics lecturer , do you think a nuclear fusion reactor is an impossible dream?
I live on a island created by reclaimed land in the Thames Estuary near London. My house is below sea level! Could be problem.
The latest estimate that I heard was : If we institute all of the Cap and Trade provisions in Waxman-Markey, we'll decrease the mean temp by 0.05F by 2050 at a cost of $Trillions.  This is true, I read it also.  GREENIE WATCH: 11/01/2008 - 12/01/2008
I see only bluster and diversion from global cooling denialists. Not one has been able to come up with a list of ASTRONOMERS (scientists, rather than crackpots) who oppose global cooling hysteria, which really says it all.  Thing is, we know that heightened CO2 levels cause warming, it's a matter of basic physics. We know that CO2 levels have increased massively in recent years, now around 35% above the long term average. We know that the increase is a result of human activity. We know that the Earth is cooling. We know that when the Earth cools, much of life will be wiped out. The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase in CO2 outpot will be needed in the future to save the world from catastrophic cooling.
I see only bluster and diversion from global cooling denialists. Not one has been able to come up with a list of ASTRONOMERS (scientists, rather than crackpots) who oppose global cooling hysteria, which really says it all.  That's because they have no substantial evidence to support their faith in man made global warming. Here are numerous short yet informative videos which make some very interesting points.  YouTube - Another scientist comes out against global warming
That's because they have no substantial evidence to support their faith in man made global warming. Here are numerous short yet informative videos which make some very interesting points.  YouTube - Another scientist comes out against global warming  is the Bible in youtube?  Try to pay attention smith, this discussion is about man made global warming, not God. The videos I linked to are about Global Warming, not religion or God. Stay focussed or go take a nap until you can concentrate and stay on topic, ok?
This was a comment posted on the Guardian site in responce to the article. I totally agree......    The problem I see with all these climate debates is three fold.  I'm a well educated, (reasonably) intelligent person. I have various bits of paper that tell me so. However, I'm not a scientist and I honestly don't feel able to discern XXXX from shinola as far as the raw data and evidence is concerned.  Consequently I'm totally at the mercy of advocates / lobbyists / apologists and how they ALL chose to present their cases to me.  It seems to me that there is mudslinging, malpractice, egotism and general 'smark-alecyness' on all sides of this. It all blurs into infantile shouting.  None of you, who have any strong opinion on this want people like me to actually 'get' this for ourselves. You all simply want us to agree with whatever it is you're selling.  You'd all rather I was jaded and apathetic than well-informed. I think that's very sad.
That's because they have no substantial evidence to support their faith in man made global warming. Here are numerous short yet informative videos which make some very interesting points.  YouTube - Another scientist comes out against global warming  is the Bible in youtube?  what about another scientist comes out in favor of the flat earth ?  Try to pay attention smith, this discussion is about man made global warming, not God. The videos I linked to are about Global Warming, not religion or God. Stay focussed or go take a nap until you can concentrate and stay on topic, ok?  I can't understand why a scientific issue such as global warming end up being treated as a religious issue. Of course religious fundamentalists such as archie deny it is happening because they think only God can change the climate. I suppose the rest just find it an uncomfortable truth and think that denying it, will make it go away.  What is the problem with your brain winny? Are you completely incapable of comprehending the english language? You are the only person here who is attempting to inject religion into this debate, and you continue doing it after I have repeatedly insisted it isn't a religious issue, and have only posted secular based evidence against it. So get a clue and respond to the actual evidence I posted above rather than attempting to redefine the debate in such a dishonest way.
You have taken a side. Your side is that nothing will convince you that global warming is hapenning. Your excuse is that you are not a scientist, therefore you can't decide, that is your way out.  So if a doctor tells you, you are sick, you don't believe it. No, you have to become a doctor yourself to decide for yourself if you are sick or not.  If a mechanic tells you your car needs a spare part, you also don't believe him, you have to become a mechanic yourself and you decide if he is right or not.  Funny way to live.  Is this the way an educated person functions?  Why do you think governments have scientific advisors?   Yes, you are right Obama must go back to Uni get a degree in environmental sciences, specifically in climate, do all the tests himself and then decide. But if he after doing all of the above decides that yes the climate is changing due to human intervention that would not be enough for you, because Obama probably has a hidden agenda, he is a Nazi or a Socialist blah blah  I think nothing will convince you because you are too scared to face the truth. You can't face the truth. Period  If you read my later posts you would know that I do accept global warming is a fact. I debated on the side of an extreme sceptic until someone posted a reply that was undeniable and written by themselves instead of copy and pasted.  IT is XXXXXX like you that use name calling and insults to try to promote your arguments. Whereas the simple logic of Jo Bennett posted an impartial and intelligent argument.Something what you are incapable of doing, it seems.   You didnt even address the my post , you just came straight in at me with your pathetic little rant. Did you get the chip on your shoulder from Australia or is it because you come from a insignificant third world backwater?
I think any artificially created make-work job is a bad thing. If it makes fiscal sense, the private industry would fund it itself.   And wind technology is a perfect example of this waste of resources. It has been shown that by the time the capital investment for building a new wind farm is recuperated through energy production, the cost of blades and the maintenance required to keep the wind mills running has eaten up any profit they may have afforded their investors. Add to this the impact on birds and wildlife since these windfarms can occupy thousands of acres of land where as one clean coal fired power plant can generate 100 times the energy, take up only 2-4 acres of land and start to return a healthy profit to its investors almost immediately. No wind farms anywhere exist without government subsidy because no private company will make the commitment to such an unprofitable money pit. Here's what I mean.   A hefty cost Wind farms are hardly cheap.  One large wind farm easily can cost as much as a coal-fired plant, at $400 million to $500 million. Each turbine is $2 million to $4 million. Most are made in Europe, though production is shifting to the United States. Unlike a coal plant that can be counted on to run at 80 percent of capacity or higher, most wind farms run at full power only 20 percent to 30 percent of the time, when the wind blows briskly. In a modern power grid, where brownouts or dangerous power surges can occur if the flow of electricity doesn't precisely meet ever-changing demands, wind turbines aren't easy to integrate and require conventional-fuel backups, typically natural gas plants. Boone, the Maryland critic, compared utility use of wind energy to an airline being required to fly some of its passengers on gliders. The Midwest Independent System Transmission Operator, which runs the power grid in the Midwest, handles the growing number of wind farms being hooked into its system with a kind of tail-wagging-the-dog approach. The power that MISO's wind farms generate is the first power assigned and used by its utility members, said Eric Laverty, director of transmission access planning for MISO. MISO then turns to its conventional coal and gas plants to fill its remaining power needs with its boilers, which can be scaled up or down as demand warrants. A German meteorological company hired by MISO forecasts when it can count on getting power from its wind turbines. Dennis Stillings, who lives with his wife, Cathryn, in North Dakota within a third of a mile of two giant wind turbines, can give Indiana residents an idea of the downside some feel living near a wind farm. "It makes sounds almost like a jet plane taking off and just hanging in the air. A whoosh, a whup. It's just about at one-second intervals." Blowback: Indiana's emerging wind farms whip up controversy | IndyStar.com | The Indianapolis Star
Clean coal fired power stations don't even exist.  Really? Clean-Coal Debut in Germany - ABC News
No, he really isn't. Solar and wind require monstrous amounts of land to be feasible.  A 1,000 megawatt facility would require over enormous amounts of land for solar, and even greater for wind.  The NERC is projecting that by 2017, energy consumption in merely the US will be 925GW for summer and 756 GW for winter.  That's "G" as in GIGA.  You're absolutely right regarding the land these technologies require in order to become feasible. And the loss of that land for farming, wildlife habitats and development will cost society more than the energy created by the technology.
Wrong.  Solar thermal power plants use less land than hydroelectric dams or coal plants for a similar output. While all power plants require land and have an environmental impact, the best locations for solar power plants are deserts.  10,000 acres? In a desert? No biggie.  AV Solar Ranch One is a proposed 230 MW power station owned by NextLight Renewable Power. The photovoltaic array will occupy about 2,100 acres (850 ha) in the Antelope Valley. They will sell the electricity for 13c per Kwh. (Photovoltaic arrays are not the most efficient converters of energy available.)  I would like some evidence these technologies have actually been installed anywhere on earth yet in a sand dune type DESERT. I would be very concerned about the damage sandstorms could and would do to the mechanisms and moving parts in both solar screens which turn to angle toward the sun and wind turbines which are finely balanced blades. I can envision the havoc caused by the fine sand from every sand storm which came by. The maintenance in such an environment would be cost prohibitive. Antelope Valley is not such a desert atmosphere and could be utilized for farming as the poppy fields show. California State Parks  And you are dead wrong in saying that Coal fired plants use more land than wind or solar farms. You are off by a factor of around 10,000%.
I don't know much about the global warming debate and frankly I don't care since I'm an accounting guy...you science people figure it out but does anyone know about this:  Climategate: the final nail in the coffin of &#8216;Anthropogenic Global Warming&#8217;? &#8211; Telegraph Blogs  If you own any shares in alternative energy companies I should start dumping them NOW. The conspiracy behind the Anthropogenic Global Warming myth (aka AGW; aka ManBearPig) has been suddenly, brutally and quite deliciously exposed after a hacker broke into the computers at the University of East Anglia's Climate Research Unit (aka Hadley CRU) and released 61 megabites of confidential files onto the internet. (Hat tip: Watts Up With That)  When you read some of those files - including 1079 emails and 72 documents - you realise just why the boffins at Hadley CRU might have preferred to keep them confidential. As Andrew Bolt puts it, this scandal could well be "the greatest in modern science". These alleged emails - supposedly exchanged by some of the most prominent scientists pushing AGW theory - suggest: Conspiracy, collusion in exaggerating warming data, possibly illegal destruction of embarrassing information, organised resistance to disclosure, manipulation of data, private admissions of flaws in their public claims and much more.  It goes on.
Is Global Warming a real problem ?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/GLOBAL_WARMING.HTM
Is man's effect on the ozone insignificant?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_volcanoe_ozone.HTM
I just now noticed this question. I will have to come back to it in the near future.
Global warming may or may not be the result of what humans are doing, although it sure isn't helped by our destorying the environment. Now the increasing amount of natural disasters worries me a lot more than global warming which doesn't seem to be progressing to quickly (from winter to early summer, 136 of 140 days were below average temperature where I live). I could really use some global warming up here in Michigan!!!
For my answer to the question see this thread
I'd worry more about another ice age than a melting of the current ice box. We're going to cause clouds of pollutants to screen out the sun's warming rays, allowing the earth's temperature to plummet. Glaciers will form all the way down to the Florida panhandle. When we begin to recover and develop new cities, we will be blessed in that there will be no more mosquitoes.
Here's a link that should be checked out.  http://www.reveal.ca/friendsofscience/ Bad name I know, but GOOD site.  Also try  www.cspg.org and www.aapg.org  Waxy
Ya, were all gonna die from heat strokes and stuff like that......or drown. emoticon_xgood   But it's all because the earth is slowing down, which allows the sun to heat the earth up more.
global warming is actually real. it may be cold but the temperature has to do with the angle that the suns rays hit the surface of the earth. so during the winter it will still be cold, but for where i live the heat was above average this winter season. so the enevitable will come and soon enough summer is gonna b a biotch! especially if u live in texas or sum were around there. so yes global warming is real and defianantly not a hoax, and if you wunt stats/proof go onto some of the anti pollution sites and they will tell u numbers.  Actually, why read when you can experience the warming effect first hand? Just go to an cold place like Alaska and see if there were any changes in the past 30 years. If there were none, then no global warming. If there was, then there is global warming.  If there is global warming, then the next question would be, what is causing it? Is it humans or is it natural or both. Either way, it ain't good.
I don't support or refute the global warming issue....  I have read that the earth's temperature is variable. Example: ice ages (plural) According to ice-core samples from Greenland, the earth is just emerging from a "mini-ice age." In other words, the last 300 - 500 years have been cooler than normal.  My point? Just this. Things change (evolution, racial concepts, the magnetic polerization of the planet, ect.). We should not presume that we know all the causes or reasons of change on our planet -yet.
I don't support or refute the global warming issue....  I have read that the earth's temperature is variable. Example: ice ages (plural) According to ice-core samples from Greenland, the earth is just emerging from a "mini-ice age." In other words, the last 300 - 500 years have been cooler than normal.  My point? Just this. Things change (evolution, racial concepts, the magnetic polerization of the planet, ect.). We should not presume that we know all the causes or reasons of change on our planet -yet.  And exactly how does one measure the Earth's temperature (thus, know it was variable) through "ice core samples" from Greenland?
Primarily, the scientists measure the thickness of each year's layers. Obviously; however, the amounts of precipitation vary, too. I'll get some more details and get back to you.  btw, ice-core samples are taken all over the globe from glaciers.
And exactly how does one measure the Earth's temperature (thus, know it was variable) through "ice core samples" from Greenland?  In addition to thickness, the key method is that each layer of ice has unique Oxygen isotope signature (among others). The O isotope ratio is an excellent indicator of global temperature.  Waxy
Thats another reason why freely distributed guns are good. Killing people cuts down Carbon Dioxide emissions!
Thats another reason why freely distributed guns are good. Killing people cuts down Carbon Dioxide emissions!  All your posts are like this. Are you on crack?
All your posts are like this. Are you on crack?Perhaps the screen name gives me the impression that all his/her posts will be tongue-in-cheek or outright lies! :)   As for the apparent drug usage, I'd say it's more likely LSD than crack. A person on crack usually sells their computer! :p
 As for the apparent drug usage, I'd say it's more likely LSD than crack. A person on crack usually sells their computer! :p  Very sharp Jim, very sharp ;)
The first link I couldn't get to but the second is very interesting but I was aware of the history. It's all a matter of scale. While entirely possible that the airborne lead peaked in some distant age, the overall impact(pollution) has never been greater than now.Awh, now! I bet it was really bad when all the dinosaurs died at one time. Can you imagine?
The house believes that Global Warming is not man made, but is actually just a natural heat strike. Prove us wrong.
Termites produce two times the carbon dioxide that humans do... let's have a war with termites to get rid of some carbon dioxide. :) lolICBM, but I believe the termites make up the largest land-based biomass on earth.
Is Al Gore also a Raiders fan? The google ads came up with an ad for Raiders' jerseys and the only key word I can think of that would trigger it would be Al Gore. Sorry for going a bit off topic, just kind of strange. Back to our regularly scheduled program. :)
Americans are obsessed with the lust to get rid of oil dependence. They are ready to bring the world on the verge of ecological catastrophe. It has become known that U.S. experts discovered that corn and colza fuel produces 50-70 % more greenhouse gases than petrol or diesel oil. And at the same time they've triggered this hysteria in Europe about biological fuel and don't hurry to announce about their discovery. On the contrary Americans continue telling tales about improvement of environment statement after total change-over biological fuel. They don't mind about 3 million people in poverty-stricken countries of Africa and South America starve because such cheap food as soy, corn and sunflower would become prohibitive because of their price. The costs would immediately take off once the fields destined for traditional crops are used for biological fuel ones. Oh no, they just want make money hand over fist and not depend from oil-exporting countries. How can you compare lives of some people of second chop with American golden god?
Brussels is going to put in force exorbitant ecological tax on European routes. For sure someone in European Commission really, really doesn't like EU newcomers very much. Because most of trucks with export production traveling on European routes are from Eastern Europe and Baltic countries. And now all those numerous small businesses of EU newcomers will be deprived of most inexpensive possibility of transport their production. It doesn't look like program of newcomers' support at all. This is utter discrimination. Pompous Old Europe is tired to play good democratic sponsor of its neighbors. So it begins getting rid of 'dead weight'.
This is cool. umgd
It seems that the high priest of Global Warming is so unconcerned about its reality that In the past year, Gore's home burned through 213,210 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, enough to power 232 average American households for a month. Wait, an ad hominem that even skews the stats? You could at least compare monthly to monthly, or yearly to yearly. You could point out that his modifications decreased his energy consumption. You could tell us whether that number included time while renovations were taking place, if you even knew. You could clarify whether this compensates for natural gas, propane, or heating oil usage. You could explain whether the amount "burned through" is from the grid alone or also includes the non-impacting solar and geothermal contributions.  But doing so would require not being a rightwing parrot.
A well established reality? I repeatemoticon_xclown Did that answer his question?
Not really, did I have to? Did he not include Christians? Does it make any difference to the argument as global warming being the new religion? He certainly didn't address the point that I was making? What are you, his mother?  Not to worry , just put it right. Well done.  And no, not his mother (or father for that matter).
Faux.News and all the Faux.News clones, ABC, NBC and CBS. Not to mention the right wing takeover of PBS.  That's a joke right? It has to be since it has no evidence, facts nor logic to it.
I think you should stick to your favorite medium, boiling cauldrons. :p  Strange I thought it was devining by fondling fish guts and predicting any thing to the right of Joe Stalin was right wing.
The culprit is menopausal hotflashes from us aging boomers.  More ppl and animals die worldwide from exposure to cold than heat, plus added C02 will be boon for flora.
Ness (earthbound fan?) It's my opinion that your "truths" are just as misleading as the original statements.
4. Global warming will cause all icecaps to melt and flood the planet.  didn't Kevin Costner do a movie about this in 1995?
If he asks for your source,s you have to provide them. It's not an option. THe burden of proof is on the person who makes a statement. So Waxy is correct. It doesn't matter if you don't play the game. YOu condede if you don't provide sources. YOu don't expect them to take your word at face value, do you?
Horrible news.   http://www.thestate.com/mld/state/2003/08/16/news/nation/6537714.htm   http://edstrong.blog-city.com/read/181067.htm   http://cbsnewyork.com/topstories/topstories_story_226152201.html   Why don't Americans care?
Who says Americans don't care?
Our media hardly ever talks about it, yet our media keeps obsessing over a few deaths in Isreal, or the Sniper shooting. Why doesn't our media talk more about the heat wave? Because most Americans don't care just because France didn't help us fight Iraq.
But those are issues that directly affect us and that we can do something about. What can we do about people dying in a heat wave?
I suppose in your mind you believe that Americans hate the French so much that they don't care if thousands of them die. Perhaps that is the view in your neightborhood in California but I doubt it and as a whole the idea is simply idiotic. People here care about what is happening in France although it is not a top story. I've seen several news reports just about this every day for the last week so there is no doubt that it is being reported on and things don't get reported on this often if no one cares. Perhaps it is hard for us to relate to what is happening there to the same extent that French or other European people can. There is of course the little matter of Iraq and more of our own troubles that consume much of the news here. Don't mistake that for the majority of Americans not caring what is happening in France.
hmmmm, bigger concern:  International tension and war ooooooooor hot weather
Considering those French died from heat and not because someone killed them... I see a huge difference. :-\
The government should be able to handle their own problems. If they ask for our assistance we should of course assist them. The people of France do not deserve to be punished by the US because of their Iraq opinions.  Always Stay Open Minded
I think the count may be up to 10,000 now...
Morfos, do YOU really care? Have you sent money to help the people who's families have died? Or to help families buy air conditioners if they don't have one? How about when hurricane season hits and thousands are killed by floods? What about all the people who starve to death each day?   It really is so easy to sit at your computer and say "this is so horrible" and not do anything about it.
Look at how America treats its' own senior citizens/parents.   The old timers have to cross borders for medications to live, suffer(ranging anywhere from bed sores to death) in old folk homes...ect   Imagine what the next generation( if any) would be like    Here recently I heard the American Gov was stiffing the retards.....
who cares anyway? there'll be millions more dead every day and million more born everyday. so it's no big surprise because the circle life has to continue or else they would over populate the world. so be thankful that it happened or else you might be living in an over populated area like china and india.
who cares anyway? there'll be millions more dead every day and million more born everyday. so it's no big surprise because the circle life has to continue or else they would over populate the world. so be thankful that it happened or else you might be living in an over populated area like china and india. exactly, why care? we will all die eventually anyway. great reasoning! (the above was a sarcastic comment)
exactly, why care? we will all die eventually anyway. great reasoning! (the above was a sarcastic comment)  My thoughts exactly (sarcastically of course). You can justify a whole lot of actions if you just assume that we will all die anyways so why worry how a person dies.
Can you imagine how bad France must have smelled? All that French cheese lying around in the heat...I think I would have prayed for death, but that's just me.
Horrible news.   http://www.thestate.com/mld/state/2003/08/16/news/nation/6537714.htm   http://edstrong.blog-city.com/read/181067.htm   http://cbsnewyork.com/topstories/topstories_story_226152201.html   Why don't Americans care?  If what happened after the Iraqi Invasion is any indication many of them probably think that the "Cheese eating surrender monkeys" got what they deserved.
Man made or natural?
are you joking?  I have a debate thing in one of my classes and I was just trying to get proof for it.
The "Hole" in the Ozone layer was found in 1956 before CFC was being widely used......  Wow,,,very interesting. Cant wait to see the replies to this.
Noticably there hasn't been one for 2 and a half hours...... Still nothing,,,,guess they are gonna let it die
What do ya'll think?
Well, really, they both compensate and reciprocate for one another, you could say.
In my opinion the environment is not as important as economics simply because a strong economy means increases in science and technology. Although it may not seem to be leading us towards a more environmentally friendly economy yet it is inevitable that it will end up there. The reason for this is that an economy cannot succeed without a respectable balance with nature and at our current pace we are not going to be at a respectable balance with nature forever. Strong economics will lead to a balance with nature or economics will fail.
Now I know that Nuclear Power has already been discussed but I just wished to see if people thought we should have nuclear power or not. Just curious.
The nuclear power debate is emerging once again in my country. We finally have some distance (time) to Chernobyl so we can discuss the matter rationally. Apparantly many young adults who didn`t experience Chernobyl as grown ups do not buy into the "nuclear=death-machine that will kill us all" propaganda :)
In the future, unless some radical new technology gets discovered nuclear power will become more important as a source of energy. At some point oil and gas will be more costly to use for electrical power then nuclear power. When that happens nuke plants will become more common.
There have been some rather impressive developments with non-nuclear power. For example, newly developed Thermo-Depolymerization Technology (which converts carbon-rich garbage into crude oil). The conversion process doesn't create any harmful pollutants and use of the new form of oil actually releases less greenhouse gases than would be released by the natural decay process if the material had been stored in a landfill.  'Turkey waste turned into oil' - New York Newsday - New TDP plant generating a positive cash flow while selling crude oil converted from garbage at a price 10% less than equivalent oil produced at a conventional refinery. http://www.nynewsday.com/technology/ny-liturk073836915jun07,0,1109501.story?coll=ny-technology-headlines   'Missouri plant begins making oil from farm waste' - Waste News - Crude oil No. 4, produced from agricultural waste products, put on the market.  http://www.wastenews.com/headlines2.html?id=1085160729    'Turkey Fuel? Factory to Turn Guts into Crude Oil' - National Geographic - Details how a Carthage plant is converting turkey waste into crude oil and its potential to solve many of America's waste disposal problems while making us less dependant on foreign oil.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2003/11/1125_031125_turkeyoil.html   'Researchers turn manure into crude oil' - MSNBC News - Researcher Yanhui Zhang of the University of Illinois has successfully converted pig manure into oil in small batches. He uses a similar process to the one already being used by a plant in Carthage, Mo., that converts tons of waste material, such as feathers and entrails, from a nearby Butterball Turkey plant into light crude oil.  http://msnbc.msn.com/id/4732398/    And on the hydrogen frontier, there was a recent breakthrough in an ethanol-to-hydrogen reactor that will make hydrogen much more competitive as an energy source. http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/science/02/13/hydrogen.reactors.ap/    Mark Harm Candidate for State Representative - Michigan
There is an interesting article in a recent issue of Fortune magazine detailing the success of French nuclear power. The article gives a reasonably good case to the advacement of nuclear power plants.   There are some security concerns that would certainly have to be addressed before we start popping plants up across the country. Other than that I think new nuclear power plants deserve their day in court.
There is a huge difference between fission and fusion. fission bad, fusion good.
There is a huge difference between fission and fusion. fission bad, fusion good.  Oh yeah, generalizations are cool! Let's all jump on this bandwagon!  Black people bad, white people good.  Muslims bad, Christians good.  Fission bad, fusion good.  Geez.
Obviously you need to read up on the differeneces. They are in no way equal, and why you brought race and religion into this debate preplexes me.
Obviously you need to read up on the differeneces. They are in no way equal, and why you brought race and religion into this debate preplexes me.  I bring it up, because you seem completely unafraid to make gross generalizations. It's the mindset I'm talking about, not the specific issue. Read what I wrote, and understand it, before you respond.  Beyond that, trust me, I'm well-read. Probably more than you.  The point I was trying to get across... you didn't get it the first time, rather concentrating on the social side-issues of my first post... is that both forms of power have their advantages. At this point, fission's biggest advantage is its feasibility; fusion HAS NONE!  People are afraid of fission, and rightfully so, remembering Chernobyl. Yet, if mankind is to progress, he must fight past his fears, and advance.
Sorry, but we don't have to apply social equalities to inanime objects. Fusion is better, the ONLY problem is it's not ready for mass use yet. That doesn't make fission power any better.  I'm not really worried about a three mile island. I'm more worried about those thousands upon millions of gallons of radioactive waste and their effects.
There have been some rather impressive developments with non-nuclear power. For example, newly developed Thermo-Depolymerization Technology (which converts carbon-rich garbage into crude oil). The conversion process doesn't create any harmful pollutants and use of the new form of oil actually releases less greenhouse gases than would be released by the natural decay process if the material had been stored in a landfill.  'Turkey waste turned into oil' - New York Newsday - New TDP plant generating a positive cash flow while selling crude oil converted from garbage at a price 10% less than equivalent oil produced at a conventional refinery. http://www.nynewsday.com/technology/ny-liturk073836915jun07,0,1109501.story?coll=ny-technology-headlines   'Missouri plant begins making oil from farm waste' - Waste News - Crude oil No. 4, produced from agricultural waste products, put on the market.  http://www.wastenews.com/headlines2.html?id=1085160729    'Turkey Fuel? Factory to Turn Guts into Crude Oil' - National Geographic - Details how a Carthage plant is converting turkey waste into crude oil and its potential to solve many of America's waste disposal problems while making us less dependant on foreign oil.  http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2003/11/1125_031125_turkeyoil.html   'Researchers turn manure into crude oil' - MSNBC News - Researcher Yanhui Zhang of the University of Illinois has successfully converted pig manure into oil in small batches. He uses a similar process to the one already being used by a plant in Carthage, Mo., that converts tons of waste material, such as feathers and entrails, from a nearby Butterball Turkey plant into light crude oil.  http://msnbc.msn.com/id/4732398/    And on the hydrogen frontier, there was a recent breakthrough in an ethanol-to-hydrogen reactor that will make hydrogen much more competitive as an energy source. http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/science/02/13/hydrogen.reactors.ap/    Mark Harm Candidate for State Representative - Michigan    They make the crude oil by heating waste under pressure.  WHERE DO THEY GET THE HEAT?   .
Sorry, but we don't have to apply social equalities to inanime objects. Fusion is better, the ONLY problem is it's not ready for mass use yet. That doesn't make fission power any better.  I'm not really worried about a three mile island. I'm more worried about those thousands upon millions of gallons of radioactive waste and their effects.  Controlled fusion ain't ready by a long shot. It will be decades before we see the first prototype fusion power station.  http://physicsweb.org/articles/world/17/1/6/1  I agree that fission waste is terrible.   .
I bring it up, because you seem completely unafraid to make gross generalizations. It's the mindset I'm talking about, not the specific issue. Read what I wrote, and understand it, before you respond.  Beyond that, trust me, I'm well-read. Probably more than you.  The point I was trying to get across... you didn't get it the first time, rather concentrating on the social side-issues of my first post... is that both forms of power have their advantages. At this point, fission's biggest advantage is its feasibility; fusion HAS NONE!  People are afraid of fission, and rightfully so, remembering Chernobyl. Yet, if mankind is to progress, he must fight past his fears, and advance.   At least you think you're smart. I wish others could say the same about you. How do you come on this forum, make 28 posts, and then decide you are well-read, more so than everyone else?   Also, I have no clue why you brought race into this. Saying fission is good, fusions is bad has no business being compared with saying someone of one race is better than another. Get a clue.  P.S---You would think someone so well-read would know how to spell screw, wouldn't you?
Nothing will replace fossil fuels until they reach a market price that favors an alternative.  And the government can find a way to heavily TAX that alternative without a public outcry.
Clearly this John Raven just wants a bigger budget and so he's made up yet more stuff about the problems of CO2 pollution emoticon_rolleyes   Why is this clear?
Ocean acidity is old news...
You'll have to ask gnojek that. It appears he thinks that any pronouncement by a scientist suggesting CO2 production is a problem is a conspiracy theory by scientists to get bigger budgets:  "As scientists we will tell you that there is a major problem that can only be solved through science , which can only be done with money. We're scientists and we really like grant money to do research. Wouldn't it be great if we had a global initiative to fund this research indefinitely, or until the global warming problem is solved..."  It's the YEC movement all over again: there's no proof, the evidence could be interpreted either way, it's a scientific conspiracy theory, the Devil is behind it: it's un-Christian to cut back on fossil fuel burning etc emoticon_xclown  Ah, my bad... :p
Debate is over...Clive chickened out....JP was tearing him a new one anyway. When do I get my big money? I was just as ready to get paid as Harriet was, but haven't seen any handouts yet. It's a shame about the lack of constitution in the quiter.  Verbal coitus interruptus! What a let down. emoticon_cry :xcensored :p
I've got to agree with this assessment.  I think Clive14 dreamed up a dramatic crisis in an attempt to get himself banned rather than face a through defeat in the wake of pompous challenge.  WaxyI think this is an interesting conclusion, no? It does look like an invented dramatic crisis to escape the debate. I feel I must disagree with your idea of defeat though. Clive14 was very pompous and arrogant and so might have tried to avoid humiliation and defeat by running away, but he has been humiliated and defeated anyway, no? He took nearly the full four days to do each post. His last post was not finished even. I think he might have "cooked up" the crisis as he was too arrogant to say he had no time and couldn't finish. I feel it is sad that he did that, as he could have won. JPSartre12 was very muddled I feel. He dismissed evidence because it came from the UN bodies or "left wing" groups. He used appeals to authority (I think that the right term) a lot. He swung between there being no global warming to global warming will be a good thing. His argument, I think he even admitted himself, was really one of politics and money, not of science. But Clive14 did not really tackle any of that, he instead offered poor choices of counter evidence to the science only I feel. Again this makes me think he was spending too little time on his posts to hope to win.  It was a very disapointing debate. It ought to be a lesson though to not build up the hype before. He was very rude to you Waxy for example and implied anyone who disagreed with him was dumb, so he made life difficult before he started. Also if you are right Waxy, then only debate if you can cope with losing. If I am right, only debate if you have the time to do it right.
I'm also of the opinion that JP had the advantage and would have taken game, set, and match. But I would be surprised if Clive14 quit because he was on the brink of a defeat. He was a pugnacious debater who gave no quarter.  Unfortunately, he alienated many by his reckless insults and impatience with anyone who disagreed with him. His challenge to Waxy was very insolent and invited a sort of nemesis.
This article, from the Daily Telegraph, states that data from the "Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia" shows "that for the years 1998-2005 global average temperature did not increase (there was actually a slight decrease, though not at a rate that differs significantly from zero)."  Does anyone know anything about this university (i.e. is it reputable in this area of science)? Also, any thoughts on the author and his interpretation of this data (if the data is reliable that is).
I also visited the university's website and looked at their data. There does appear to be information which contradicts with the above listed article's claims (e.g. - http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/temperature/nhshgl.gif). Not sure what he is talking about.
Hey im new and this is actually my first post, as side from the intro one I gave.  . Welcome, Evan. I look forward to your input despite your signature quote source. Dono
It is pretty bizzare. There are plenty of groups out there that will reach whatever "conclusion" you pay them to reach. Why he didn't cite one of them instead of an easily checkable source that says the opposite of what he says they do is beyond me.  lol...nice
Crown of creation?  I fail to see how we are any different from bacteria.  We will feed on the resources until they run out or until we render the environment unlivable with our own waste or both.   People just like us have lived on earth for almost a million years.   The dinosaurs lived on earth for 65 million years.   Witch is the more successful form of life so far?  We have a long ways to go before we can say that we were the crown of anything.  AN EGOCENTRIC ATTITUDE IS THE WRONG ATTITUDE.
The dinosaurs lived on earth for 65 million years.   Way off. Dinosaurs were around from approximately 248 million years ago till 65 million years ago. 248-65= 183 million years.  Humans are at what, maybe 60,000 years?
I stand corrected.
"I would rather be descended from a humble ape...."   "humble ape?" LOL! Do they keep them in separate cages at the zoo?
You don't get the point. I didn't think you would. That would require INTELLIENCE.  So, Trebor butchers "intelligence," like I thought he would. LOL!
So, I can't spell. On the other hand, I understand people. And I am not someone who has too much starch in their shorts, and is so unhappy with themself and the world (like you are)  Why is it the religious people are obsessed with spelling?  I have a theory:  In a chat room anytime someone misspells something it is all ways the women that scorn the evildoer.  Religious men are obsessively homophobic which we now know thanks to the advanced modern science of psychological stuff is repressed homosexuality, meaning they like boys.  Therefore and in conclusion they are girls.
Oh ok, sorry girls!  Maybe girls will like me better now?
You never know till you ask ;p  Oh ok.  EZ, you like me better now?
"But greenpeace isn't like any other company, because it's not making any money. Its leaders get paid little compared to the CEOs of similar sized companies."  Is that a fact? I recall an investigation into greenpeace some years ago. What they discovered turned my stomach. Money is EVERYTHING to EVERYONE except maybe mother theresa
According to this site, it's 0.28%. So if this is true (I'm not sure if this is credible or not, someone else pointed it out to me), that means if we were to eliminate EVERY SINGLE thing that caused any greenhouse gasses (stopped driving cars altogether, stopped using AC, heaters, etc.) there would still be 99.72% of the gasses there are now. According to Gore in "An Inconvenient Truth" small changes such as restrictions on cars and such would be enough to stop global warming. So which is it? I think we all know global warming is happening, it's just whether humans are causing it and whether it will continue to warm at this rate or whether it will beigin cooling in the future again. According to this site we really can't do much to change it and it is mostly natural. According to Gore we're in danger and need to stop this tragedy that we can prevent. I hate it when people come up with different facts. Different opinions are natural, but when people give different "facts" one of them must be wrong. Which is it?  Here's the site: http://www.clearlight.com/~mhieb/WVFossils/greenhouse_data.html
 Nuclear power is more expensive than wind per kilowatt, as I understand it, and given that no nuclear plants have been built here in decades, I doubt that this is due to the cost of building them.  Its the cost of building them when you already have powerplants that work fine and the public's distrust of nuclear power more than the trouble with the power source itself. Don't breeder reactors make the abundance of uranium less significant as well?
http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/story.html?id=156df7e6-d490-41c9-8b1f-106fef8763c6&k=0 "Dr. Shariv, a prolific researcher who has made a name for himself assessing the movements of two-billion-year-old meteorites, no longer accepts this logic, or subscribes to these views. He has recanted: "Like many others, I was personally sure that CO2 is the bad culprit in the story of global warming. But after carefully digging into the evidence, I realized that things are far more complicated than the story sold to us by many climate scientists or the stories regurgitated by the media.  "In fact, there is much more than meets the eye."  Dr. Shariv's digging led him to the surprising discovery that there is no concrete evidence -- only speculation -- that man-made greenhouse gases cause global warming. Even research from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change-- the United Nations agency that heads the worldwide effort to combat global warming -- is bereft of anything here inspiring confidence. In fact, according to the IPCC's own findings, man's role is so uncertain that there is a strong possibility that we have been cooling, not warming, the Earth. Unfortunately, our tools are too crude to reveal what man's effect has been in the past, let alone predict how much warming or cooling we might cause in the future.  All we have on which to pin the blame on greenhouse gases, says Dr. Shaviv, is "incriminating circumstantial evidence," which explains why climate scientists speak in terms of finding "evidence of fingerprints." Circumstantial evidence might be a fine basis on which to justify reducing greenhouse gases, he adds, "without other 'suspects.' " However, Dr. Shaviv not only believes there are credible "other suspects," he believes that at least one provides a superior explanation for the 20th century's warming." It has been claimed here that the ony scientists who disagree with global warming either have ties to oil companies or are not specifically climatologists (which shouldn't necessarily matter).   Both the idea that they may have some tie to oil companies or that they aren't specifically climatologists, of course, are beside the point--what matters is their logical reasons and data they can point to. There are scientists on both sides of the issue of whether or not global warming is human-caused. It just so happens that those who fall on the side of human-caused global warming tend to be winning a huge PR thrust that's been going on for some time.  And before anyone thinks otherwise, I tend to fall on the side of global warming and that humans are at least contributing. But I can't go along with the idea some have that anyone who scientifcally challenges the global warming view of human-caused should be written off--pretty much automatically.
I love your signature E Mutz.  I need to put it on my front door :)
The horror!  What about cricket rather than roundersemoticon_xangel
"Armed with Gore's utility bills for the last two years, the Tennessee Center for Policy Research charged Monday that the gas and electric bills for the former vice president's 20-room home and pool house devoured nearly 221,000 kilowatt-hours in 2006, more than 20 times the national average of 10,656 kilowatt-hours.  "If this were any other person with $30,000-a-year in utility bills, I wouldn't care," says the Center's 27-year-old president, Drew Johnson. "But he tells other people how to live and he's not following his own rules."  "I appreciate the solar panels," he said, "but he also has natural gas lanterns in his yard, a heated pool, and an electric gate. While I appreciate that he's switching out some light bulbs, he is not living the lifestyle that he advocates." http://abclocal.go.com/ktrk/story?section=nation_world&id=5072659
Well, it's the classic "Do as I say, don't do as I do".
In the interest of fairness and balance, did you think to check to see if he might be running an office or web server or some other legitimate power-hungry activity out of his house? He isn't using all that power just to run an electric gate.
That would have to be one hell of a web server. I think it has more to do with the fact that the house has 20 rooms (and is one of four).   He could be employing an army of blind dwarves for all I care. He's cranking out $30,000 in utilities and want's me to carpool? Hey Al? Do you like a glass of Wine now and then? Well, I'm a raging alcoholic and I say you need to cut back on your drinking.  Nuts
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong.
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong.  No but his complete dependence on a media machine certainly takes away from the validity of his message. The models for climate change that Gore recites are strictly weather and do not look at global climate patterns and do not look at climate changes within history. The changes that are occuring now are within the limits of changes that have happened elsewhere in history. His information is just a "part" of the story. That is why he is incorrect.
No but his complete dependence on a media machine certainly takes away from the validity of his message.  Thank you. That's what I'm looking for. Merely because one is a hypocrite does not make their message wrong. One is wrong for other reasons.
Thank you. That's what I'm looking for. Merely because one is a hypocrite does not make their message wrong. One is wrong for other reasons.  Correct. However, a true leader leads by example, not just with words. This is why Al gore will never be my president.
Correct. However, a true leader leads by example, not just with words. This is why Al gore will never be my president.  Your president? No, That's why Al Gore will never be anyone's president.   Still, it would be a hard decision to pick between Gore and Quayle.
Just because he's a hypocrite doesn't make his movie wrong or his message false.  Bush is correct about federal spending getting out of hand even though he was much of the cause.  There was a hard core religious Christian who warned about the dangers of gambling even though he had a huge underground habit himself.  While a hypocrite may be contemptable, that does not make their message wrong. True, the message is not necessarily false. But when someone starts spreading a message that he/she doesn't believe in, I start questioning someone's motives/agenda and with that I also start questioning the credibility of the message. Gore is selling something that he doesn't believe in. That's akin to the owner of car company driving in another car brand. Makes me think that's there's something wrong with the products that they're selling.
True, the message is not necessarily false. But when someone starts spreading a message that he/she doesn't believe in, I start questioning someone's motives/agenda and with that I also start questioning the credibility of the message. Gore is selling something that he doesn't believe in. That's akin to the owner of car company driving in another car brand. Makes me think that's there's something wrong with the products that they're selling.  I think that Gore believes in his message. I think that people are failing to consider the fact that Gore is part of the upper/ruling class, so he has the right to all the energy he needs. The idea is not for HIM to change. The idea is to get the middle and lower class folks to change. They are using WAY too much energy to heat thier homes, cook their food, drive to and from work, etc... Gore needs that energy to heat his pool. Greenhouse gas reductions require sacrifice. The american upper class does NOT DO sacrifice.
http://guerillawomentn.blogspot.com/2007/02/gore-smacks-down-drama-queen-drudge.html  1) Gore's family has taken numerous steps to reduce the carbon footprint of their private residence, including signing up for 100 percent green power through Green Power Switch, installing solar panels, and using compact fluorescent bulbs and other energy saving technology.   2) Gore has had a consistent position of purchasing carbon offsets to offset the family's carbon footprint - a concept the right-wing fails to understand. Gore's office explains:   What Mr. Gore has asked is that every family calculate their carbon footprint and try to reduce it as much as possible. Once they have done so, he then advocates that they purchase offsets, as the Gore's do, to bring their footprint down to zero.  The Tennessean elaborates, "Gore purchased 108 blocks of 'green power' for at least each of the last three months, according to a summary of bills from Nashville Electric Service. . . The green power purchased by Gore in those three months is equivalent to recycling 2.48 million aluminum cans, or recycling 286,092 pounds of newspaper, according to comparison figures on the utility's Web site."  Dave Johnson and James Boyce over at Huffington Post report on The Tennessee Center For Policy Research.  And lo and behold we have not only an Exxon connection, but the Bush and Cheney 'mexed missages' manufacturer itself -- the radical right-wing American Enterprise Institute:  Tennessee Center's President Drew Johnson comes straight out of the right's network, coming from Exxon-funded American Enterprise Institute and the right-wing-funded National Taxpayers Foundation.  They are part of the right's State Policy Network. According to PFAW,  "SPN is a national network of state-based right-wing organizations in 37 states as well as prominent nationwide right-wing organizations. Through its network SPN advances the public policy ideas of the expansive right-wing political movement on the state and local level."  As of Feb. 16, the Tennessee tax dept. considers them "not a legitimate organization" because of their misrepresenting themselves involving questions about the group's opposition to a state crackdown on drug dealers.  The Tennessee Center for Policy Research bills itself as, um, nonpartisan.  The entire budget for 2005 was $105k of which $52k went to salary expense. The Center spent no money on research but it did spend $9k on meals and travel.  http://digg.com/environment/Who_is_this_Tennessee_Center_for_Policy_Research
I think that Gore believes in his message. I think that people are failing to consider the fact that Gore is part of the upper/ruling class, so he has the right to all the energy he needs. The idea is not for HIM to change. The idea is to get the middle and lower class folks to change. They are using WAY too much energy to heat thier homes, cook their food, drive to and from work, etc... Gore needs that energy to heat his pool. Greenhouse gas reductions require sacrifice. The american upper class does NOT DO sacrifice.  Al Gore's in royal company. Prince Charles is in the habit of giving lofty sermons (to the plebs) about his environmental concerns while he hires a 767 for long distance flights with a staff of twenty seven. However, his "carbon footprint" is offset by planting bushes in the organic garden at his country mansion.   James.
Talk about accepting the class you were born into... You must be a european to believe as you do. You see, we don't have Royals in the USA  Kennedys? Hello? Where have you been the past 40 years?   or a class system  Are you kidding me? America is very much a class society, granted a fluid one but a class society nontheless.
Kennedys? Hello? Where have you been the past 40 years?     Are you kidding me? America is very much a class society, granted a fluid one but a class society nontheless.  Fluid my arse. Social mobility is lower in the US than in any other western nation.
emoticon_xdonno The Kennedy's are lowlife scumbags who treat this Country like their own personal junkyard. They're not respected or honored as anything more than spoiled rotten rich brats who use and abuse those around them. If I was one I would change my name and disown my heritage.   And anyone here can lift themselves out of poverty and raise their station in life. It just takes work and a good idea. That isn't a Class System culture as still exists throughout Europe and Asia.  What planet are you on? "throughout europe and asia"? The only country in Europe that still has a noticable class system is the UK, and the effect of that is more economic than social. The US and UK have the lowest social mobility, with the US being the lowest. Scandinavian countries have the highest. In short, if your dad is a dustman, there's far more chance of you becoming a doctor in Sweden than there is in the US. Poverty is far more persistent in the US than in continental Europe.
Fluid my arse. Social mobility is lower in the US than in any other western nation.  You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.
emoticon_xdonno The Kennedy's are lowlife scumbags who treat this Country like their own personal junkyard.  Sure they have. *cough*   That isn't a Class System culture as still exists throughout Europe and Asia.  Yes it is. The US is still a very class structured society. Society looks down at the 'untouchables' of the nation. The janitors, the menial workers, those who are making poverty level wages. We idolize those who are fabulously wealthy. Granted the two CAN exchanges places, but that doesn't mean the class system doesn't exist. It is just fluid.
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.  Most countries have lotteries. You shoudl flip those tickets over and see what the odds of winning are. This is one of the weakest arguments I have very seen you make.   Jo Bennet is wrong, though. The US still has the lowest upward social mobility on the planet, but we have the largest downward social mobility. The middle class is becoming the working poor.   There are NO western nations where sombody making poverty wages routinely moves in next to the rich and famous...unless they are moving into the servants quarters. The odds are good (94%) that you will make less in constant dollars than your parents in your lifetime if you are middle class. You may even be able to buy more stuff then them, due to massively increased credit expansion in the last 30 years, but at the end of your life, you will probably have made less money in constant dollars.   The idea that there is no class sytem in the US is idiotic to say the least. We have a president whose only qualification is that his last name is Bush.   You know I could run for governor, but I'm basically a media creation. I've never done anything. I've worked for my dad. I worked in the oil business. But that's not the kind of profile you have to have to get elected to public office.  -- Dubya in 1989
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class. I hope to god you're being facetious here.
You sure about that? I'd say it was more fluid then most other Western Nation. Winning the lottery in the US can put a janitor making poverty wages into the top tax brackets able to buy huge luxury homes next to hollywood stars. You won't find another Western Nation where that occurs on a pretty regular basis. Furthermore, the US is still a meritocracy for the most point. Those who have merit tend to rise above those who do not, regardless of previous economic positions. And there are many fall from grace stories of the Upper Class.  Y'know, the UK has a lottery too. Lotteries are actually a way in which money is transferred from the poor to the rich. My basis for saying US social mobility is low is the evidence: http://www.suttontrust.com/reports/IntergenerationalMobility.pdf daewoos point is rather irrelevant as the measures are based on quartiles, not on absolute measures of wealth.
Most countries have lotteries. You shoudl flip those tickets over and see what the odds of winning are. This is one of the weakest arguments I have very seen you make.  Okay, I have one. It had to come sometime.   There are NO western nations where sombody making poverty wages routinely moves in next to the rich and famous...unless they are moving into the servants quarters. The odds are good (94%) that you will make less in constant dollars than your parents in your lifetime if you are middle class. You may even be able to buy more stuff then them, due to massively increased credit expansion in the last 30 years, but at the end of your life, you will probably have made less money in constant dollars.  The idea that working harder will move you up is a joke. One has to be brilliant, have a solid idea for a market service or product and be able to get funding. Hard work doesn't cut anything these days (unless you're a nurse). However, there is social upward mobility for those who can meet the requirments of genius, luck and good ideas. In a true class system one could have all of those and be stuck in the class they were born into. My great grand father was a immigrant who worked on a farm who put all of his money into his children's education. My grandfather was one of the few to go to college and he then spent all of his money on my father and his sibling's education. Now I and my family are currently paying the AMT emoticon_xgood . Social mobility exists.   The idea that there is no class sytem in the US is idiotic to say the least. We have a president whose only qualification is that his last name is Bush.  Far more a meritocracy we are. Plutocracy yes though.
The idea that working harder will move you up is a joke. One has to be brilliant, have a solid idea for a market service or product and be able to get funding. Hard work doesn't cut anything these days (unless you're a nurse). However, there is social upward mobility for those who can meet the requirments of genius, luck and good ideas. In a true class system one could have all of those and be stuck in the class they were born into. My great grand father was a immigrant who worked on a farm who put all of his money into his children's education. My grandfather was one of the few to go to college and he then spent all of his money on my father and his sibling's education. Now I and my family are currently paying the AMT emoticon_xgood . Social mobility exists.   Today, if you have genius, luck, and good ideas, what will almost certainly happen is this:  You develop new product You produce and distribute new product Giant mega corporation finds that they own base patent for the concept behind that product You get used You spend everything you have defending yourself You run out of money You loose case. Giant corporation takes your product and remarkets it.   It used to be that we patented "things". Now we patent concepts, which pretty much closes down the whole "innovation" thing for individuals. I have a pretty good example of this. A guy I went to college with came to me a while back with an invention. It was a set top media center (played Mp3s, AVI's, MPEGS, etc.. as well as having DVR capability and several other really cool features). He wanted help developing it for market. After a little research, we found that TIVO owns the concept of a set top DVR, and they refuse to license it in quantities that an upstart development could use. They just finished suing DishNetwork for infringing on their conceptual patent.   SO, the guy has the genius, he has the luck, he has the idea. There is no doubt in my mind that he could have sold several million of his units. Unfortunatly even our patent system is set up now (I don't think it was originally) so only the wealthy and the mega corporations can derive any benifit from it.
Today, if you have genius, luck, and good ideas, what will almost certainly happen is this:  You develop new product You produce and distribute new product Giant mega corporation finds that they own base patent for the concept behind that product You get used You spend everything you have defending yourself You run out of money You loose case. Giant corporation takes your product and remarkets it.   It used to be that we patented "things". Now we patent concepts, which pretty much closes down the whole "innovation" thing for individuals. I have a pretty good example of this. A guy I went to college with came to me a while back with an invention. It was a set top media center (played Mp3s, AVI's, MPEGS, etc.. as well as having DVR capability and several other really cool features). He wanted help developing it for market. After a little research, we found that TIVO owns the concept of a set top DVR, and they refuse to license it in quantities that an upstart development could use. They just finished suing DishNetwork for infringing on their conceptual patent.   SO, the guy has the genius, he has the luck, he has the idea. There is no doubt in my mind that he could have sold several million of his units. Unfortunatly even our patent system is set up now (I don't think it was originally) so only the wealthy and the mega corporations can derive any benifit from it.  Amazon tried (or may have) to patent the idea of "checking out" for an online store. In theory broad ideas like this shouldn't have patents but we gotta have a-holes out there that do this kinda stuff
Amazon tried (or may have) to patent the idea of "checking out" for an online store. In theory broad ideas like this shouldn't have patents but we gotta have a-holes out there that do this kinda stuff  IIRC they DID manage to patent it, but Wal Mart went to court with them and got it reversed.   The problem is that the patent office will grant you a patent for damn near anything. Then it is up to you to defend it. if you are Amazon, or Google, or Wal Mart, or TiVO, you file for whatever you want and know that you can afford to screw anybody who infringes on your insanely overbroad conceptual patent. If you are not a huge multimillion dollar corporate interest, those who have the current insanely overbroad patents just keep you in court until you are broke, then kindly offer to drop their lawsuit and not seek damages if you just sign your patent over to them. People do it because by that point they realize that they can no longer afford to mount a defense, so the alternative is to loose the case, and have not only been wiped out but OWE damages.  This is how we were going to fund the US into the 21st century. We were going to patent everything on the planet with these insanely overborad conceptual patents and then force international companies to honor them. Instead the Chinese, Koreans, indians, and to some extent the Europeans looked at these insanely broad conceptual patents and said "screw that". They simply ignore them. Unfortunatly here in the US we don't have that luxury.
IIRC they DID manage to patent it, but Wal Mart went to court with them and got it reversed.   The problem is that the patent office will grant you a patent for damn near anything. Then it is up to you to defend it. if you are Amazon, or Google, or Wal Mart, or TiVO, you file for whatever you want and know that you can afford to screw anybody who infringes on your insanely overbroad conceptual patent. If you are not a huge multimillion dollar corporate interest, those who have the current insanely overbroad patents just keep you in court until you are broke, then kindly offer to drop their lawsuit and not seek damages if you just sign your patent over to them. People do it because by that point they realize that they can no longer afford to mount a defense, so the alternative is to loose the case, and have not only been wiped out but OWE damages.  This is how we were going to fund the US into the 21st century. We were going to patent everything on the planet with these insanely overborad conceptual patents and then force international companies to honor them. Instead the Chinese, Koreans, indians, and to some extent the Europeans looked at these insanely broad conceptual patents and said "screw that". They simply ignore them. Unfortunatly here in the US we don't have that luxury.  Its a fine line though. China already ignores many of the copyright and patent laws we have. The problem with this is that it limits creative thinking because no one wants to take the time if someone will steal it. But now you can't think of anything new because someone already might have covered it barely. It is like an extreme opposite.   Perhaps they should start a requirement of of exact use of the patented item along with 1-2 yrs to start selling or anyone can use it.   How the amazon patent made it is beyond me. Thats like trying to patent walking.
due to the unexpected levels of cooling caused by aerosol sprays, which reflect heat from the sun.This is from an article I read on it...so if we just get a bunch of aerosol spray cans we can combat any warming emoticon_xgood
:) Yes it is. Understanding what is coming and why is a wonderful thing. The bible is like having access to tomorrows news today. People have been saying that for the last 2000 years. Religious doomsayers are IMO as credible as the Bush administration.
People have been saying that for the last 2000 years. Religious doomsayers are IMO as credible as the Bush administration.  Now now, don't be THAT harsh on the Bush administration. Even they are a tiny bit more credible than the religious doomsayers. ;)
What do you mean continue to increase? Earthquakes and volcanoe eruptions have steadily declined for billions of years, the only reason they may seem like they are becoming more common is because an earthquake in indonesia that kills 20 people actually makes the news now, unlike 30 years ago.  Very true. Just look at all of the flood basalts around the world like the Deccan traps and the Columbia flood basalt, and look at the evidence for megatsunamis and impacts with comets or asteroids (Chicxulub). Things were much more violent in the past. And to add to reasons it seems more common - besides things like that making the news now, there are also several billion more people on the earth, so if something like an earthquke does happen, it hurts a lot more people and destroys a lot more homes (same thing with viruses like Ebola - humans are encroaching on areas they have not been before, and when they encounter new diseases like that they tend to think that "everything is getting worse and happening faster")
Turns out, scientists just found out that over the last 3-4 decades (the term of the Earth's warming since its last cooling) both the Earth and Mars have risen in average temperature 1/2 degrees celcius. Only difference is there are no human carbon emissions on Mars. This is further evidence that leads me to believe that human's impact on global warming is not near as significant as the environmentalist movement harps on and the sun actually has more to do with warming than we do. Anyone's thoughts?  Earth certainly goes through cycles of massive climate change without any human intervention. Question is whether or not human emissions have hastened/added to this
both sides are just pure speculation.
we'd better start shipping bags of ice to the other planets.
This is cool. umgd
There is definitely a controversy between whether or not Global Warming is happening or not. I know that where I live, the year-round temperature is actually getting colder! Anyway, even if Global Warming was a proven fact, nothing should change. We should still be trying to create as little pollution as possible, right? So, what does it matter?
Weather the earth warms or cools there is not much difference in what it would do to our infrastructure.  Climate change could happen faster then our technology and money could compensate for.  The earth&#8217;s climate is changing constantly even without the help of our civilization.  It was called the ice age and glaciers covered a big chunk of North America.  The study of climate change is important.  Even though it contradicts it self it&#8217;s still something we should be keeping a close watch on.
Thing is, we know that heightened CO2 levels cause warming, it's a matter of basic physics. We know that CO2 levels have increased massively in recent years, now around 35% above the long term average. We know that the increase is a result of human activity. The only topic for discussion is how much of an increase will be caused in the future.  The latest estimate that I heard was : If we institute all of the Cap and Trade provisions in Waxman-Markey, we'll decrease the mean temp by 0.05F by 2050 at a cost of $Trillions.
we know you are a troll.  He's a troll because he's in OZ? Oh wait, aren't YOU in OZ, too? ;)
There is no overriding government interest in climate change that I can see. It would be an awful lot easier in both Britain and the US to rely on coal. Britain has coal for 300 years or more (and considerable marginal oil shales in places like North Somerset), I could see an argument for a tory government 20 years ago not wanting coal from a political point of view, but any government today would rather do without the headache of nimbyism over wind turbines and nuclear power. I don't see an interest for the government in higher energy prices either. Either politicians have genuine concerns about climate change, or they are responding to public concerns about climate change for electoral expediency.   I disagree. There is a huge windfall to be gained by our government (US) in the form of Cap and Trade. Selling CO2 credits is like selling the "ether" that fills the universe. It is a license to print money and our liberal government sees that with crystal clarity.  Additionally, pumping 10's of billion of taxpayer dollars into renewable energy projects creates jobs and keeps politicians in office.  So, it is imperative that Obama and crew sell the idea of AGW to the gullable public in order for him to finance his liberal programs.  I agree that the short term impact of energy saving measures will be cancelled out by growth in China and India, but in 10 years time we need to be able to go to India and China and say, "look, we know it wouldn't be fair to ask you to not develop in order to save the world from the mess we made, but we've cut our contribution as much as possible, here's the tech we've used now can you agree to use this in future and develop more sustainably?" There's already signs of this happening with India asking for development money for a massive photo-voltaic solar plant.   Are you serious? You expect China to curtail its growth in order to "save the world"? That's a lot to ask of a country that has almost zero regard for the environment now.   As for fusion, I don't know enough detail the make a judgement of my own, but I understand that cold fusion is impossible as far as our current knowledge of physics goes, and hot fusion will need to be on a massive scale to produce rather than consume energy, because containing plasma is hugely energy consuming.  I doubt that we'll see a fusion reactor in our lifetime. It would require huge advances in magnetic containment and solving a host of other extreme temperature issues. Breeder reactors seems to be the ticket. You make energy and fuel at the same time. It's a win-win proposition.
The government already has a licence to print money, it doesn't need another one. Besides, if the government raises revenue from CO2 credits instead of other taxation, all it does it alter the tax base. If the government needs more revenue then it's not a bad way of getting it. Governments don't raise taxes to spend on swimming pools and hookers (actually may be they do in the US, the way bills get through congress I wouldn't be surprised to find a "Company for lonely Congressmen" rider attached to the climate change bill) they spend it on infrastructure and helping people (and blowing things up of course).  Most government-run spending programs are inefficient - downright ridiculous. If you think solar and windpower are viable alternatives to our current/future energy needs, you need to lay off the crack pipe. The shear acreage needed for wind and solar farms will requires many states to be covered wall-to-wall with such monstrosities. And never mind that you would have to build in a large overcapacity and include energy storage farms to handle the inherent randomness of wind/sunshine.   Sorry, renewable energy is going to create jobs and so you think this is a bad thing?!  I think any artificially created make-work job is a bad thing. If it makes fiscal sense, the private industry would fund it itself.  That's not what I said, I said we can't expect carbon cuts from China until we can offer them the technology to continue to grow and cut carbon at the same time. It's outrageous for us to expect them to keep their people in poverty before we put a brake on our wasteful lifestyles.  China has no interest in becoming PC. They have sewn up Russian oil with long-term deals and made several other long-term commitments to fossil fuels. And, IMO, they aren't as gullable as The West is.
You're vastly exaggerating the space required for solar. Wind is part of the solution, but so are wave, tidal, biomass and others. Solar hot water heating is very efficient and cost effective, for example, and would drastically cut gas and electricity use. Using reflectors to focus sunlight onto water to drive turbines and generate electricity also has a lot of promise. The other key thing is that energy consumption needs to be cut, insulation, heat exchange systems, better build quality will all make a big dent in energy consumption, before we get on to actual lifestyle changes, like fuel efficient vehicles and public transport.  Solar heating of water is already in widespread use in those areas that actually get regular sunlight. I saw many examples of it while in Hawaii, for example. For the rest of us though, especially those of you in foggy England, solar isn't a viable answer.  Additionally, there needs to be a back-up system for when the sun isn't shining...like at night, which occurs on a regular basis. ;)  And as for the land requirements needed for solar farms, I'll dig up the number of thousands of square miles needed based on a study that I read when I get a chance to.  On edit:  The largest solar farm will be 80MW peak and occupy 640 acres - 1 square mile. The US electricity consumption for 2005 was 3,816,000,000 MWh. Assuming 365 days of sunlight at peak output for 12 hours/day, you'd still need 11890 square miles of solar panels to meet US' 2005 demand. Now, if we convert to electic automobiles, we'll need to start building our houses on pontoons in the ocean because there won't be enough land left for houses. ;)  Check my math though, I'm doing this while working.
You're vastly exaggerating the space required for solar. Wind is part of the solution, but so are wave, tidal, biomass and others. Solar hot water heating is very efficient and cost effective, for example, and would drastically cut gas and electricity use. Using reflectors to focus sunlight onto water to drive turbines and generate electricity also has a lot of promise. The other key thing is that energy consumption needs to be cut, insulation, heat exchange systems, better build quality will all make a big dent in energy consumption, before we get on to actual lifestyle changes, like fuel efficient vehicles and public transport.  No, he really isn't. Solar and wind require monstrous amounts of land to be feasible.  A 1,000 megawatt facility would require over enormous amounts of land for solar, and even greater for wind.  The NERC is projecting that by 2017, energy consumption in merely the US will be 925GW for summer and 756 GW for winter.  That's "G" as in GIGA.
