Capitalism is the only system that works with our natural existence. No one ever sacrifices themselfs for anything inwhich they do not have a stake in short or long term. It is a deinal of self perservation to be alutistic. Why should socity domand anything from me inwhich I do not constent to? Is that not salvery? the only thing we can ask for is that we ensalvery ourselves and not others, becuase the only person that can force you to a full life of work is yourself. Work for yourself to do what you like and not what others like, and in capitalism, you get to reep the rewards of both Mazslos highest fulliment of happiness (reaching a higher goal) and weath. Seeking weath for weath's sake is wrong, becuase the only way one can do that is by forcing others into things that contradicts with their own ego and goals. I should be expected to do what I am best at, and persue that with vigor. Anything else is without constent is salvery, and I have no one to blame but myself for the lack of insite on my ownself to see the flaw of expecting others to take care of ourself and creating a system that promotes some form of moral salvery.  And if one person creates something that was becuase of their self salvery to acheave a life goal, how does that negitively affect others? It doesnt, infact, those people who couldnt create it, now have it to their benifit. But the great irony about such people that have be sure of their ego are the to contrubted to our lifes and become the target of masses for distruction for nonlogical reason, like Socreties. its this people that would be oppressed in other systems, and becuase of that, we all loose.
There is a flaw with the question itself. Capitalism is not a form of government. However, the government can impose it. The only time that this has ever been the case remains in places like the Soviet Union, which Tito dubbed as state capitalism. China has been able to avert the kind of destruction seen by the former Soviet Union by allowing more free-market elements within their economic system.   That is the fundamental difference of the system that Fllingupwards proposes, and free-market economies. The point of the free-market is to key the two entities separate. Here government slightly regulates the market system. In socialism, government takes control of many or all means of production. Clearly, it is easy to see how socialism is both a political and economic system. Where as, this remains untrue for a democratic government that adheres to free-market principles. The best system is obviously the free-enterprise system that has allowed the great technological advances that we have grown accustomed to.
I agree with broker, of coarse. I MYSELF have needed help and am grateful to have recieved it when I needed it. There are success stories. When someone abuses help, it should be taken away. Today..... thanks to people abusing it, there are single pregnant women (like you guys were saying) who bust there hump and work full time and pay there way in life on there own. When they go to apply for AID, they get tossed around in the system, and never recieve medical assistance. That's because there is a women out there who sits at home all day with her baby, and lives with a boyfriend, and has it real easy. Robinhood, I mean, Falling, I have been poor. I dropped out of school, Today I (at 20) have my own apartment, and worked my butt off to be able to live in comfort for well over a year. There was a time I hated Capitalism, because conservatives weren't as naive as the bleeding heart liberals, who enabling me to as broker said (i think) be lazy! I dont want the little bit of money I have to work with being taken away from me to enable someone else. To help em' out sure but, 85% is a freakin' joke!!!!!
Whole nother debate, but the rich earned it too. Robinhood was a good guy, but the people he was stealing from to give to the poor were mean bad guys, not every rich person is like that. That's what makes our country so great! Your opportunities are up to you. Just because someone earned a better living doesn't mean that they should get hit harder.
In the end it's all a way to control us, and blind us to the fact that our freedom is being taken away!
Depends on where our money goes, and I am not brainwashed.:p
unemployment did not decrease during reagans administration, it increased. and the deficit remained extremely high until clinton's administration.  can you please respond to FDR and his New Deal that saved the country?  FDR saved this country? If I recall, it was in 1933 that, because of a combination of weakened capital situations from Reconstruction Finance Corporation loans which published lists of the loan takers, and a nation-wide banking holiday, banks around the country went through a new wave of demise, dropping the D/C and D/R ratios so sharply that, in one month alone, the money stock (M2) fell a whopping 4 1/2%.  Wasnt it under FDR that the NIRA codes, and, after 1935, the NLRA, enacted minimum wages, driving up nominal wages and thus unemployment?  Wasnt it during FDR administration that the reserve ratio was *doubled*, sending us back into another recession starting 1937?  The only thing FDR "saved" was the depression for a couple more years.  -GFA
i thought that this would be a good thread to distinguish between socialism and communism. i think most people do not really understand the differences between the two.
They are supposed to be different but they are not. In the end they both do the same thing: take money away from the rich and give it to the poor, and make us all like robots. (Same income, same house, same car, same job, etc.)
can i get a response by someone who really knows something about this topic (not someone who has been brainwashed into thinking capitalism is God)
i have been confused about the differences between the two. i have heard that communism gives money to the government and socialism gives money to the people. if this is the case, then i definitly favor socialism. i've also heard that communism favors in exact equality in the wealth of every citizen, while socialism works for a more equal distribution of wealth but not exactly equal. i do know that socialist countries have free health care and a lot of cool government programs. i also know that communist countries suppress many freedoms such as speech.  socialism to me seems to be halfway between capitalism and communism. it takes the best of both worlds. it takes the idea of equal wealth from communism and the idea of freedoms such as speech from capitalism. but the main reason why i started this thread was to clear up my misunderstanding about the differences between the two.  american, based on ur previous posts, i know that you probably despise socialism and love capitalism. so when you respond and tell me the differences between socialism and communism, just give me the facts not your personal opinion. i am not interested in a debate between capitalism and socialism, i am interested in a debate between socialism and communism. thank you.
fallingupwards: I have not been "brainwashed" as you say. Okay, if you want to debate with facts then here they are:  Socialism: 1 : any of various economic and political theories advocating collective or governmental ownership and administration of the means of production and distribution of goods 2 a : a system of society or group living in which there is no private property b : a system or condition of society in which the means of production are owned and controlled by the state  3 : a stage of society in Marxist theory transitional between capitalism and communism and distinguished by unequal distribution of goods and pay according to work done.   Communism: 1 a : a theory advocating elimination of private property b : a system in which goods are owned in common and are available to all as needed 2 capitalized a : a doctrine based on revolutionary Marxian socialism and Marxism-Leninism that was the official ideology of the U.S.S.R. b : a totalitarian system of government in which a single authoritarian party controls state-owned means of production c : a final stage of society in Marxist theory in which the state has withered away and economic goods are distributed equitably d : communist systems collectively   Reference: www.m-w.com (mirriam webster dictionary)  As you can see, socialism and communism are very similar. Both systems require citizens to work in state owned production plants where the products are then given to the government for "equal distribution". Is that a good enough explanation for you?
calli, i know the dictionary definition of the two terms. i am merely trying to have a discussion of the differences between the two. the american people have been trained to think that anything other than capitalism is evil. you have obviously fallen victim to this. capitalism gives all the money to the very rich. did you know that one percent of the american population holds 80% of the wealth? that means that for every dollar, one percent gets 80% and the other 99% have to split the 20 cents. that doesnt sound very fair to me.  and dont give me that XXXX that those people earned it. are you trying to imply that only one percent of the united states works hard and the other 99% are lazy??
Guess who gives people jobs in the first place? Business owners! (a.k.a. "rich people") If they have more money, then they can hire more people. Less money for them means more layoffs for us. No I am not implying that the other 99% are lazy, I am implying that they can't get jobs unless the business owners (a.k.a. "rich people") have money to hire them in the first place!
excuse me for believing that business owners should not make billions and billions of dollars. excuse me for having compassion for the poor. excuse me for following Christ's example by believing the rich should share their wealth with the less fortunate. i apologize
You're excused. Just because Christ told the rich to share their money with the less fortunate doesn't mean that the government has the right to force them to. Why shouldn't business owners make billions and billions of dollars? They earned it! More jobs for us!
most rich people did not earn their billions of dollars. many of them inherit it. look at the Rockefellers for instance. they dont work hard. they got all their money passed down to them. look at George W. he's an idiot but he's rich because he inherited it from his father.  please please please. enough with the "they earned it" XXXX. i have used this example countless of times before. i'm going to be a teacher after college. i'm going to be poor the rest of my life. are you trying to say that i'm not working hard???? if you are, then you are a very very ignorant person (even though i think you already are). i'm going to work just as hard (or probably harder) than those billionares but i'm going to be poor.   in a socialist country, this would not be the case. we should tax the rich more and give their extra money to the WORKING class.  Jesus Christ clearly said in the bible that the rich MUST give to the poor in order to be accepted into the kingdom of heaven. the problem is, MOST rich people do not give money to the poor, relative to how much they make.
most rich people did not earn their billions of dollars. many of them inherit it. look at the Rockefellers for instance. they dont work hard. they got all their money passed down to them. look at George W. he's an idiot but he's rich because he inherited it from his father.  Yeah, they inherited it from their parents...who earned it.  please please please. enough with the "they earned it" XXXX. i have used this example countless of times before. i'm going to be a teacher after college. i'm going to be poor the rest of my life. are you trying to say that i'm not working hard???? if you are, then you are a very very ignorant person (even though i think you already are). i'm going to work just as hard (or probably harder) than those billionares but i'm going to be poor.  Why didn't they earn it? Just because you have made the decision to become a teacher doesn't mean that you don't have the opportunity to also become a billionare. You are deciding to become a teacher, which doesn't pay much. They just decided to invent new products and sell them which made them billions. Until you know what it is like to run a business, you can't make judgment calls by saying that you are going to work "just as hard" or "harder" than they do.
i'm going to be a teacher because i love history and thats what i want to do. so why should i be punished for it? why should i have to live in poverty for working just as hard as a billionare. i should be able to work hard at something and make a REAL contribution to society without being poor.   a person should not become a billionare based on what their parents did. are you in favor of our government offices being passed down in peoples families? for example, should every president be in the Bush family? after all, the first one did earn it.  you didnt answer my other comment. Jesus clearly stated that the rich will not enter the kingdom of heaven if they do not share their wealth with the poor. he said "it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven". most rich people do not share their wealth, and as a result there is a huge unequal distribution of wealth. it is the government's responsibility to look after the people. therefore, the government must help the poor.
i'm going to be a teacher because i love history and thats what i want to do. so why should i be punished for it? why should i have to live in poverty for working just as hard as a billionare. i should be able to work hard at something and make a REAL contribution to society without being poor.  Oh, so business owners don't make "real" contributions to society?  a person should not become a billionare based on what their parents did. are you in favor of our government offices being passed down in peoples families? for example, should every president be in the Bush family? after all, the first one did earn it.  Whoa boy, slow down there. I didn't say that government offices should be passed down. What are you going to do...make inheritence illegal?  you didnt answer my other comment. Jesus clearly stated that the rich will not enter the kingdom of heaven if they do not share their wealth with the poor. he said "it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven". most rich people do not share their wealth, and as a result there is a huge unequal distribution of wealth. it is the government's responsibility to look after the people. therefore, the government must help the poor.  You didn't read my answer obviously. Just because people have money doesn't mean they HAVE TO share it. The government doesn't have the right to take money away from the rich and give it to the poor. So what if rich people don't give money to the poor! It's THEIR CHOICE. God tells us to give money to the poor, but he also gave us a free will. It's not the governments responsibility to help the poor, it's the church's responsibility.
According to Marx socialism further perfects itself when it moves into communism. Free speech is opressed because someone will always want to change the system.   The only way socialist states support themselves is with very, very high taxes. The government takes enough from us already... that's why poverty rates are higher in many socialist countries...the goverment takes even more (Source: CIA Factbook, 2002).  I understand that a lot of people are poor, but sometimes its their own fault. It's not our job to bail them out because they made a huge mistake. A good example is getting pregnant. A lot of girls have to jump out of school and leave their previous lives. They made the mistake, the did the stupid thing. I don't want to pay for it.  Most rich people give a lot of their family fortunes away when they die. Bill Gates' will gives most of his money to charity, and he already has a $30 billion foundation. He leave enough for his children to live comfortable lives. I have no problem with that. He started the company, he bought most of the stock. The company didn't pay him billions, the stock soared. Good for him. He generated a lot of wealth and money that people and the government would not have.   Carnegie and Rockefeller did something similar. Carnegie wrote that "The man who dies rich dies disgraced." Both of them gave billions of dollars in today's money away.   Rich people can do what they want. They keep things moving. It's rich people who start most new companies... they have enough money to spare some.
Bill Gates actually makes around $250,000 a year... the same most of the other executives of Microsoft make.   I was looking into starting a business. I've planned for a long time and my projections tell me it would probably work. But the complicated tax code and high tax rates won't let that business off the ground...   If that business were to succeed, I'll give myself a nice salary. I started the business. If the employees aren't happy with what I pay them thats too bad. Executives work very, very hard. They have to often take personal responsibility for what their company does. They've usually been the ones who planned the business or who went to college for four years to get their degree to run that business. It sort of boils down to intelligence and how lazy a person is. I'm trying to get into the IB Program so that I stand a good chance of not having to pay so much for my post-secondary education. My parents can't really help me with it. But you want to take even more from them so everyone can have healthcare. That is insane. Don't punish people too much for being successful. I would not mind paying a high tax rate if I was rich, but I don't want you taking more than half of my money. I made that money, not you. And that money you were supposed to spend educating me? Yeah, never saw it. Didn't go to me or the people in the class who will grow up to make 60% of the change. Reorganize your priorities. You aren't going to help me so much, but if I become successful you'll want my money.   My science teacher had a gifted program when he was in 1st grade. Out of around 18 people, 11 went on to get doctorates. One is the chief Chinese translator for the UN. Now look at them! Look at what they did! But Uncle Sam didn't spend any more money on them...those other six may have gone on to be just as successful.
Bah, most of these debates are completely seperate from their titles. Just can't help myself.
i apologize american. i assumed that you would try to convert me to capitalism cuz your name is "american" and that was wrong of me. i'm sorry.  socialism is much better than communism because it allows us to keep our basic freedoms such as speech.  broker, i think you mentioned in a separate post that you are a christian. yet whenever you make posts, you certainly dont talk like one. christians are supposed to have compassion for the needy and be merciful. just because a teenager makes one single mistake by getting pregnant does not mean that she should have to pay for that mistake the rest of her life. you dont want to help those people? that is borderlining on greed, my friend. Christ taught us to show mercy on those who have sinned (actually we all have sinned). try to be more like Christ, and you will find yourself to be a much more friendly, compassionate, and loving person. :)
i would sure as hell hate to pay for someone elses screw ups, like some teenagers baby that she had, its her damn problem  so because a bunch of business men make alot of money, they should give it to a bunch of bums and failures  now im sure there are people out there that have had no choice but to be in poverty, but many are worthless and should not get money for their mistakes
Cool Hand Dave: If you read page one, you'll see that we've already been over most of this. :) Just because business people make a lot of money doesn't mean that they don't work as hard as other people. People just have this preconceived idea of lazy fat business people sitting in comfortable leather chairs all day and bossing people around. Oh yeah, and as I have been already told off for, this isn't a debate about capitalism vs. socialism. It's about the "differences between socialism and communism". :)
coolhanddave, you hit the nail right on the head. business execs may work hard, but they do not work any harder than teachers and construction workers who get paid XXXX. we need reform and we need it now
How many years did those construction workers go to College? Teachers should make more money... Florida has this nice thing called a class size amendment. Now we will double our schools and teachers to comply and pay hundreds of billions of dollars to do it. Ugh... I'd love to see more go to teachers, but here in Florida the liberals pushed that through and those pay raises are impossible. That amendment passed by 1%. Most people didn't know how much it would cost, and that is the only reason why it passed.   Business is not easy. As an executive you have to give your personal gurantee on financial statements or other important things. If something goes wrong you go to jail or pay huge penalties. You have to make the big decisions. That executive is usually the main strategist who is planning the company's entire future. That guy in the cubicle doesn't do that.   Seems to me that when you have a good CEO the company turns up and makes much more and people get a 5% pay raise. Nothing is wrong with rewarding the guy who doubled revenues.
Exactly! You use what you have left to try and get back off... the government doesn't help you. But if someone makes a stupid choice that they could easily have prevented the government rushes in to help them. It's not our fault that someone makes a stupid choice. So be it. Every great mistake has a halfway moment. They knew the risks.   I'm probably not that compassionate. If I ever get rich I'll give a lot for charity. Raising my taxes to 85% is unacceptable. When I give to charity I know where the money goes. When I give to the government some of my money ends up being spent on cattle research or paying some SEC people more than the president.   A business can set its pay as high as it wants... that money belongs to the company. The government needs to set limits because it isn't their money.   I have my own plans to deal with the problems: 1. Create a progressive tax rate that takes no more than 50% of anyone's money.  2. Create a free healthcare plan for anyone at or below a certain income level.  3. Reform welfare and don't hesitate to cut benefits if someone is being lazy.  4. Raise excise taxes on tabacco and alcohol products, luxury cars, and many other goods.  5. Provide more money for people at or below a certain income level to go to college.  Anyone can live the American dream. If someone's parents make stupid choices their kids don't have to. They can do well in school, go to a good college, and get a nice job.
Originally posted by Calligirl  They are supposed to be different but they are not. In the end they both do the same thing: take money away from the rich and give it to the poor, and make us all like robots. (Same income, same house, same car, same job, etc.)    She hit it close enough. Socialist states tax people A LOT. As long as people have guns and are not robots that will never happen here in the United States. The IRS is the most hated branch of the government and they are not even close to collecting the same kind of taxes in Europe.  So don't let them take your guns!
Originally posted by fallingupwards  coolhanddave, you hit the nail right on the head. business execs may work hard, but they do not work any harder than teachers and construction workers who get paid XXXX. we need reform and we need it now    We don't need reform. Sound to me your really not ready to be a teacher. Poverty = teaching, accept it or find something else to do.  Through all of human history, when the divide between rich and poor and become too much. The poor simply kill the rich and take what they have. It has happened before, it will happen again. Don't worry the poor will take care of themselves. Oh as long as they have guns!  XXXXXX people = massive reform. Two hundred years for a government to be in business is a very very long time. If our free market system is truely injust it will not last.
listen my friend, if i was so money-hungry like broker i would never want to teach. but i really dont care about money. call me crazy, but i never want to be a millionaire. i want to make a serious contribution to society and enjoy my job at the same time (i'm a huge history person). but at the same time, i still need to make enough money to support a family. that is not too much to ask is it?  to be honest broker, i liked some of your reforms. i'm serious. they dont sound to capitalistic to me.
I like a mix, leaning toward capitalism.   I would also like to be a teacher, but I could never live on that salary. I plan to go into business, make my money, and if my career in politics doesn't take off, become a teacher...a history teacher. I love history!  I'm not money hungry. I want to live better than I do now, and I'm prepared to do something to make that happen. Not all people are.   And to those in other, less wealthy countries our poor are considered well off.
broker, if you want to teach then teach!!! c'mon man, money does not mean that much. you can live off 50,000 a year and still raise a family and live in a house. you dont need all that material stuff. do something that you would really enjoy, dont let money decide for you. i know this is very very cliche, but it is so true: money does not buy happiness
Teachers make $30,000 here. $50,000 is about 10-15 years into the job.
Falling doesn't think their healthcare is bad... XD
what is better: no healthcare because you cant afford it or descent healthcare for free?  you can easily live off 40,000 a year. that shouldnt be a problem, unless you have a huge desire for material things that never last. or you can become a teacher and make a real impact on society.
That decent healthcare would cost $100 billion, at least, and it we would have huge waiting lists, huge shortages, etc, etc.   I don't know if I could live off of that much money. At least half go to essentials, and then with two children and a wife...   And I wouldn't want to enter the school system at this point. I can not work with those... children. Times will change, though.
can you please site your sources when you say 100 billion? thanks.  i never said get rid of privatized health care. if you can afford it, then go to a private health care place. but if you cant, then free health care is well worth it.  since you are unwilling to become a teacher yourself, stop whining about the school system.
It was a report by a medical organization on why we should have free healthcare. I can't remember what I searched on Yahoo! to get it... it was by an organization wanting free healthcare, so I'd call it fairly accurate.   I am in the school system. Watch me whine.
i cant watch, but i can read
emoticon_rolleyes Fine, read me whine. Always with this and that...
Falling:  The trend I see in your post is that you advocate a mandatory and instutionalized charity for the poor. You basically advocate forced giving for people who have money. To me that just strikes too much of someone telling me what I must do against my will.  To really achieve social justice, a major shift in how humans view the poor is needed. A major shift in the morality and ethical treatment of the poor in this country will achive your vision of social justice.  Passing laws and government institutions do a very poor job of teaching ethics and morality to people. You are approaching the solution of poverty in this country from the wrong venue.  When was the last time the IRS, BATF, or FAA gave a lesson on the ethical treatment of the poor? When governments does try to teach ethics and morality it then becomes social engineering that rates up there with the Nazis.  When people finaly accept what the worlds religions have been teaching for thousands of years about care to the poor, will there finally be social justice, without socialism or government social engineering.
Government social enginering?  Risk of sounding like a broken record.  Another reason for not letting the government take your guns!
kelvin, if rich people gave then we would not have to have taxes. but the fact is that they dont, or they dont give enough. there's a bunch of money-hungry multi-billionaires out there who are competing to see who can have the most money. meanwhile, there are homeless people living all over the cities streets and single working mothers who cannot afford the basic necessities of life.  this may come as a shock to you, but i believe that the ultimate LONG-TERM goal should be anarchy or at least libertarianism. now you might be saying to yourself, "i thought falling was a supporter of big government". think to yourself: if our country went to anarchy or libertarianism, poverty would skyrocket and there would be total chaos. why? because people are not used to sharing their money with those who have not been as lucky or fortunate as them. that is why i think we need a strong socialist government now to instill the idea of sharing (which is a Christian principle) into the rich person's head. this will take at least a good 75 to 100 years of socialism. after this period, it will come naturally for the rich to give to the poor. government will become unnessesary except for law enforcement/defense and poverty will be eliminated.  you might laugh at my theory and label it as "idealistic", but thats ok. idealism can be good too:)
hell will freeze over before that happens
You can never kill greed. It wouldn't last.
ghetto, would you care to share with us what you think is the best government and why? and give some intelligent reasons, for a change.
Always insulting others and inserting words no one said... what skill!
Hmmm! The government teaching people to share? What office would that be called. The Department of Morality and Ethics? What happens if people don't measure up the governments yard stick of morality?  Once you build a govenment institution, it is almost impossible to make it just go away. Build a socialist infastructure and all you get is bigger and bigger government.  So after you achive the socialist government and finally build your long term goal of a libertarianism government, do you just say the country is now enlightened we don't need you any more?  Your not going to convince the rich to share the wealth with more laws or institutions. Government and socialism is about control. Once they have it you don't get it back.
Yes! With capitalism, you can be stupid or you can be smart. You can make the wrong choices or the right choices. Every great mistake has a halfway moment! Everyone has a chance...including those in poverty.
then explain to me why most people who are born in poverty, remain in poverty their whole life?? or vice-versa??  i believe that human behavior is shaped by our environment. john locke called this the "tabula rasa" or "blank tablet". everything we learn comes through experience. therefore, if an entire generation grows up in a socialist and cooperative environment, they will naturally be cooperative. there will always be a couple greedy people out there, but they will be a small minority because everyone grew up in a cooperative environment.  kelvin, suppose you are right when you say that the socialist government would be unwilling to give up their control. i would still take a socialist government over a capitalist government. and when i said that we would go from a socialist government to a libertarian government, i meant a gradual change probably covering a span of about 50 years. we are going through a gradual change as we speak, from capitalism to socialism. i wish the process would speed up, but nonetheless we are going through a gradual change.
We creating some social welfare programs, yes, but this country won't go socialist for a long time, and I hope it never does.
explain to me why most people who are born in poverty, remain in poverty their whole life?? or vice-versa??
Maybe because they either don't try to get a job, or they don't care. In America there is no excuse for being poor. There is equal opportunity for everyone. (If you're willing to work hard enough.)
so it is just a coincidence that the majority (over 50%) of people born in poverty remain in poverty their whole life? somehow i doubt that...
They can get out of it if they are willing to work hard enough! Many are not.
Originally posted by fallingupwards   because people are not used to sharing their money with those who have not been as lucky or fortunate as them. that is why i think we need a strong socialist government    What do you do with the people who don't agree with the government and don't want to share? Does the government "re-educate" them. Do you make them criminals? Or push their dead bodies into a secret ditch?   Doesn't sound like social justice to me. Then again a strong socialist government at that point could get away with anything, because citizens don't have guns.  Was it you that said, "With proper application of socialism you can defeat poverty" or something like it. Well does that also mean gun control.   Just answer me this one question: Can you have a socialist state without gun control?
Yeah, no matter how you conduct it there will always be resistance. Is it going to be a police state so things stay the same?
Broker:  Still afraid of guns? Because the only way the government is going to get away with high taxation is when they can take all the guns away from XXXXXX off people. Remember 1776 was all about taxes!  People like you are going to be the first in line for "re-education" when we get a socialist government.
But the great thing about this country is that we control the government. If the majority puts it socialist yours guns won't stop it.
yeah, we saw how well the tax-free Articles of Confederation did. it did very well...except for the fact that it was a complete failure.  anyway, i am a firm believer that the government should not control the media or the flow of ideas, even if we are in a socialist government. freedom of speech, religion, and press will always be very very important. i would much much rather have a capitalist government with free speech than a socialist government without free speech. free speech is more important than any governmental system.  we do not need to "re-educate" anyone. you claim that socialism would not work because there would always be resistance. well, what about resistance to capitalism. there are many many people out there who resist capitalism (like me:)). but there is no need to "re-educate" these wicked free-thinking radicals.   my point is there will always be some resistance NO MATTER WHAT TYPE OF GOVERNMENT YOU HAVE. under a capitalist government, there will always be people who resist and the same goes for a socialist government as well
Who is calling for no taxes?
Originally posted by fallingupwards     my point is there will always be some resistance NO MATTER WHAT TYPE OF GOVERNMENT YOU HAVE. under a capitalist government, there will always be people who resist and the same goes for a socialist government as well    I belive that is a supporting statement for small government. Big government = big taxes.  The Red Scare was unjust. But that is what government does, it meters out injustice. What you propose is making the 500lb gorilla of government we have into a 2000lb gorilla. It is not about capitalism or socialism, it is about runaway government. You socialist agenda simply pushes runaway government much further along than our current government.
Socialist or Capitalist? The end result is the same when the government gets too big and powerful. You have already seen the result of a runway capitalist government with the Red Scare. If our own government could have gotten away with kiling the socialist and hiding thier bodies in a secret ditch it would have. Communism was runaway socialism. When you give the government more money, more authority, more power, that is exactly what it does, it becomes a 2000lb gorilla.
Socialist governments are more likely to bail out business than our government, Falling. You're so anti-business...
i am anti-big business or anti-corporations. i am a supporter of small businesses. for example, there was a shopping center close to my home with a lot of small businesses. they were doing very good and then all of a sudden, Target (a large corporation) moves in. they take all of the business away and all of the small places go bankrupt. corporations destroy small business.
50% of small businesses never sell to the public, they sell to those big corporations.
i am mostly referring to small shops and stores that people run. simple partnerships and sole proprietorships
There's a Target store in the plaza near where I live. There are lots of small shops open around it and always have been...
i worked as a cashier at target for two years. so i would know. a small shop did not last for more than two months at that shopping center because target took all the customers away
THe small shops around Target here haven't shut down...
i swear man, a shop cannot stay there for more than a month or two. its in a rich part of town too.  broker, just freakin admit it. if a walmart or target moves into an area with a bunch of small shops, those shops profits are going to drop like crazy. and when profits decrease, the shops have to leave. why? because most of them are small sole proprietorships or partnerships. the owners cannot afford such losses.
I never said they didn't drop. I said the businesses aren't forced to close just because a big company moves in.
so if you owned a small shop and target moved in and took all of your business away from you, you wouldnt be forced to close? all of your profit will disappear and you'll be losing money. any shop that is not making a profit is going to close
A lot of times those businesses are speciality stores, not discount retailers. If I was looking for... I don't know... models and model glue would I go to Target or The Hobby Shop?
many times, discount retailers sell the same products as smaller stores but they are at a cheaper price because a small business has to charge more in order to stay open.  DISCOUNT RETAILERS TAKE BUSINESS AWAY FROM SHOPS. FACE THE FACTS, BROKER.  one of about a trillion examples: there was a cool small guitar store back where i'm from that was doing very well and was thriving. but then, all of a sudden, Guitar Center (a monsterous guitar store based in Atlanta) moves in across the street. try to guess what happened? if you have a brain at all, you would guess that the small guitar shop was forced to close because everyone wanted to go to Guitar Center.  walmart, target, home depot, lowes, harris teeter, etc etc etc are all taking customers away from small businesses. IT IS A FACT.
I am not arguing that business decreases, I am saying that it is not as bad as you make it sound. I'm a bit surprised... you would prefer those small businesses to companies that give billions of dollars to charities?
In business size matters. A big retailer can run much more efficiently because of scale. Efficiency = lower cost.  Keeping an unefficient business open is equal to saying we should be driving gas guzzling cars because there is someting worthy about inefficency.  There are lots of small shops doing a very brisk business because a small shop can produce a custom quality product that a large business can not.  One example furniture. You want average Joe furniture at a good price, go to Sam Levitz.  Want a truly hand finished piece of Shaker furniture? You have to go to a craftsman making pieces one at a time.  Both retailers are efficient in their own right and are worthy to be in business. Both could never compete with each other.
broker, if u believe in competition then you'll also support small businesses. small businesses provide the purest form of competition. corporations are usually either oligopolies or monopolies.
And they give back billions and billions. How much do those small businesses give back into programs or right into charities?
and oligoplies and monopolies drive prices up, which hurts consumers, which hurts the poor :)
They can't drive privce up with the snap of their fingers...if they do people would stop buying as much or switch to smaller companies, and that would hurt the large companies really bad.
but pure competition is more beneficial to the consumer
Sometimes. Large corporations could cut costs to stimulate buying and increase profits...
Major socialist countries are literally dying. Sweden is a socialist place, and it states in their constitution that their government's main purpose is to provide social welfare for the people. Their population is rising .02% because of people coming into the country. If that cuts, their population will be decreasing...sometimes it probably already has decreased because there are more deaths than births.
Falling doesn't think the people should be opressed. He doesn't think socialist countries should step into communism...already brought that up.
What would life be if it was just perfect? Where's the challenge?   There will always be those who want to change things...a socialist infrastructure is very hard to change. People rely on the government after that step in...and once you step in, the door almost completely shuts.
Somewhat agreed.   I have no problem with some limited social welfare. Right now things are a mess because people are too compassionate. I want to reform welfare and welfare workers shouldn't be afraid to cut people off if they don't need it...and if they are they shouldn't have that job. I have no problem with giving healthcare to those who can't afford it.   But this is not across the board. If you are not seeking work or to further your education and get a better job you can't get into any of my programs...
Vote for me for president in 2036, lol.
If I can win the nomination... I have it all planned out. I get my masters in business administration and join a company or start one. I stay there for about ten years. Then I use that business position to launch my race to be governership of Florida. If that's successful I'll try and stay for two terms and use that to launch into the presidential race.
Here is a thread where we can go at each others throats, so-to-speak. Which is the better ecnomic system: Capitalism or Socialism?
I ran some numbers and here is what I came up with....  If you had 1 billion dollars, and you spent $1,000 an hour. It would take you more than 114 years to spend the billion.   Obviously we don't need a ton of money to survive, but I think that if someone has the discipline to work hard enough and save that much money they should be able keep it. It goes with the verse "In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread." Notice that it does not say "In the sweat of thy face shalt Joey eat bread." Here is where the principle of work for your own food starts, in Gen. 3:19, from the mouth of God Himself.
He's not scared. That has been proven in the other forum. I think he is just waiting for time to show itself so he can pick up another debate.
Originally posted by American  I ran some numbers and here is what I came up with....  If you had 1 billion dollars, and you spent $1,000 an hour. It would take you more than 114 years to spend the billion.     Oh I can easily spend $1,000 dollars an hour. If I could I would also have plenty of reason to live to be 114.
Falling~  The respect between us is mutual, and I believe derived from our disagreements, of which we have found another.  Some may indeed be gained by the transfer of a dollar from a rich to a poor person, that I do not contend. It is the means by which that dollar is trransferred that I question. Let me put it like this:  About three years ago I started my own business. I went completely broke in order to get myself started, and now I am making a decent income. Why should the government be able force me to give you some of my money in order to cover your hospitial bill?
Exactly! The government wasn't there for you, but they want more of your money to pay for other people's problems.
Dsa,  I concur in part, but would say that it is not the job of the government to force us to "work to help everyone." If you were to have emergency surgery and couldn't pay the bill all you would have to do is ask me to help and I would. That is how the society takes care of itself, not through welfare and medicare. Besides I believe that more of the dollar's value would be lost in the transfer from Joe Blow to government to Billy Boy, than if Joe Blow gave the money directly to Billy Boy. Would you not agree?
Forcing us to pay for other mistakes just gives me another reason not do to it. It's not your money, it's our money, and you aren't going to spend it well, you'll pay some guys at the SEC more than the president when they're only agenda at their first meeting was to set their salaries. If I have some money I want to go to a good cause, the first place I'd put it would not be our government. All our government combined wastes about 10- 20 billion on social security, medicare, and welfare fraud alone. These super compassionates run the welfare system and won't cut anyone's welfare...California one of the biggest waste states...
What does a strong socialist government do with people like Broker?  Re-education by the Department of Ethics and Morality? Concentratlion camps? Oh what the h*ll, there won't be very many people like Broker after 50 years of socialism, just shoot them and burry them in a secret ditch. No one will miss them.   Falling is that your vision of social justice?
It is our money. It is not the government's money. They waste enough and I don't want to give them more. They don't scare how they spend it, so I don't want to give it. If I have wealth I will share it. Gates, Morgan, Rockefeller, Carnegie, etc, etc, etc, etc. The government isn't taking 85% of my income to waste it. It can take some, but no more than half. Would you give money to the government or the Red Cross?  I don't know many people who are OK with unchecked government spending, but you just got in. You wouldn't mind if our taxes were raised to 99%...
I'm going to go to college for years to earn my business degree. I'm going to work hard and I'm going to build myself a huge house and buy a hybrid car and you aren't going to stop me. I want nice things. The poor guy might want nice things, but he didn't work hard in school and he wouldn't commit himself to working through college. His fault, not mine. I'm going to laugh at him as I drive by in my hybrid car into the gates of my mansion. I worked hard for all of this. You have done nothing and have almost nothing. Not my fault.   Tell me that's mean, but it's true.
Not all public schools...not mine anyway. Always with the spending complaints from some teachers...
I'd love to pay teachers more, but with what money?   You're going to work for the government. Government pays a lot less. I will work in the private sector with a company generating millions of dollars and we can set high salaries and get big bonuses if we do well with the company.
Abolish all taxes? Who is calling for that? That would be stupid. Abolish the minimum wage? This is a pure capitalist agenda, which is simply insane. There is no such things as 100% communist, socialist, or capitalist government. I have never heard anyone in the school system ever call for a pure capitalist system.   What do you have against corporations? US coroporations make the world go, period. Corporations give billions and billions to charities...them or their executives. Bill Gates created a 1 billion scholarship fund for to help those who couldn't afford College, and Microsoft sponsers the Duke TIP and many other educational programs. That is just one example!   On spending complaints I was talking about budget manners. Two of my teachers go on and on complaining about why we should ro shouldn't do this or that. They have every right to complain about their salaries.
Around 50% of ALL small businesses sell to those big corporations only and never the public.   You are in a university. If it is a public one, it is not wholly public. It does not mean all public institutions teach that, nor private ones, nor lower institutions.   Can anyone here claim they like every single principal of one system? I consider myself capitalist because I lean toward that system. Of course we have incorporated ideas from other forms of government. This is not a pure capitalist system and it will never be one. This is a mix leaning toward capitalism. Sweden is capitalist in economic matters...you refer to that country all the time, so so will I.   Teacher unions can be a very, very dangerous thing. They can't just walk off the job until they get higher pay. Local governments would just lower substitute teacher requirements and replace as many as they could for even less money and they would not be qualified to teach everyone. Teachers know the salaries are low, so they know what they are getting into. They can still make a difference in private institutions, which will pay higher.
If you are in a public institution you should sue over their textbooks. If they are completely capitalist you'd win for sure...it's like a public institution requiring everyone use only the Bible in a world religions class.
You would win if it's a public institution. You can't have an economics class where one system is taught as being the best and only way to do things. Any judge in their right kind would order that institution to change or lose federal funding. I would rule that way. Don't be so sure.
Falling,  Would you mind putting everything together for us, and giving us a quick overview of why socialism is better than capitialism? I just want the facts, not the arguments (those are sure to come later). Thx.
It's an opinion, not a fact, and not every institution is like that.
Falling,  I will follow your three points. Thx for answering the question without the arguments (which I now expect to hear :))  Economic Reasons: It goes unquestioned that a dollar is valued more highly by a poor person than a rich (and I speak from having been on both sides of the spectrum). I will not agrue with these reasons as you have presented them.  Humanitarian Reasons: I will point out here that it is "the LOVE of money is the root of all evil." Capitialism is based on freedom, not money. Capitialism stands for the idea that a man should be able to work and earn money and spend his money as he sees fit (at least that is how this capitialist sees it). I agree that a person should get paid for how hard he works. If you don't show up, you don't get paid (that's at least one problem with unions, but has nothing to do with this debate). Capitialism allows for bargining and compromise. If I bid on a job at XYZ, Inc. and Joe's Services bids $5 lower, a Capitialist society allows me to bargin and try to win the contract. If 1% of the populace controls 50% of the wealth, it probably means that the 1% was willing to sacrifice and work their backsides off for years in order to become wealthy (of course some people get wealthy through other means).  Religious Reasons: In Genesis 3:19 we read, "In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread..." Notice that it is God talking and he says that Adam is to work for his own bread, not for Joe Blow's bread (not that there was a Joe Blow to give it to). Also notice where Christ placed the emphasis during His earthly ministry. He blessed the widow who gave her last farthings to the church. He told the rich man to "go sell all that thou hast, and give to the poor." Never once will you find Christ saying that the government is to be the distributor of help to the needy. It is always the people or the church that God used to care for the "fatherless and widow in their affliction." It is my view that we don't need more government to help us solve the problem, we need less government. If the government were to stop being "god" in this country I think the number of will Joe Blows would skyrocket, and all the Billy Boys would be cared for quite nicely. Also remember that it is the duty of the church to care for the needy, not just the Joe Blows.
The government can't afford to start doubling salaries. Private sector pays more the public sector, period.  Businessman push millions of dollars around. Salaries are based on company performance. If they get revenues up 20%, they can expect a pay raise with it. That's why they make all the money...they make all the decisions that make the money. What company pays their executives billions of dollars?  If people want more pay they should prepare to enter the private sector instead of the public sector.
Falling,  Economic Reasons: Yes, I believe in the "no work, no pay" idea, and I don't care what anyone, let alone some bigshot executive, thinks. About the teachers, my grandmother (who lost her husband in Sept.) retired last summer. She worked in the same classroom for a ton of years (I forget how many at the moment, something like 30), and now she is able to support herself because she was careful to save for her retirement ("support" here includes trips to Europe and the like). Many teacher's problem is that they have joined a union and therefore cannot decide for themselves, where they will work, how many hours they will work, what their pay will be. One of the beauties of a Capitialist society is that the individual person is able to decide for himself what course he will take. I have choosen to be a small business owner for the time being, my grandmother chose to be a teacher, and we are both paid for the amount of time we work(ed). The prices may vary but the principle is the same: If you are willing to work, sometimes long and hard hours, you will be sucessful, whether you started out rich or poor makes little difference.  Religious Reasons: My proof comes from firsthand knowledge of 100s if not 1000s of Joes who have the money to help a Billy but don't because the felt that the government would provide for them anyway. Yes, the Bible says that murder and theft are wrong, but notice that both are within the legitimate authority of a government according to Romans 13. It is not the job of the government to make sure that everyone is perfectly equal, such a goal is impossible to reach so long as there are people willing to think for themselves.
The government is not a private business. The government already takes about half of what corporations make...that's plenty. Executives are the ones making the decisions that create those jobs and create that wealth. Government needs to respect the private sector that has made this country great. How much business will we lost if you had your way? Millions of job, billions in productivity...
Hey falling, when you get a chance would you respond here? I am quite interested in what you have to say. Thx.
I don't think it is... my government is there to defend me and let me go about my economic matters as I please. I don't like how socialism is always interfering with business (though I plan to enter the field, so...)! I can't stand government bailouts, which I would think you would oppose, and socialist governments are ALWAYS bailing out big business. Perfect example is Germany. The bailed everyone out whenever it was needed and they can't afford it now... crashing.
Falling,  Where do you see the Constitutional grant for the government to pay teachers? Government is not a help, it is what is in the way of a great (and Constitutional) nation. If we start taking government out instead of putting it in everytime there is a problem it is my belief that the success which defined us for many years will return.
Thank you for clarifying.   Those corporations are very generous. According to your friend Target, they give 2 million away every week. That's 104 million a year. That's a good amount for a discount retailer.
That is insane! No one is calling for an end to public education. Why would I have a view that would kill my education? Everyone who is serious about education can raise to be whatever they want. You don't have to be rich. Your fantasy world where everyone who is poor always stays poor is just that, a fantasy. ANYONE with the drive can raise up from wherever they are, MILLIONS of examples.
Falling,  But public education was existent in 1787 so even under Dsa's definition of the Tenth Amendment it was a right reserved to either the people or the States. The federal government has no business in education. If the federal government doesn't pay teachers, and it shouldn't, then the people who send their children to public school should.  One of the major problems with socialism is found in an experience I had not too long ago. As I stood in line at a grocery store I noticed the people just in front of me shuffling through several cards, but not just any cards - these were walfare cards. I stood there and watched them pay for their groceries in disgust. I don't mind helping the needy, but when it is forced on me by the government I get mad. If the people had just turned around and asked if I could help them pay for their groceries I would have been more than happy to, but such was not the case. This is the effects of socialism in their true state, and I am one who does not wish that on anyone.
Falling,  You missed the whole point of my story. I was not disgusted at the poor people I was disgusted at the government under a socialist mindset. I love poor people, heck I was one for a while (and really kinda still am).  The families paying the teachers is certainly better than the federal government doing so. The Constitution is the "supreme law of the land" and as such should be followed in all circumstances. I would go for the State governments paying the teachers just so long as it took it out of the hands of the federal government, where it doesn't belong.  There is an old maxim, "You tax what you want less of, and subsidize what you want less of." Under this principle the federal government wants more poor people because it is taxing incomes and subsidizing welfare, and it is a socialistic philosophy that is behind this action.
Teacher salaries aren't going to change for awhile, and that's not going to cause a huge failure in an education system where students aren't motivated anyway. We should be more like Japan with education.
Debategirl,  Easy solution...don't come here! You don't like it, don't read it.  Falling,  Let the State government take care of the poor families if you just have to have governmental involvment, but my personal opinion is that the church should be providing for the needy, education is included.
The church? When did you arrive at that?   There was going to be a nice increase in teacher salaries down here, but that class size amendment passed...it's great to want smaller classes, but we will have to double the number of classrooms and double the number of teachers. Pay here will only go down because of that stupid choice, which most students actually opposed. I would love to pay teachers more...but here they're going to be getting even less because of votes who didn't know the huge cost of the plan.
Falling,  If the church decides to open a private affiliated school to educate its members kids I would have no problem with that, but when I said "that the church should be providing for the needy" I was mainly talking about financial assitance. Muslims have their mosks, Jews their tabernacles, and Atheists the State. Everyone can be helped, but that help should not come from the Federal Government, it is a violation of the Constitution and it is socialism that drives the Federal Government to provide for such things.
:eek: That old document was made to be changed, so it you aren't happy, change it. What? You didn't get enough votes? I think we're fairly happy with that 214 year old piece of paper!  Attacking the constitution... I have lost all hope for you.
Well, you don't have it... hope you're happy.
Falling,  Did I say that "the church ALONE provides for the needy?" If I did please point it out to me. Each religion has its own place to turn, but none of them should ever be able to turn to the Federal Government. The Constitution gives certain delegated powers to the Federal Government and handing money out for educational purposes is not one of them. Socialism is merely the stepping stone into Communism, and I don't want to see this nation start down that path.  Maybe I live by the Constitution because it is "the supreme Law of the Land." The question is not why do I live by the Constitution, but why don't you? Until the Constitution is replaced it will govern this land, and I plan to live by it.
Yeah, raise taxes to 85% so we can pay for everyone who's poor.   THe great thing about America is that the government isn't so intrusive. Sad to say that is dying because of the Liberals, and the day all of that has changed will be the day I lose my love for this country.
Originally posted by fallingupwards  oh no!! broker has threatened to stop loving this country if we help the poor!! we better go back to capitalism!!    You will never help the poor with a socialist system. The first casuality of a socialist state is the spirit of charity. The concept of charity in European societies does not exist, because it is the government job to the help the poor.  Government officials just don't strike me as being natural care givers. What then happens is you get a token "official" who pretends to give a rats pututie for carring about the poor, to make all the heartless people in a socialist state feel good that the government is doing something.
Yeah, you have to make them feel good or they won't want you taking 85% of their income.
Falling,  I am sorry you don't care for the Constitution, but "believ[ing] our country needs reform" is not, in my mind, a justification for such views. I too believe this country needs reform but you don't see me ignoring the Const. If you really feel strongly about your position, which I doubt not that you do, then I would suggest you write you Congressional representatives and express your concerns, other than that, and moving out of the country, I don't think you have too many other options. Further, what does the rejection of our Constitution have to do with not liking Capitialism?(And you still haven't responded to the first part of my last post.)
Lets look at the history.  Socialistic countries have failed because of poor economy.  Not so with capitalism.  How could a socialistic country help the poor. History shows that Socialism creates poor.  Welfare has been proven to make people reliant on the government. Government needs to spend more money.  Higher taxes. Economy suffers and more people become poor.  Capitalism has worked in the past.  Look at England before Industrial Revolution lots of poor.  After Industrial Revolution England rich less poor.  Let's remember the important ecomonic principle Trade creates Weath. Aid creates taxes and more poor.
Germany and Sweden have horrible economies right now.   Great Britain recently started moving toward socialism and their poverty rate is higher than ours and rising.
I am a new reader of this forum, which I see has lots of activity. I was just wanting to add my own comments, and hopefully cause some people to think critically about some of the issues brought up...I had to put two posts for character limit.  fallingupwards made a post:  <why do i prefer socialism over capitalism? i would like to break it down into three sections: economic reasons, humanitarian reasons, and religious reasons.  Given this opening, what follows then is not a summary of facts why socialism is superior to capitalism, but why one individual FEELS that it is better.  <Economic reason: utility theory teaches us that it is more economically efficient if we divide the wealth more equally. one dollar is worth more to a poor person than it is to a rich person, correct? no one can deny that fact. one dollar is not worth as much to a rich person as it is to a poor person. therefore, if we distribute the wealth more equally, we will be using our resources MORE EFFICIENTLY by giving it to those who value them the most.  I would like some more explanation of this.   It sounds as if the reasoning for taking a dollar from a richer person, and giving it to a poorer person originates in the idea that a poorer person will utilize the dollar in a more productive fashion (more utility) than a richer person. The cases can be made on both sides here.  One side would say that the rich person will spend the dollar on a cigar and burn it up while the poorer person will buy essentials. The other side says that the rich person will invest the dollar to produce and the poorer will buy booze.  I would like to know how the mere act of re-distribution solidifies the former of the two scenarios as the result.  The obvious conclusion is that the poorer must be in a position that essentials are not provided by their own income. If this is the case, our modern (not pure) system of capitalism temporarily provides, through public and private channels, for essentials, to people unable to obtain them on their own. The current system is set up to help people provide for themselves and eventually become a supplier of essentials for others and so on and so forth. This system is in place and practical today.  In the socialist practice, which is historically different than the socialist theory, essentials are provided by re-distribution of wealth, which causes a decrease in over-all production - Soviet Union, North Korea, et all. The effects are that the poorer become equal with the rich, and productivity decreases, causing a stagnated growth in utility. So while everyone in a socialist system has the same utility, over time that utility is exponentially smaller than even the lowest levels of utility caused by the modified capitalist system.  One way to look at it is...over time, socialistic systems increase productivity very slowly for all peoples equally. Capitalistic systems increase productivity at huge rates, first for those able to benefit the most (the wealthy) and then later for those who did not have sufficient investment in the system to benefit (the poor). Think of the cost of living in America. Essentials AND amenities have become cheap enough that the poor, while very far below the standards of the rich, or very far above the standard of the poor 75 years ago.  Conversly, those 75 years were all it took for practical socialism to crumple and fall, destroying both rich and poor alike in the Soviet Union.  <Humanitarian reason: socialism is clearly more moral than capitalism. have you ever heard of that saying: "money is the root of all evil"? well, money is the foundation of capitalism. that should tell you a lot about capitalism. lets look at this logically: 1. money is the root of all evil 2. money is the foundation of capitalism 3. therefore, capitalism is evil another reason to dislike capitalism from a humanitarian standpoint is the fact that ONE PERCENT OF OUR NATION OWNS HALF OF THE TOTAL WEALTH. how is that moral? how is that ethical? i'm not saying that everyone should get paid the same amount. but the wealth needs to be distributed more equally. you should get paid according to how much work and effort you put into a job. in this case, teachers would make the same amount as most businessmen. also, PURE capitalists believe that the minimum wage should be abolished. this is very very very unethical and immoral.  This assertion is as illogical as the notion that your statements are the "facts" the show socialism superior to capitalism.  Although I do share the sentiment that it is very sad that 1% of the nation owns 50% of the wealth, and it is perhaps un-ethical, that does not mean that the fault lies in the wealthy. Too often arguments like this one, which is premised on an incorrect logical process, are used in a sort of class-warfare argument against capitalism.  The wealth is there, wether it is in the hands of the wealthy or the poor. As previously noted, maximum utility is not a foregon result of redistribution of wealth. Because, thank God, all peoples have free will and choice to do with our posessions as we will.  However, where class warfare loses its substance is in the underlying notion that the wealthy attempt to prevent the poor from progressing into the wealthy "class" on such false "facts" that the wealthy just don't want competition. It is true that devices like Monopolies benefit from being the "King-of-the-Mountain," but these devices are regulated and not allowed in our, note again, MODERN, NON-PURE, PRACTICAL capitalistic system. There are still some missing regulations to prevent the wealthy from using their power to suppress the poor...an immoral and un-ethical action, yes. But the idea that merely because the wealthy are wealthy, the system is un-ethical is as baseless as the logical process you presented.  The premise of your argument is that "money is the root of all evil." I think someone censored your Bible, because mine reads, in Timothy 6:10 "For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows."  Note that the LOVE OF money is the root of all evil. The love of money is akin to the act of the wealthy hording money and preventing the poor from attaining it. This scripture tell us that this action is immoral, erring from the faith. This is true.  So, regulations should be in place to stop the wealthy from preventing the poor to attain wealth, but that is not the same as regulations which re-distribute the wealth blatantly, which itself is an immoral act. Wether you take my money, or the government took my money to give to you, it was still stealing. I would rather give of my own accord to help my fellow man, because it is not only moral, but righteous.
<Religious reason: being a Christian, religion is obviously very important to me and is reason enough to believe that one system is better than the other. this might not be the case for you guys (i dont know if you're a Christian or not). but nonetheless, it is very important to me. Jesus taught over and over again that the rich should share their wealth with the poor. he said this through parables and the beatitudes and many other instances. it is quite clear that Jesus had compassion on the poor. MOST (and notice i did not say all) rich people do not share a lot of their money with the poor, relative to how much they really make. therefore, since the rich are not giving to the poor as much as they should, we need government to redistribute the wealth for them. if the rich gave enough to the poor, then we wouldnt have this problem. but they dont. we need government.  I am a Christian too. I very passionately support the idea of giving to the needy. Jesus Christ, our Saviour and our example which we should all strive to live like, was infallible, without sin, the Son of God.  Our government, which has brutally construed the idea of seperation of Church and state, is in no way infallible, and is more sinful than any thousands of humans could ever be. The Bible teaches that we are to strive to be as Jesus was and is. In light of this, I think our (those of us striving for righteousness) responsibility should be left to us, and not passed on to the government.  My case on this was solidifed when I saw the work of a publicly-funded artist(being supported by a government program for artists). All of his work was sacreligous and one item was a sculpture of Christ on the cross...upside down in a large vat of real urine. We DON'T need government. We need people to have compassion, reason and accounability.  Your case that very few rich share their money with the poor is very valid, and I share it and condemn those that horde money and live lavishly while others struggle for necessities. However, I believe legislation should exist so that those that ARE charitable can have less taken from them by the government.  This would be a better way to encourage those that are wealthy that giving is beneficial, rather than just encouraging the cycle that seems to be these peoples' minds. IE: I make a lot of money, government takes much more, so I need to make much more, government takes more etc. etc.  I forget the scripture now, and cannot find it(if you can, please let me know) that reads: [paraphrasing] "The task of the righteous man is to serve God and to give openly, the task of the un-righteous is to horde wealth to give it up to the righteous man."  I don't know about you, but I would rather exist in a system where the righteous are allowed to profit freely while still serving God and able (and hopefully willing) to give.  In this regard, many, if not all, historical socialistic systems have been secularized, not allowing the notion of God on the premise that the being of God is impossible according to dialectic philosophy. So the government, historically corrupt, plays the role of God - determining what is righteous and what is true - according to the needs of society. Even the socialists recognize the idea that society needs God, but they attempt to play the role, rather than let individuals strive for the role and exemplify righteousness to each other.  While I don't believe our system is infallible, I believe it is far superiour to socialism, by the arguments I have laid out. Please let me know your feelings on these issues.
The first thing that happens in socialism is a huge drop in charitable giving and a rise in poverty.
Lukecrouch:  Here is your modern socialist academic hero: http://www.lewrockwell.com/rockwell/bellesiles.html  Forget your false belief that the state can save us or you too may find yourself leaving an academic institution in disgrace.
Originally posted by kelvin90701  Lukecrouch:  Here is your modern socialist academic hero: http://www.lewrockwell.com/rockwell/bellesiles.html  Forget your false belief that the state can save us or you too may find yourself leaving an academic institution in disgrace.    I hope you don't mistakenly think that I was arguing FOR socialism. I was refuting some assertions made by another member posting FOR socialism, and I included that member's statements in my post, followed by my ideas and thoughts on them.  I only had time to glance at that site you posted. I will have to look into it more later.
Please excuse my short attention span. It was a long post.
I would also like to address a common statistic used to demonstrate that capitalism only helps the richest.  http://www.armory.com/~rstevew/WealthDist_TheNation.pdf  The statistic I found was that in 1998, the richest 1% of the population owned 38.1% of the wealth. If someone else can post a more current statistic, please do so...it does not matter, as this statistic is irrelevant based on the observations below:  The "wealth" of this study is explicitly stated to include ALL assets like houses, bank accounts, and (this one is very important) stock portfolios. A stock portfolio, remember, contains all market assets like mutual funds, index funds, and stocks of individual companies.  Now, Let's take a hypothetical example of a billionare like Warren Buffet...whose "wealth" fluctuates with the market, but is stated to be near 30 billion. (A nice note about this guy: His "value investing" style mirrors his lifestyle and overall philosophy on life: he doesn't live in a huge house, he doesn't collect cars, and he doesn't take a limousine to work. In fact, "The Oracle of Omaha" lives in the same house he once bought for $31,500. Wish he could teach the Hollywood elitist liberals a thing or two.)  A man like Warren Buffet is worth 30 billion, but remember that this worth is houses (apparently 31,500), bank accounts, and stock portfolio. Let's say the house value is essentially nothing. So his 30 billion is split between bank accounts and stock assets, maybe 50/50. (Although I doubt a man with the investment genius like Buffet has anything less than 80% in stocks).  50% of 30 billion is 15 billion. In stocks. Stocks like Coca Cola, American Express, and Gilette.   Last year, Coca Cola spent $7 billion dollars in expenses. Do you know where that $7 billion goes? Into the pockets of employees, to small business that sell them bottling equipment, and to their various franchises and subsidiaries.  Gilette spent $7.2 billion.  And American Express spent $21 billion in the same way.  As an owner of stock in these companies, Buffet owns percentages of the company. A man like Buffet can own a powerful 5-10% even.  So, if Buffet is forced to give a percentage of his wealth away, that means he has to liquidate some of it, sell stock. He looks and sees that his Coca Cola stock is the least impressive, so he sells his 5% of it to pay for the "tax"/"robbery".  5% of $7 billion = $350 million. I hope you're going to explain to those employees and suppliers of Coca Cola why it is your taking $350 million away from them.  If this money were put to welfare, you are essentially laying off employees and taking away business from other suppliers (who may, in turn, have to lay off employees), to give money to the un-employed, of which you have now created more.  So now welfare is again inadequate and the cycle has to continue, until everyone is dependent on the government welfare checks, all of which are inadequate.  But if you follow the fundamental capitalistic idea of "You make what you earn for yourself" everyone has their own power to raise or lower their income at their choosing. Some may have to work harder at it than others...but such is life. And even if it might hurt some peoples' feelings, it is the best thing to do.
Dude:  You need to go to the commie sites. I've been there for only one day and I am totally shock by the lack of riggour in their arguments. After one day I have been restricted to only one section of the site.
Hey Stormin Norman:  Did you get banned again? I haven't seen you on the commie site after 2 posts.
And yet another post from me. This time with an interesting statistic similar to the "wealth" statistic, only this one is a bit more meaningful.  Total income tax share (percentage) by highest wage-earners:  Year: Total........Top 1%...Top 5%...Top 10%..Top 25%..Top 50% 1986: 100.00......25.75......42.57......54.69......76.02......93.54  1987: 100.00......24.81......43.26......55.61......76.92......93.93  1988: 100.00......27.58......45.62......57.28......77.84......94.28  1989: 100.00......25.24......43.94......55.78......77.22......94.17  1990: 100.00......25.13......43.64......55.36......77.02......94.19  1991: 100.00......24.82......43.38......55.82......77.29......94.52  1992: 100.00......27.54......45.88......58.01......78.48......94.94  1993: 100.00......29.01......47.36......59.24......79.27......95.19  1994: 100.00......28.86......47.52......59.45......79.55......95.23  1995: 100.00......30.26......48.91......60.75......80.36......95.39  1996: 100.00......32.31......50.97......62.51......81.32......95.68  1997: 100.00......33.17......51.87......63.20......81.67......95.72  1998: 100.00......34.75......53.84......65.04......82.69......95.79  1999: 100.00......36.18......55.45......66.45......83.54......96.00  2000: 100.00......37.42......56.47......67.33......84.01......96.09   As you can see, this shows that the top 1% of wage-earners pay 37.42% of taxes paid in this country. Taking that number to just the top 5% accounts for more than half of all income taxes paid.  Keep in mind, this statistic differs from the 1% wealthiest because these are income tax numbers. So this top 5% is not necessarily the top 5% wealthiest people, but rather the top 5% of income earners. That's the working class...not the wealthy living off of their fully purchased assets.  So, in the current tax system in America, you are punished for WORKING more, not necessarily for HAVING more. Starting to understand why we're called the lazy land of excess?
fallingupwards, I'm eager to hear your responses...I've made a couple of meaty posts here and I want to know what you think of them and what your cases against mine are.
Originally posted by dsadevil  Sure, but unfortunantly too few joe blows are willing to give up money for the amount of billy boys there are, and its impossible to match up the willing joe blows with needy billy boys on a large scale, and often the joe blows who can afford to give (assuming they are willing) are not in contact with the billy boys who need the gift. If people, as a whole, were as altruistic and kind as you purport, government would be unnecessary, and we'd naturally become rather utopian in a pseudo communist sort of way. But we aren't that kind, thus the need for government mandate.    On this note, I have this opinion:  The government's role is NOT the provide for the poor.   The preamble reads "We the people, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice and ensure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."  Our government was formed to establish justice (make laws), ensure domestic tranquility (police), provide for the common defense (military), promote the general welfare (help the poor).  And since you all are actually thinking now, look at the word PROMOTE the general welfare. Note that immediately preceding is PROVIDING for the common defense. The government should fit the whole bill for the military, but the government's job is NOT to fit the bill for general welfare...that is up to each citizen.  Government should take the role of PROMOTING general welfare by allowing easy access to work for those that need it, encouraging citizens to give to the poor, and disallowing the rich from preventing the poor to attain wealth.
Originally posted by kelvin90701  Dude:  You need to go to the commie sites. I've been there for only one day and I am totally shock by the lack of riggour in their arguments. After one day I have been restricted to only one section of the site.    What commie site?
Since everyone seems to have forgotten this thread, I'll just keep posting in the hopes that someone reading through and not posting will still be able to encounter some of these viewpoints.  What is the GDP/citizen?  China? $838/person. N. Korea? $900/person.  Admittedly that is not ALL due to socialism, but a large part of it.  In addition, explain to me the mistakes that were made during the communist revolutions in the countries like Soviet Union and China. More importantly explain to me (and write a book) the remedies to these problems?  This is the main problem with many socialists. It's easy to support an idea that hasn't come to fruition. The blank page will never answer back to you.   It also takes a very large amount of arrogance to assume that YOU understand Marxist socialism better than, say, the founders of the Soviet Union.  Most socialists read the manifesto once, read a bunch of Hegel and conclude that they've got it all figured out.  The good news for us capitalists is that we don't need to study socialism in depth to refute it. Because very intelligent people in other countries have already done so and brought about the death of socialism on their own - because even all these scholars put together couldn't create a viable working model of it.  Socialism is nice on paper, but in the real world, it has no merit.
Originally posted by lukecrouch  What commie site?    www.che-lives.com  Bring a barf bag with you. I no longer visit the website. Let me know what you think.
[i] The good news for us capitalists is that we don't need to study socialism in depth to refute it. Because very intelligent people in other countries have already done so and brought about the death of socialism on their own - because even all these scholars put together couldn't create a viable working model of it.  Socialism is nice on paper, but in the real world, it has no merit. [/B]   It is Will E. Coyote chasing after the road runner. Try it, if it fails, try and buy a more complicated ACME solution.  Go and post that on the other website. The comment about the orginal Marxist geniuses not building a viable model and how present Marxist must be superior.  Oh let them know I sent you.
This place is... wrong... so wrong. This will be fun.
Regardless of your politics at this particular site. If stupidity makes you sick, then bring a barf bag.
Cut and dry, what you earn you keep= capitalism What you earn you get a little piece of = socialism. Now why would you ever have the motivation to become more than an average worker, a janitor, cashier, whatever, rather than a doctor, or a scientist. A doctor or a scientist takes years of study, dedication and hard work, anyone can be a cashier.  So if a cashier makes the same as a teacher, or a doctor, or a scientist, why take the hard route?  Human nature is what human nature is, and while I would like to believe that the majority of people are good, many who would be quite happy to suck of the system and do their meager amount of work and live as well as any other person. In socialism there is no motivation to succeed. There is no drive to better oneself because no matter what you do to improve your standing, you never improve your surroundings, lifestyle, or anything else.  In a capitalist society the drive to succeed is everywhere. You want a better car? Get that raise by working harder and you can have it. Get that degree, work at the university you can have it. You want a house in the country so you can give your kid a pony that you always wished you could have, put that overtime in, keep your nose to the grindstone, show your boss what an asset you are and you can have it. You have an idea? Get a patent, start your own company and generations of your lineage can live quite nicely for the work you've put in.  Why should the guy sitting on the porch doing nothing profit from your work when he's done nothing to better himself or add his knowledge to society?  Capitalism forces people to excel. In such a society such as the US has is it any wonder why even the poor here live better than many rich in other countries?
This is my first post here, so keep the flames etc to a minimum. I just wanted to briefly mention something that i havent seen mentioned here before. Aside from the most previous post, which i agree with fully, id like to add this: All one hears from those pushing socialism, communism etc, (sorry for the generalization) is that the wealth should be spread out evenly and accordingly. That the wealthy in the US are evil, and this extreme minority is stereotyped to be completely homogenous. To a certain extent I can understand how everyone plays an important role in society, and that perhaps not everyone is "greedy" and is only looking for a high paying job etc. but the point I am looking to make is: more often than not, in a capitalistic society, a simplistic approach to becoming successful and wealthy one makes sacrifices and in the process must take risk. Bear with me if this is not yet fully obvious and makes sense.  i.e. (just some improvised examples thanks to what ive read on this forum so far) a person going into the vocation of a teacher must goto school, get an appropriate degree, etc etc. Its likely that getting hired should not be that difficult/ take that long, and he/she will recieve a steady wage and the teacher will not worry excessively that perhaps he/she wont get paid this week or whatnot. what I am trying to point out is that this lifestyle and furthermore transaction of monetary value is steady/ no extreme fluctuation, not too stressfull of a lifestyle given that the person knows what they are getting themselves into.  now to counter that, heres an opposite spin: that same person decides not to goto school, and wants to become a real estate investor. due to the funds that would have gone for tuition he/she can now invest/buy in an apartment building. right off bat there is SO much more risk involved in this. for all we know, all the tenants leave b/c the area gets bad, the owner cant pay the taxes or pay the mortgage off, and the building gets repossessed. but say for instance that there is a demand for apartments in that area, the owner raises rent, renovates the building with that money, and is able to put that money into another purchase of a house..... the persons in the end has made some significant change $$  point being tho that in all walks of life, it should be common sense that people usually, i stress usually because there are always rare exceptions, are capable of making a better living because they are also in the risk of living poorly very fast, a lot is on the line. As the stock market saying goes, the more risk, the more gain, the more loss.   How can one say that this wealth should be distibuted evenly, when the risk for acheiving this wealth is Never distributed evenly. I know im gonna get killed for this, but someone who has nothing, has nothing to lose, he/she can only gain something. On the flipside, one with a lot, has a lot to lose, but likewise is more able to make a lot.  Sorry for the long post, and i hope it makes sense, its 4am here ;)
Most of the people protesting for peace are protesting for communism, the most violent and oppressive form of government imaginable. Did you know that Saddam Hussein is a socialist? The Baath Party is a socialist party. We should have known we would have to defeat him later, based on this alone. However, the desire for retribution, with respect to Iran, caused us to step out of character and act opposite to the norm at that time.   Some of the worst scumbags imaginable have been socialists. No wonder some people are so quick to defend the man. No wonder he allowed a British socialist to interview him. No wonder the Workers World Party is funding antiwar protests. No wonder France, Germany, China, and Russia are defending him. No wonder the democrats are attacking the president first and aligning themselves with these anti-American forces. Socialists are too transparent.
You need look no further than the current state of California to realized that the United States is heading towards socialism just as Europe has in the past few decades. Will the United States one day become a socialist nation? Does socialism work? Would avoiding socialism hurt the future of the US or would socialism hurt the future of the US?
Hopefully we'll change California for the better if we get it back... we see what happens in liberal experiments... they go horribly wrong.  I don't think we will ever embrace European socialism. Our own limited brand, maybe, but nothing like what you see in Scandinavia. And that's probably best for America.
You need look no further than the current state of California to realized that the United States is heading towards socialism just as Europe has in the past few decades. Will the United States one day become a socialist nation? Does socialism work? Would avoiding socialism hurt the future of the US or would socialism hurt the future of the US?  Yes California is following European socialism. Just like socialist Europe, they are going broke. Socialism depends on large income taxes to fund social programs. Try the same taxes here in the USA and people will get thier guns and shoot all the politicians trying to tax them. Remember this country was born over a fight over taxes.
Yes California is following European socialism. Just like socialist Europe, they are going broke. Socialism depends on large income taxes to fund social programs. Try the same taxes here in the USA and people will get thier guns and shoot all the politicians trying to tax them. Remember this country was born over a fight over taxes.  lol, you and your guns.  I think the sitution in California is getting even worse with giving illegals a license. The next thing you know the illegals will have the right to vote! Grey Davis was a huge mistake and will go down as an absolutely horrible leader for what he has done both now and before his recall.  Californias attempt as socialism is an example to us all though. We cannot allow ourselves to go the way of Europe because we will end up in the same situation they are in. The democrats have to get their heads on straight and the conservatives need to stop their excessive spending programs as well. We need to avoid another California or Europe incident.
i stated this elswhere in the forum... don't remember where.  the u.n. was doing a world study of something that i don't remember, but it involved going to every capital city in the world. when it came time to visit washington d.c. (which was one of the last in the study) a russian, i believe, in the study, told a congressman that washington d.c. was the most socialist cities in the world.  sorry, i'm rust on explaining that story... most escapes me.  Interesting, but anything UN related is questionable unless I can see more than what you have given here. I'd like to know why he thought DC was very socialist and how Beijing or Havana could have been less socialist than DC when they are communist.
This is the most interesting article I've ever read about Communism. I never really understood what Communism really was before. I used to think that it sounded good in principal, but now I see that it sounds insane and scary even in principal.  If you have any interest in the subject, this is an amazing article.  http://www.summit.org/resources/HeartMindSoulofCommunism.htm
I agree with Alan Greenspan and other Libertarians. In the Book Capitalism, by Ayn Rand, Alan concludes that the only way a monopoly can exist is via government action. In fact, I contend that the more regulations there are, fewer companies will compete.
I agree with Alan Greenspan and other Libertarians. In the Book Capitalism, by Ayn Rand, Alan concludes that the only way a monopoly can exist is via government action. In fact, I contend that the more regulations there are, fewer companies will compete.  I read that book quite some time ago. Isn't it funny that Alan Greenspan is working for the 'biggest' monopoly in the world?  Although he does reccomend that all major government programs go through a sunset, even the Federal Reserve. Although I don't think this will ever happen. They'll probably collapse and blame 'capitalism', like they did in the past.   I merely hope that us 'liberty-minded' folks have some sort of place in this world, even if it's a state or two; so perhaps we can dule the pain of the forced destruction that's imposed on the whole of our economy. Regulations here and there, just continuely resonate the given culture, which would rather use force then reason.
Wow Rick, you said that great. I agree.
This is a nice debate.  You know, I'm not sure if I agree that when there is absolutely no gov. intervention in business there will never be a monopoly. Maybe not a 100% monopoly, but when has there ever been that (outside public utilities)?  Usually when you are talking about a monopoly, you are talking about one company or product becoming so widely used that there is eventually no real competition. Or, you could be talking about the malignant monopoly where the big company makes it to where only their product can be sold and only at the price set by them. Then they turn around and buy out or intimidate the competition out of business. I really don't see how that can't arise when there is no gov. involvement.   I like to consider myself mostly libertarian. I agree that there should be as little government in business as possible, but in the case of trusts/monopolies, that's where the gov. should be involved.   Googling Alan Greenspan and libertarian (because when someone called him a libertarian I said 'huh?') I got this: http://www.lewrockwell.com/latulippe/latulippe12.html  You know, I think it may just be that the US economy has been kept afloat merely by the Fed Reserve being run by someone who originally opposed it. Otherwise, it might have been sunk by the national debt a long time ago. (note: i think it's obvious I'm no economist.)
This is a nice debate.  ; )   Usually when you are talking about a monopoly, you are talking about one company or product becoming so widely used that there is eventually no real competition. Or, you could be talking about the malignant monopoly where the big company makes it to where only their product can be sold and only at the price set by them. Then they turn around and buy out or intimidate the competition out of business. I really don't see how that can't arise when there is no gov. involvement.   I do not believe in copyrights, and I can understand peoples sentiments against them. I do not perceive them to be an individual right.    I like to consider myself mostly libertarian. I agree that there should be as little government in business as possible, but in the case of trusts/monopolies, that's where the gov. should be involved.   At what point do you deem them a monopoly? When it's a 100% of the market in a town, region or country? I don't believe there's ever been one (devoid of government funds/support) that encompassed the country.  Googling Alan Greenspan and libertarian (because when someone called him a libertarian I said 'huh?') I got this: http://www.lewrockwell.com/latulippe/latulippe12.html  Objectivist at one point. Libertarian, I don't know.   You know, I think it may just be that the US economy has been kept afloat merely by the Fed Reserve being run by someone who originally opposed it. Otherwise, it might have been sunk by the national debt a long time ago. (note: i think it's obvious I'm no economist.)  He's leaving soon. He's been there twenty odd years, and he said to some degree that he doesn't know how to do his job. It's odd that no one wants to faze out this monopoly.
How does less regulation increase then number of companies?   I don't think I asserted this, and I wouldn't say regulations...perhaps taxes.  Without strong regulation, what is stopping a company from simply stomping competitors out of the market and achieving government hands off monopoly?   Is this something you have seen before or is it something you believe will happen?   Alcoa, I believe, once had a fairly big share of the metal market, but there was always a competitor out there keeping Alcoa busy. Again, I can't, and I won't fight for copyright companies/issues.  Large corporations are essentially are a antithesistical system to capitalism.   I don't see a capitalism definition as isolating to 'large corporations'.      Walmart practices a nasty form of competition removal by drastically lowering prices to decimate every competitor for 5 miles before jacking the prices up significently.  Many businesses do this, I think it's just a matter of competition. If they all just had the same prices, then they wouldn't compete.     I don't think anyone needs a lesson in how Microsoft operates. SO was notorious for buying out, illegally often, competitors.   I don't agree with Microsofts right to an idea. Although you can quote that as a negation to regulation in my books.   Lots of regulation is obviously bad for captialism, but so is little regulation, it appears like everything in this world, that moderation must be achieved for a happy existance.  I don't like vague ideals, as they are often dangerous. If they can be defined and looked at they can be proven and supported. I'd much rather hold the skeptical view, which is force is unneccessary.
 Googling Alan Greenspan and libertarian (because when someone called him a libertarian I said 'huh?') I got this: http://www.lewrockwell.com/latulippe/latulippe12.html   That was great PNAC. In the book Maestro, I read (I think it was that book) that he considers himself a libertarian. Another great libertarian economist is Nobel Prize winner Milton Freedman.   You know, I think it may just be that the US economy has been kept afloat merely by the Fed Reserve being run by someone who originally opposed it. Otherwise, it might have been sunk by the national debt a long time ago. (note: i think it's obvious I'm no economist.)  You are a better economist than most. I think the reason we can run such huge deficits is because money is being depreciated (we have inflation). The money is worth less because more is printed. How much is that dollar worth if there are only 10 in the world? How much would it be worth if there are 10 billion in the world? It would be worth less in the second example.  Greenspan believes the primary cause for inflation is the Federal Debt. He has a meeting with each President that comes into office and tells them this is what he believes. Notice how interest rates became nill under Clinton. He said that Clinton understood what he said, and lowered the deficit. Clinton was rewarded with prosperity created by low interest rates.   Great Post BTW.
How does less regulation increase then number of companies?  .  Most corporations don&#8217;t like regulations, so they say. Regulations benefit the larger corporations. How??? Because of scale, compliance takes less resources per revenue dollars.   For instance, it is takes more per capita recourses for a 10-person company to comply with a regulation than a 100,000-person company.  Example: Every company must comply with Federal Withholding Taxes. The guy that runs a small 3 man shop must pay an accountant to do the statements and whatnot. The large corporation spends less per employee for the same procedure because of scale.   It is that way with pretty much every regulation. The little guy must figure out comply with all of them. Does he need to hire accounts, attorneys or specialists? It can become complicated.  You mentioned corporate welfare (we both agree there) on another thread. That is a hot topic with me. The large corporations can hire the attorneys and specialists to file and get the &#8220;free money&#8221; thus freeing up money to help put the little guy out of business. We will end up with just a few large corporations in the end.
Speaking of monopolies:  Why can&#8217;t a monopoly exist? It can if it is created via the government. Patents create monopolies.  It is very difficult for them to exist in a free market. Here is why: Lets say you lower your prices to put the competitor out of business. Lets say you lower them so low that you lose money. You sustain that for some time until you are the only company left doing whatever it is you do.  The natural goal of a monopoly is to raise prices. You do so. Soon there is huge profits to be reaped. Others see your profits and want to join in. Capital is shifted into competing with your business. Well, you sold at a loss for years to put your competition out of business. You can&#8217;t do this forever. Now you are competing against others that did not carry the years of losses you did in creating your monopoly.    Monopolies can be good also. Standard Oil is an example how trust busting can fail the society. It may have set back alternative fuel research. There is no reason to investigate alternative forms of energy if gasoline is so cheap. How can other forms of alternative energy compete? If Rockefeller was allowed to keep his monopoly, and allowed to raise the price of gas, other people would have investigated alternative forms of energy. What do they say &#8220;Gasoline is cheaper than bottled water&#8221;? Why switch?  That is my opinion.
 What forms of regulation do you support?  I think there should be some environmental regulations. Companies should not be allowed to just dump poisons into the environment. The states should have some regulation in this regard. If there is a dispute amongst the states, then the Feds should help sort it out.  That is about it, I think.
 Alcoa has been getting it's butt kicked not because of metal, but because of Glass and to a lesser degree Plastic (which is pretty funny in my opinion, considering they are cleaner indusries and Alcoa uses some pretty nasty process) Standard Oil has done what I said and Walmart tpyically resorts to methods that essentially stomp out all competition.   I will say, I don't typically venture into the evils of business. Your thoughts are always welcomed.    Large corporations I see are those who actively attempt to keep competition low. Capitalism I see is the notion of a free market, where it is easy for compeititon to arise, and a large number of competitiors exist in a certain market.   Well, see here's where I'm sure you understand the practical nature of all this. I got to say that corporations are generally needed in the economy, just for the reason that many industries/people depend on a highly productive/financed business. Many small business fall short of our current paradigm.   It's like Jefferson saying farming should be the primary nature of America, it just isn't that simple. But yeah, many corporations want to get rid of competition.     Such as? I haven't heard of any other business that artifically lowers it's prices, even to the point where it is taking a substantially loss, to get rid of all compeitition then raising prices drastically. Their ability to absorb losses better then mom and pop allows them to dumb products at abnornmally low prices.  Many corporate retail establishments.   Hell, my buddy sells furniture from China to contractors, and it's cheaper then chips. *overemphasis* This guy will out sell anyone around here, and it shows in pocketbook. He plans to run a bank in the next 20 years. I'm sure he will.  Although I will note that many of the advantages he holds is by virtue of the Chinese government...even though I might conceive them as vices.    Such as patenting "Window?"  You got it.    What forms of regulation do you support?  On business in general:  *Regulations on nucleur facilities/possible military weapons systems. Just to make sure they're not used for ill-purposes domestically.   *A general regulation that forbids any 'forced' labor on children. I believe they should be able to work, I just don't think they should be forced. I just don't think of children as slaves. I'm sure most of you will agree.  *All 'objective' harm to the enviroment e.g oil spills as theLibertarian was referring to.    *Absolutely no government subsidies in the private sector or laws favoring business enterprises. Ain't that a kicker for regulations. Is this one? hmmm  I can't think of many that I would support.
 I don't have a problem with the idea of a corporation, but many modern corporations have systems that are dubious in the realm of ethics. However, many are very clean, such as Costco. Heck they opened a gas station that was a 5-10 cents cheaper and none of the gas stations around have gone out of business, and that was a 18 months ago!  Yeah, I like Costco, but I never seem to go.    Now, walmart opened up a store in my state and within several months virtually every smaller store that competed with them went out of business because of their activities in a 5 mile radius.   The market dictates this. Yes, it's sad to see the little ones go; especially when the service there seems better at times...but it's the people that choice it. They could always chose to stay with the small shops.    The idea of a corporation is not inherently bad, it is their activites in terms of competition that warrant the evil/good labels. Yes, most small businesses fail, but that doesn't mean that small business is a bad idea. For at least half of America's history, the country was dominated by small business.  Both are nescessary, imo. One is more or less for high production, while the other is innovative, and new.     Life is never that simple, but it would be interesting to see most large corporations embrace true capitalism.   Paradigms do shift. Give technology a little more time, and you might see something special.    That is a truer capitalism then big business runs.   Ask that from the kids he enslaves. j/k, I don't know how he gets the product as cheap as he does. Trade secret.    ahhahaha. That's pretty funny.   It's true. China has set-up their economy in a way that over-favors their production to a point.    Thank someone for the rationality of the courts. It's bad enough that Trump wanted to patent "you're fired," and the hoax of Metallica wanting to patent the key "G," but c'mon what is wrong with this system?   It's just silly.       Hmmm. Forced as in? Family needs the money, so the kid has to work? Or completely voluntary?   As in the kid does it voluntarily. I don't think kids would have a problem working if the family needed money...if fact some did it to survive. But to put an obligation on a child with out their consent, is almost slavery in my perception.    How about for education? I don't have problems with government research funds to universities, private or public, considering that we need the research they are doing, even if it is run like a business. That's probably the only exception to the subsidaries I can think of.  Voluntary funds, not general. Education needs to be free of government, but I don't believe public school shouldn't exist if they're support by individuals. Then again, I don't think that's conceivable if not pooled into the general funds; because I do think private schools (given a bigger market) would find it in their interest to lower their admission fees, and offer a better education. They don't have that choice right now.
 I don't have a problem with the idea of a corporation, but many modern corporations have systems that are dubious in the realm of ethics. However, many are very clean, such as Costco.   Costco. I take the family to Costco at least twice a month. We do most of our shopping at Costco.  In cities throughout the US, Costco has gotten prime property via legislation. Let me explain that.   Eminent Domain is the Constitution, and is a method for the state to take land and use it for their purposes. I don&#8217;t mind that usually, but many times the cities will use this authority to take land (usually from the smaller business person) and give it to Costco.  Many cities have taken it a step further. Cities have enacted legislation that permits the creation of Redevelopment Agencies. These agencies typically take land (the pay fair market value or more of course) and sell it to a larger corporation. I have yet to see these agencies take land from a Large Corporation like Costco and give it to the small companies.   Eventually, via our do-good legislators, we will only have a few large corporations, I think. I would love to see this change.
That's not the case. The less laws, the more large combinations will combine reducing competition - and even if they don't combine in a real sense - such as a merger, they will collude to price fix.  I don&#8217;t think that mergers are the biggest culprit in the creation of mega-corporations. I would like to see more evidence. I have given several examples on how laws have helped the big guy over the small guy.    In this thread or others about capitalism there were some examples of how temporary monopolies can benefit the society. I stated a reason in post 11 that explains why collusion in price fixing does not work forever.    Unrestrained capitalism is a beast that will eat itself.  I disagree for the same reasons I have been giving all along. There may be some legislation that was passed that has kept corporations small (Anti-trust) but did it really benefit the society?
What is amazing, and incredibly saddening is that price is more important than anything else. Wal-mart has used Chinese prison slave labor, child sweat shops, sexist policies, and other very dubious acts, but people still choose them over more ethical competition because of price. Morals and ethics are chump change when it comes to low prices.   If it makes you feel better, I don't shop with them. Probably because I don't have one around, but I guess you can say I'm not much of a consumer...I don't believe it's the 'American way'.     That would be hard to prove though. A kid could simply lie to you out of fear.   Not if it goes directly to an authority. Signed--sealed--and delievered. It's much like abuse, it's really up to the slight courage of a child. Yes, fear can be a factor.     It's not. Education, from K-12 and higher is incredibly expensive. Most private schools and universities live on the donations of their alumni. My private highschool was short $2,000 after tuition. $60 million short every year.   Well, your thinking with a given market of a few. Public school is monopoly, and the price is way out of line according to the real demand. I'm quite sure that it would adjust accordingly...hell, if one could afford a computer, then one can afford an education via online.
What is amazing, and incredibly saddening is that price is more important than anything else. Wal-mart has used Chinese prison slave labor, child sweat shops, sexist policies, and other very dubious acts, but people still choose them over more ethical competition because of price. Morals and ethics are chump change when it comes to low prices.   I agree. People complain about imports but then buy them. People complain about the little toys in Wal-Mart being made by cheap labor while they drive their imported cars. What a bunch of hypocrites. Don&#8217;t they realize that their ONE car is about as valuable as the whole toy department (or close to it). Many of these same people have a Toyota and Honda in the garage and complain about jobs going overseas.  < Edited <  I think it is a good thing some of our products are made overseas. We don&#8217;t need to make our socks. I hope Americans are beyond that. We should be making the satellites, heart-lung machines, pacemakers, and other high-tech stuff. I think it is OK to buy socks made in Thailand or cars with parts made in Asia.   That is my opinion. Oh yah, I don&#8217;t think it is OK for anyone to be a slave, kids or adults. I do think kids should be allowed to work.
I agree. People complain about imports but then buy them. People complain about the little toys in Wal-Mart being made by cheap labor while they drive their imported cars. What a bunch of hypocrites. Don't they realize that their ONE car is about as valuable as the whole toy department (or close to it). Many of these same people have a Toyota and Honda in the garage and complain about jobs going overseas.   Just so you know, the majority of Japanese cars sold in the US are also assembled in the US and thus provide Americans with thousands of jobs at these plants.
Just so you know, the majority of Japanese cars sold in the US are also assembled in the US and thus provide Americans with thousands of jobs at these plants.  Many are and like us, the Japanese are always looking for cheap labor. ;) Labor rates in Japan have become astronomical. They are moving past the manufacturing stage in their development. They now realize (like we will hopefully someday), that it is better to market products than manufacture them.   I live near the port of Long Beach and see fields of cars brought in everyday. I actually have no problem with that. I do have a problem with people that complain about imports after one of their major purchases was an import car.   Thanks for pointing that out FF.
We have a German family car, I drive a Japanese p/u truck and have three much older American hobby trucks. I haven't purchased a US marque vehicle in many, many years, primarily due to low quality and poor resale value.  You are so right. In fact, it was the Japanese Imports that forced American Auto Makers to improve. We have. We would all still be driving 1960&#8217;s quality cars if we put massive tariffs on imports or a protectionist policy.   I buy for quality and find few American made products that measure up to imports, as US companies cut quality in attempts to make up the difference in labor/benefits/compliance in cost of goods. As an example, Chinese bearings are now the world standard. If you want a US made bearing, it has to be special ordered and costs double the imported product. I find that typical in most product lines. We now live in a world economy.   I think American Products are typically better than imports. The price is usually higher.   I wouldn't be quite so harsh on emerging industrial nations. Considering that it hasn't been all that long ago that we used children for manufacturing labor and women had no legal rights added to the fact that it was only 40-years when ago we segregated our public schools, it does sound a little righteous.   I think it my point was misconstrued. My point is made in the post right above this. I will edit the part about a poll. Thanks.
ps: The prisons in our state now compete with private industry in everything from body work to graphics and printing. Using prison labor paid pennies per hour.  I have heard unions complain about prison labor. Speaking of unions, I favor a repeal of the collective bargaining laws.
 Patents don't equat to monopolies. You can use your patent to gain money by selling your idea out.  Yes they do. If you get a patent on something, under the law, I can&#8217;t sell your idea unless you give me permission. It is the worse kind of monopoly; It is one created and enforced by law.   No, Standard Oil is the standard example of bad big business. They used price-fixing with the railways etc to put businesses to the wall. That is what rampant capitalism does - allows hard-working small business to be destroyed by companies using foul play.  That is the standard textbook answer, but it does not respond to my post. If you were to ask ronound economists of today like Nobel Prize winner Milton Freedman or Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan (from the book Capitalism) they would disagree with this standard textbook answer.   Here is some interesting information concerning anti-trust laws. Remember when IBM was sued under anti-trust laws. Their &#8220;monopoly&#8221; did not last forever. The same will happen with Microsoft. By the time a anti-trust suit is completed their market share will have fallen because of Linux.    http://www.capitalism.org/faq/antitrust.htm  Writes Dominick Armentano [professor of economics at the University of Hartford],  The little-known truth is that when the government took Standard Oil to court in 1907, Standard Oil's market share had been declining for a decade. Far from being a "monopoly," Standard's share of petroleum refining was approximately 64% at the time of trial. Moreover, there were at least 147 other domestic oil-refining competitors in the market &#8212; and some of these were large, vertically integrated firms such as Texaco, Gulf Oil, and Sun. Kerosene outputs had expanded enormously (contrary to usual monopolistic conduct); and prices for kerosene had fallen from more than $2 per gallon in the early 1860s to approximately six cents per gallon at the time of the trial. So much for the myth of the Standard Oil "monopoly."  &#8230;Don't the antitrust laws stop monopolistic practices?  Absolutely not. Harmful monopolies from the old AT&T monopoly (created by government regulations), to the U.S. Post Office monopoly were created by the state. The U.S. Post Office, for example, maintains its monopoly on the lucrative first class mail market by having the state outlaw its competition.  Take for example Judge Learned Hand's indictment of ALCOA. What 'crimes' was ALCOA punished for? To quote Hand:  "It was not inevitable that it should always anticipate increases in the demand for ingot and be prepared to supply them. Nothing compelled it to keep doubling and redoubling its capacity before others entered the field. It insists that it never excluded competitors; but we can think of no more effective exclusion than progressively to embrace each new opportunity as it opened, and to face every new- comer with new capacity already geared into a great organization, having the advantage of experience, trade connections and the elite of personnel." [Alan Greenspan, "Antitrust" published in Ayn Rand's Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal]   In other words ALCOA was being punished for being too good a company, too competent in its management, in other words Alcoa's crime is that it is too competitive.     HERE IS ANOTHER GREAT ARTICLE:  http://www.nathanielbranden.net/ess/ton01.html  A reader asks:   In a society of laissez-faire capitalism, what would prevent the formation of powerful monopolies able to gain control over the entire economy?   Nathaniel Branden responds:   One of the worst fallacies in the field of economics &#8212; propagated by Karl Marx and accepted by almost everyone today, including many businessmen &#8212; is that the development of monopolies is an inescapable and intrinsic result of the operation of a free, unregulated economy. In fact, the exact opposite is true. It is a free market that makes monopolies impossible&#8230;.
If tou have title to land, that gives you exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. Even if you've got the only house with a particularly stunning view, it's not a 'monopoly' that you own it. It's about property rights you own. Patents protect intellectual property. It is not a 'monopoly'. And thus, it's a very poor analogy.   Intellectual property is not real property IMHO. By owning a piece of property you do have a quasi-monopoly of its use. Others need your permission to use it.    Really. Have you got any quotes from them endorsing monopolies?   I admit I was surprised when I read the book Capitalism. He goes into depth in that book about Anti-trusts. Here is a quote from Greenspan:  http://www.rense.com/political/greenspanmono.htm  The government should not interfere with monopolies that maintain dominance through cost efficiencies and low prices, the Fed chief said in testimony to a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the current wave of corporate mergers.   "By the measure of what benefits consumers, such enterprises should not be discouraged," Greenspan said.    That's because their monopolies were broken by government. You should be applauding IBM and condeming the breaking up of their stranglehold. Your example disproves your point about government.   The suit against IBM was dropped after more than a decade in court. It became apparent IBM did not have a monopoly.    Standard Oil had already been subject to anti-trust laws prior to this. If it weren't for those laws they would have been in a position to continue their gain on markets.   Read that post again. Standard continued to lose market share even before the suit was settled.   I can't tell if you're for it or aginst it.   I am against the post offices monopoly on first class mail.    And would not being 'too competitive' lead to a monopoly? (if not for govenment action)   What do you suggest, to not be competitive? Monopolies do not last forever, unless created by government action.   How so? You can have laws that enable markets to be free of monopolies  It is easier for a large corporation to comply with regulations. For instance: if a company of three people must pay someone to withhold income tax - would they pay more or less per employee for compliance than a large company of 50,000 employees?   Various companies offer compliance services (ADP &#8211; Automatic Data Processing is one). They give a discount for companies (on a per capita basis) with more employees. If you are a really big company you will handle this compliance in house, cutting the per capita cost even more.  Because of compliance burdens, the smaller companies will fail.
All of your property should be protected. If you wrote an original work; screen-play, novel, musical piece, these too are protected - by copyright, which offers protections as patents do. Therefore the analogy between a patent and a monopoly has failed.   No. Your belief that intellectual property is real property has failed. The paper the screenplay was written on was real, but nobody can prove that what was written was original.  We have been contacted by patent attorneys before. The latest was by Black and Decker. They told us we violated their trademark by selling orange colored drills (like DeWalt). Amazon has patented the one click check out but they really didn&#8217;t invent it. They just made it to the patent office first.   Interesting reading. I particularly liked... "However, antitrust experts noted that, for example, aluminium giant Alcoa, was a monopoly for 50 years before antitrust action in the 1940s and Standard Oil held a 90 percent share of the market for 25 years before its break-up in 1911."   The first article spoke of refining and this one speaks of market share (maybe share of the final product, with some purchased from other refiners &#8211; maybe because Standards marketing was better for other refiners &#8211; they could get more money using Standard). Evidently, other companies refined petroleum. This does not prove a monopoly will last forever.   What would compel a monopoly to have low prices? I would suggest - regulation of prices. I believe Greenspan is against regulation that prevents a monopoly as long as the economic benefits to consumers are maintained - this could be done through laws. He doesn't say. And the key to this is found in this paragraph... "Federal Trade Commission Chairman Robert Pitofsky said Greenspan was advocating letting all mergers proceed and then wait and see if action was necessary. "I don't agree with that," Pitofsky said." Ibid. In other words he's not pro-monopoly in an absolute sense. He would prefer to let monopolies remain so long as they behaved in a way beneficial to consumers. There is not way to maintain this without regulation.   What would compel a monopoly to have lower prices? Competition. Like I said before, when a monopoly raises its price others jump in.   As per Greenspan, this is what he said:  The Sherman Act may be understandable when viewed as a projection of the nineteenth century's fear and economic ignorance. But it is utter nonsense in the context of today's economic knowledge. The seventy additional years of observing industrial development should have taught us something. If the attempts to justify our antitrust statutes on historical grounds are erroneous and rest on a misinterpretation of history, the attempts to justify them on theoretical grounds come from a still more fundamental misconception.   Okay, if they didn't have a monopoly, then they are irrelevant as an example to this debate.   Actually they did have a monopoly. The point is that monopolies don&#8217;t last forever.   I thought you were pro-monopoly   LOL, no. I am against Anti-trust laws.    Some monopolies would exist naturally, I realise. Such might be with regards a water-sewerage board. Unless you can imagine having competing sets of toilets in peoples homes and you choose the one providing the better service :) However in this country, they are run by the government and prices are controlled.  Monopolies for an extended time are not natural. The monopolies you describe are created by the government. As per your example of the toilet, I agree. On the other had I would allow multiple cable TV companies to compete.
Hang on. I never said intellectual property was real property. If we're dealing with legal definitions then real property doesn't refer to things that are 'really' property, but property that is 'real' in the sense that it is material, and in general refers to land, buildings etc. as opposed to property that is an 'idea', which is intellectual property.  Property Any thing that is possessed or owned. http://www.legal-dictionary.org/ld.asp?q=property This includes... real property n. 1) all land, structures, firmly attached and integrated equipment (such as light fixtures or a well pump), anything growing on the land, and all "interests" in the property, which may include the right to future ownership (remainder), right to occupy for a period of time (tenancy or life estate), the right to drill for oil, the right to get the property back (a reversion) if it is no longer used for its current purpose (such as use for a hospital, school or city hall), use of airspace (condominium) or an easement across another's property. Real property should be thought of as a group of rights like a bundle of sticks which can be divided. It is distinguished from personal property which is made up of movable items. 2) one of the principal areas of law like contracts, negligence, probate, family law and criminal law. See also: condominium easement life estate personal property real estate reversion http://dictionary.law.com/definition2.asp?selected=1727&bold=|||| You said a patent is like a monopoly. That is the analogy you made. A patent is to protect intellectual property. I said that other forms of property are protected and gave examples of real and other intellectual property. You had no problem with that. THEREFORE you analogy has failed. As to proving if something is original - it can be done to the satisfaction of the courts - there is a whole line of law on intellectual property. Your assertion that it can't be done is wrong. You can do this at http://www.mediaregister.com/examples/   First off, I didn&#8217;t say a patent is like a monopoly, I said it creates a monopoly. Therefore my analogy did not fail. You brought up real property in one of your posts and I agree it is not real property.   Your analogy failed because the ownership of a property DOES give the owner a monopoly for the use of THAT property. No one else can build on it or even walk on it without the owner&#8217;s permission.    And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn.  If there is a such thing, why does the protection stop after a time? This &#8220;intellectual property&#8221; is not the same as property, real or otherwise.   And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn. Here is a suit made over 'decor' In 1987, Taco Cabana, a chain of Mexican restaurants in Houston, Texas, brought suit against Two Pesos, a rival chain, claiming that Two Pesos had deliberately copied Taco Cabana's dcor.  http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/property99/history.html For someone who doesn't like government I see that you would also reject protection for property too.   Are you an attorney? Attorneys just love this stuff. I can see these two taco companies in court suing the other. The one with the most money will likely win.  I do respect property, I just don&#8217;t define it as you do. I don&#8217;t consider words on a paper or a color as being property.    As to proving if something is original - it can be done to the satisfaction of the courts - there is a whole line of law on intellectual property. Your assertion that it can't be done is wrong. You can do this at http://www.mediaregister.com/examples/   Again, attorneys just love it.   It is your assertion that a monopoly will not last forever, except with government control. It is your assertion that Standard Oil was not a monopoly, and with 90% of the market, I fail to see then what you would in fact call a monopoly.   I would call the Postal First Class Mail a monopoly. Standard Oil had a monopoly, but again I say, it would not last forever. In fact, if Standard would have been allowed to continue and raise the price of gas, we may be using alternative forms of fuel today. In other words, I believe that Standard Oil may still be around today, but they would not have a monopoly on energy.   Your kidding! How can you have a monopoly, and real competition?   Let me say it one more time: If a company raises it&#8217;s price other competitors will compete. I stated this in a post prior to this.   What stopped it lasting?   Dell Computer and Microsoft.    Really, so you'd welcome laws against monopolies in other forms, other than anti-trust laws?   I didn&#8217;t say that. Just because I don&#8217;t like something does not mean I think it should be outlawed. Besides, monopolies don&#8217;t last forever and sometimes they can benefit society (see my other posts). Monopolies are part of the natural capitalist cycle that benefits everyone. I know the last statement is shocking, and I would not have said this 15 years ago.    It is easier to lay down new cables, than sewerage and water pipes... at least at present levels of technology. I can't imagine that the bathrooms of the future would have multiple taps from different companies. Or, you change your contract from Fox Sewerage to Bell, and someone comes out and installs a new toilet, with a pay-by-use application.   LOL, that was a good one. Hey, we agree on something here. Note: These are local city or county regulations unlike national patent or copyright laws.  Monte, it has been fun. I feel like I am beginning to repeat myself.
Saying something is alike something else is to make it an analogy. You said that a patent (a form of protection over property) creates a monopoly. I stated that other forms of property protection would also therefore be 'monopolies' as with an example from real property where-by regardless of how much I might like the view from your land I can't use it without your permission. Hence an extension of your analogy - equating patents with monopolies, shows the flaw in your logic. It remains your analogy. I simply extended it to show other forms of property - including other forms of intellectual property - such as a screen-play. And you disputed that a screen-play could be shown to be original. This interpretation would have fundamental consequences (were it to be adapted) to property law.   Here is where you are wrong: I don&#8217;t believe patents should be protected because I don&#8217;t consider ideas property. This nullifies the rest of the first paragraph.   If you are against monopolies, then why should some one be able to monopolize their property? Shouldn&#8217;t anyone be able to build on it? This does not seem consistent.  Here is where I am consistent: I believe the government should protect our property rights, but I don&#8217;t consider words on paper property.   Your argument is all over the place. You asked why can't monopolies exist because patents are alike monopolies. You said 'patents create monopolies. It is not about creating a 'monopoly' it is about protecting property.   That is your opinion. Why is it not protected like property forever?   They are different things. If I own something, I have exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. A monopoly is where we are in competition and you drive me and competitors out of business.   Just because someone drives someone out of business does not make that person a monopoly. Even if a person were to drive EVERYONE out of that business, does not mean the monopoly will be permanent.    You question whether intellectual property exists? It is really property. It is a field of law. Studied at Berkley http://www.law.berkeley.edu/institutes/bclt/courses/fall02/ipintro.html and at Columbus http://faculty.cua.edu/fischer/Intro%20To%20IP%202003/IP%20Home.htm In part regulated by Copyright http://www.copyright.gov/ legislated around the world http://www.worldlii.org/catalog/2296.html It is most strange that you don't 'believe' that it exists.   I agree that is what the law says. The whole point to this discussion is that I don&#8217;t believe the law should say this.   I work with legal practitioners. I studied law very briefly in a formal sense(I have a habit of this - not completing studies; having attended at least six different universities), and for much longer in an informal sense (I have lots of time on my hands). However, it would suggest that if solicitors, barristers and other legal practitioners are all dealing with it, and you don't think it exists, this would seem that one of you is wrong.   The people that may be wrong are the ones with a vested interest in it.   I have taken some Business Law Classes. I have also taken some RE Law classes.   I don't define property. I give you definitions found in law. You define things not according to law, but your sense of injustice towards money-grubbing legal workers.  Again, it is the law I question.   Regardless, your assertion that it can't be defined as being original is wrong. It is fortunate too, because if not for this many hard working artists; screen-writers, musicians etc would have their efforts come to nothing, because people who don't believe their work is original would feel free to take it for themselves. It is one thing to argue that what they are doing is self-serving, money grubbing etc, and a totally different argument that the rights of intellectual property don't exist.   Monty, that is the best argument for patents, copyrights and trademarks. I was wondering when you would bring that up. Let me ask you a question: Recently pharmaceutical companies have been wanting to extend the length of a patent from 17 to 20 years. They claim that it would bring down the price of drugs. What do you think? I would rather see a five year patent that raising it to 20 or 50 years.   How do you prove this? It's not like saying "If not for settlers, the Dodo would still be around".   This is what can be proved: Some hundred years or so after the breakup of Standard Oil, we are still driving to the supermarket using petroleum products. It would be likely that if gas prices were higher, alternative forms of energy would be used.   I'm not sure that Microsoft is a competitor of IBM.   IBM basically had sales people that helped train employees how to use their equipment. It was quite an operation. With Windows you could train a monkey to use a computer.    I agree that monopolies are a product of unrestrained capitalism, which is why I'm not in favour of unrestrained capitalism. It is a system that defeats itself, by destroying competition.   You missed my point: Sometimes innovation can ONLY occur only if prices are increased because of a monopoly. If you try to keep prices permanently down with laws and regulation, we may not see the INOVATION. Why innovate?   I have retained my left-leaning feelings (at least as far as economics go)   I am far to the left with regards to personal freedom. We have something in common.   The only difference is which tier of government these laws live in. They are still guided by laws and regulations.   I prefer the local level.   I think though that your proposition that monopolies, if left to themselves will cease to remain long in being is untested.   We will never know because they are broken apart. That is why I brought the IBM example up: Before the suit was settled it became apparent they did not have a monopoly. The suit was just dropped.    There's a very good link site for intellectual property at... http://www.iaswww.com/ODP/Society/Law/Legal_Information/Intellectual_Property  Thanks for the discussion Monty. I am afraid this could go on forever. If you want to cut the discussion shorter just answer this one question: If copyrights ect are property, then why shouldn&#8217;t people be allowed to keep them forever, or do you advocate that?  Also, thanks for keeping the discussion civil. It is a plessure.
I am not wrong. Just because you offer an opinion that ideas aren't property doesn't negate the consensus of law-making bodies the world over that such things are property, and therefore should be protected. It is odd way to say 'no it isn't' and insist then that that rebuttal has destroyed my argument. I cited many a law sites that deal with it. If you want to actually offer why you feel it should not be protected, please do so. You've had several days to offer this, but the best offered is your repeating of a previously stated opinion.   Just because there is a law, does not mean I support it.   You ask why I don&#8217;t think there should not be patent laws: This law has the effect raising the cost of goods.    These are two different statements. If someone drove every competitor out of business, and their own business continued, that is a monopoly, because it is so defined. That a monopoly, un-hampered by government regulations (including regulations towards would-be competitors) would or would not last forever is the heart of your argument. You assume that it wouldn't based on an as yet ill-defined reason. It's not been tested - as far as I know. You've certainly offered no evidence of known cases.    Why drop Anti-trust cases then (Like IBM)?   Yes, the people who's rights are protected have a vested interest. You have a vested interest in your own property being protected.   That right is only as good as the money you have to protect it.   Sure, but IBM use Microsoft. They aren't in competition.   I didn&#8217;t say MS was a competitor.    In Australia we are more a centralised government. For instance police aren't at local level, but state and federal. I believe you have local school boards, we don't. In fact, all local governments could be swept out of existence at the whim of a state government. State governments can change local council borders, suspend councils etc. The only reason that they don't do so all the time is because people like their councils (in general) and would tend to punish such a government at the electoral box.   I think in general the concentration of power is a bad thing - even for a short while (perhaps in times of war, it might be necessary), and economic power is no exception.   That is why I like power given to local authorities. One sweeping law for the whole state or country is not always best.   You've caught me on the hop! I believe in property protection, but I've not ever thought about how long it should be protected for - it's something I've never thought about. That's what I'll do. If I remember, I'll ask some people at work. A lady I worked with has actually specialised in intellectual property, but she's not responded to my e-mails for some months. I guess I'll see what happens.  Most people wouldn't think so, but it is what I aim to do - exchange ideas. I tend though to fight fire with fire, and you've not been insulting. Your post has now prompted me into thinking about something I've never really considered.  You are an incredibly nice person. I do have an analogy for the length of property rights. I guess you could consider it a lease. People lease a right to a patent etc.  Let me explain my position of patents etc.:  Right now many people in the US are complaining about the high cost of prescription drugs. The drug companies have a patent on their products, and can charge whatever they want. Of course, the best argument for patents is the reason you gave: Why research new drugs if someone can just copy it?   I contend these researchers would continue to work, but make less money (I doubt they would all become greeters at Wal-Mart). They would have to change the way they distribute drugs. The same goes for movies. The movie stars would be paid far less and distribution may change.  Going back to pharmaceutical drugs: In the US many advocate the government picking up the cost of the drugs. That is the last thing I want to see happen. Others advocate price controls. If you advocate price controls, why even offer a patent on the product?   What is happening here? IMHO, we tinkered with the free market by allowing patents. Now we blame the free market for the high cost of goods.   IMHO, all laws hurt poor people. The patent laws drive up the price of goods, because those with the patent can charge what they want. The free market is not functioning.  We discussed two items here Monty: One was Anti-Trust Laws, and the other was Patent Laws. Can you tell I don&#8217;t favor many laws?
http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/95psa.html  I thought this essay was fairly interesting.   *But there are quite a few cases in which patents have been used to suppress innovation (Dunford 1987). Companies may take out a patent, or buy someone else's patent, in order to inhibit others from applying the ideas. For example, from its beginning in 1875, the US company AT&T collected patents in order to ensure its monopoly on telephones. It slowed down the introduction of radio for some 20 years. In a similar fashion, General Electric used control of patents to retard the introduction of fluorescent lights, which were a threat to its market of incandescent lights.  *One of the newest areas to be classified as intellectual property is biological information. US courts have ruled that genetic sequences can be patented, even when the sequences are found "in nature," so long as some artificial means are involved in isolating them. This has led companies to race to take out patents on numerous genetic codes. In some cases, patents have been granted covering all transgenic forms of an entire species, such as soybeans or cotton (Mestel 1994). One consequence is a severe inhibition on research by non-patent holders. Another consequence is that transnational corporations are patenting genetic materials found in Third World plants and animals, so that some Third World peoples actually have to pay to use seeds and other genetic materials that have been freely available to them for centuries (Shiva and Holla-Bhar 1993).  *The potential financial returns from intellectual property are said to provide an incentive for individuals to create. In practice, though, most creators do not actually gain much benefit from intellectual property. Independent inventors are frequently ignored or exploited (Lancaster 1992). When employees of corporations and governments have an idea worth protecting, it is usually copyrighted or patented by the organisation, not the employee. Since intellectual property can be sold, it is usually the rich and powerful who benefit. The rich and powerful, it should be noted, seldom contribute much intellectual labour to the creation of new ideas. Note: Look at Telsa, and Edison...you'll understand.  *A second major argument for intellectual property is that people deserve property rights because of their labour. This brings up the general issue of what people deserve, a topic that has been analysed by philosophers. Their usual conclusions go against what many people think is "common sense." Hettinger says that a fitting reward for labour should be proportionate to the person's effort, the risk taken and moral considerations. This sounds all right--but it is not proportionate to the value of the results of the labour, whether assessed through markets or by other criteria. This is because the value of intellectual work is affected by things not controlled by the worker, including luck and natural talent. Hettinger says "A person who is born with extraordinary natural talents, or who is extremely lucky, deserves nothing on the basis of these characteristics" (p. 42).  *Another example is scientific knowledge. Scientists do research and then publish their results. A large fraction of scientific knowledge is public knowledge (Ziman 1968). There are some areas of science that are not public, such as classified military research. It is generally argued that the most dynamic parts of science are those with the least secrecy. Open ideas can be examined, challenged, modified and improved. To turn scientific knowledge into a commodity on the market, as is happening with genetic engineering (Mackenzie et al. 1990; Weiner 1986), arguably inhibits science.   *The case of science shows that vigorous intellectual activity is quite possible without intellectual property, and in fact that it may be vigorous precisely because information is not owned. But there are lots of areas that, unlike science, have long operated with intellectual property as a fact of life. What would happen without ownership of information? Many objections spring to mind. Here I'll deal with a few of them.  Plagiarism is a great fear in the minds of many intellectual workers. It is often thought that intellectual property provides a protection against plagiarism. After all, without copyright, why couldn't someone put their name on your essay and publish it? Actually, copyright provides very little protection against plagiarism and is not a good way to deal with it (Stearns 1992).  Plagiarism means using the ideas of others without adequate acknowledgement. There are several types of plagiarism. One is plagiarism of ideas: someone takes your original idea and, using different expression, presents it as their own. Copyright provides no protection at all against this form of plagiarism. Another type of plagiarism is word-for-word plagiarism, where someone takes the words you've written--a book, an essay, a few paragraphs or even just a sentence--and, with or without minor modifications, presents them as their own. This sort of plagiarism is covered by copyright--assuming that you hold the copyright. In many cases, copyright is held by the publisher, not the author. In practice, plagiarism goes on all the time, in various ways and degrees (Broad and Wade 1982; Mallon 1989; Posner 1988), and copyright law is hardly ever used against it. The most effective challenge to plagiarism is not legal action but publicity. At least among authors, plagiarism is widely condemned. To be exposed as a plagiarist is more than sufficient motivation for most writers to take care to avoid it.  *What about all the writers, inventors and others who depend for their livelihood on royalties? First, it should be mentioned that only a very few individuals make enough money from royalties to live on. Most of the rewards from intellectual property go to a few big companies. But the question is still a serious one for those intellectual workers who depend on royalties and other payments related to intellectual property.  The alternative in this case is some reorganisation of the economic system. Intellectual workers could receive a salary, just like most scientists do.  But what about the incentive to create? Without the possibility of wealth and fame, what would stimulate creative individuals to produce works of genius? Actually, most creators and innovators are motivated by their own intrinsic interest, not by rewards. There is a large body of evidence showing, contrary to popular opinion, that rewards actually reduce the quality of work (Kohn 1993). If the goal is better and more creative work, paying creators on a piecework basis, such as through royalties, is counterproductive.
 Obviously he's concerned about protecting what he's written; protecting his intellectual property. You need to seek his permission to use his intellectual property; even when he's arguing against intellectual property.    Not nescessarily.   Whether or not the publication company has rights to his writing, is perhaps in question. Many companies require that they acquire some/most rights to a writer efforts, as I'm assuming in those cases.   Regardless, the ideas aren't invalid in face of any actions committed by it's author (even though I would assume there are none). So in the effort to retain some focus, let's stay to the point, and not fixate on it's creator.  Are his points invalid, that is the question?   Generally speaking, I think intellectual rights are taken to an extreme. Given they were limited to a short-term of time, I wouldn't have many or any objections. That isn't the case, and it's undenialable that certain technologies/inventions have been swept under the rug because of it.
Monty, I do think that Real Property and Personal Property should be protected.  But: Intellectual Property is usually protected by civil lawsuits. For instance the RIAA is going after Pirates civilly. Some trademarks are protected using government force, but most are in investigated at first privately.   Can you imagine the government bureaucracy that would be required to go after every music pirate criminally, investigators, prosecutors and such?   This is why I say that patents, trademarks and copyrights are only as good as the money you have to protect them.
Rick, that article you posted in post #43 is in line with my point. Thanks.  The ATT example was interesting also.
 I do not believe in copyrights, and I can understand peoples sentiments against them. I do not perceive them to be an individual right.  HUH? Copywrites and patents are pretty much the same thing, a protection of intellectual property.   I would hate it if I invented something that everyone could use, put my time and money into it, only to have everyone copy it, and I would never see a dime.
HUH? Copywrites and patents are pretty much the same thing, a protection of intellectual property.   I would hate it if I invented something that everyone could use, put my time and money into it, only to have everyone copy it, and I would never see a dime.  PNAC, that is the best argument IMHO in favor of these "protections".  I saw this in Ricks Post, I thought it may address your question.  http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/95psa.html  *What about all the writers, inventors and others who depend for their livelihood on royalties? First, it should be mentioned that only a very few individuals make enough money from royalties to live on. Most of the rewards from intellectual property go to a few big companies. But the question is still a serious one for those intellectual workers who depend on royalties and other payments related to intellectual property.  The alternative in this case is some reorganisation of the economic system. Intellectual workers could receive a salary, just like most scientists do. But what about the incentive to create? Without the possibility of wealth and fame, what would stimulate creative individuals to produce works of genius? Actually, most creators and innovators are motivated by their own intrinsic interest, not by rewards. There is a large body of evidence showing, contrary to popular opinion, that rewards actually reduce the quality of work (Kohn 1993). If the goal is better and more creative work, paying creators on a piecework basis, such as through royalties, is counterproductive.
Even libertarians must keep in mind the existence of natural monopolies, that is, monopolies such as power plants, roads, etc. that can not be efficient and competitive at the same time. I personally believe that these monopolies should be state-owned, and these should be the only state-owned businesses, and the private sector should encompass all that is competitive.  I don't consider them natural, and I don't want them owned by the state. BUT, I don't want multiple power lines run all around the county for seperate carriers. I will accept a few monopolies (utilities). That is my opinion.
As a red blooded american (didn't the soviets call themselves red-blooded too right?) I despise communism in all forms (except chinese communism which supplies us with cheap goods) but since i am creating some abrasion in socialist britain where i currently live i wish to learn more about the principals of marxism so i can understand what i hate. thanx
Yes i know that China and russia were never communist but they were covered as that under a blanket statement Lenin adapted his ideas from communism and Mao adapted his ideas from the U.S.S.R and to you eddie i wanted to know anybodys opinions and their reasons for their opinion
Read Marx's writings yourself. That'll give you a much better idea of it than any of us ever could.  Duo Maxwell- What you seem to be saying is that Communism works well in theory, on paper. The problem is the world doesn't exist on paper. It is not simply  a problem with the way it was "interpreted," it is inherent problems with the idea itself.  Harlequin- read it and you will probably understand what I mean.
Communism and Maoism were bastardization's of Marxism.  Anybody else realise the PNAC's ideals are from Marx and Trotsky's writings?
I would suggest that you might first understand what your own position is, your own philosophy. You may find you don't actually agree with the things that on the surface, you seem to support, or reject. "Hating" sounds emotional, and this is a philosophical topic really, not an emotional one.  Second, Marx was essentially a philosopher with interesting ideas, that were founded on what I think are flawed premises. Namely that people are not inherently selfish. Yes, his idea was to improve the lives of everyone, through the rejection of selfishness (capitalism). What an evil person right? I mean, bettering life for everyone? What a horrible goal!! Capitalistic governments, didn't really like this and waged war on such governments. Why? Because they were rich and powerful and did not...ahem, want to see their way of life changed (among other reasons, some much more praise-worthy, that's biased for contrast).   Ultimately it may come down to two differences in philosophy:  1. Do you think people are naturally selfish? 2. Do you think people are naturally altrustic?  Would a system designed contrary to what you think is "natural" have a chance of succeeding in the long term?  I think #1, and no. And that's why capitalism seems to work well. Will it crash and burn in 100 years? Don't know, but it's done OK so far. And frankly, if you asked me overall am I happy with my life in a primarily capitalistic democracy, the answer is, yes.  -Mach
I don't think so. Communism will work: just not with humans. Communism would require a species that is inherently alturistic, which obviously excludes us. The closes thing we got to Commnusim is alturistic societies in the Andes, and even then it doesn't work that well. But the point is communism would require a completely different mindset.  Pardon what may come across as rude but-- whoop-dee-doo. It doesn't really matter if it could work with non-humans does it? The point is WE ARE human and as humans, it doesn't work with us. Here's the essential difference between capitalism and communism: *Capitalism takes advantage of human self-interest and succeeds because of it. *Communism ignores human self-interest and fails because of it.
We do have instances of alutristic communism in some tribes in the Andes which have suvirved for thousands of years. they are technologically backwards, but that is expected with Communsim. However, on the whole it won't work with humans, but that does not mean the system is absolutely flawed.  I don't know anything about this, but I'll take your word for it. The important thing to remember in this case is that this kind of thing can work fine on a small, community level, but it is a completely different animal when applied to the large governmental level. Look at American communes. They work very differently, not just better, but very differently. But even on this level plently of people try to take advantage of it. Just ask a hippie or someone in the Rainbow Family. On top of everything else, this kind of thing isn't wholly Marxism either.  Again, the problems that communist governments face and have faced in the past, are not simply due just to human failing. There are inherent flaws in Marxism--the labor theory of value, no real motivation for advancement of any kind (technologically, economically, etc.). It was a nice dream, and it has given us very interesting ways of looking at the world, but on a practical level, it is only  a dream.  Yes it does matter. Many opponents declare that Communism is a failed system that can never work. I disagree, it can work, it just requires a foregin, if not alien mindset Communism would require a species that is inherently alturistic, which obviously excludes us.  Well that's nice. Maybe beings on another planet have obtained copies of Marx's writings and are living peacefully in this system (that's if they fixed the flaws, but if they did it woudn't really be communism). Maybe one day they'll come abduct us all and probe us and give us the ability to live like this too. Until then we are who we are, it is what it is, and it hasn't and won't work with us.
True, it's not, but it is far closer then what the USSR or China got to.  Marxism as a pure idea doesn't have flaws. When it is applied to humans, then it is us who have the flaws. That doesn't make us inherently bad, but merely that the idea cannot be practically applied to us.  You obviously didn't see my two examples. These are only two among many. Have you read Marx? It doesn't sound like it. It sounds like you have heard Marx through someone elses perspective and just taken that on. But if you have and you thought it was flawless and perfect than you are looking at it through extremely rose-colored glasses. You are not being realistic. You also have apparently ignored the rest of my post.
One could make the argument that Marxism as a theory lacks apparant flaws in its internal logic and therfor is theoreticly flawless. And that the problem arise when trying to explain, apply or compare reality with the marxist theory as it doesn`t describe the reality accuratly. This is more or less true for any economic, political, sociological, historic or philosophical theory.  Pardon me, but so what if it lacks flaws in its internal logic (which I don't know if it necessarily does, but let's say it does). You say that the problem arises when trying to apply it to reality. Well, what does any "economic, political, sociological, historic, or philosophical theory" matter if one can't apply it to relaity. That is their purpose. If you can't apply them, then they are useless. They aren't meant to be little entities unto themselves. What matters is that it was meant to, and has been, applied to governmental systems-"reality"-and it doesn't work. And, because I apparently need to state this in every post, it isn't just because humans are flawed, it is because the theory is flawed.
A theory should at least be expected to have a consistent internal logic. Otherwise, the theory is in bug trouble. Yes, yes I know, I was merely trying to say that it is useless if it only  has internal logic.  They matter because they may be applicable to a certain extent and they may explain certain phenomenons. I can`t think of a single large theory that describes social phenomenons completly accurate in every situation. But marxist theory can still be applied to certain situations and "succesfully" explain situations or phenomenons. You just can`t build a system of it (and once again I can`t think off a single theory or ideology that could be used to construct a perfect society) I never said it can't be applied to any situation or phenomenon. If you go back and read one of my posts, you will see I have already conceded that. I never said it should apply to all situations either. I have only been discussing its use as a governmental system.  Not really. There are many other uses of marxist theory than to simply create a society with the communist manifesto as a blue-print. It wasn't merely the Communist Manifesto that was important. In fact, it's probably the shortest thing Marx ever wrote. The problem is, most people have heard only  of the Communist Manifesto. So, people haven't used just this  writing in attempting to create new societies. This may sound like a tedious point, but I just wanted those who may not know about these things to know.  Ah, yes, once again I agree. It is flawed for that particular purpose of creating a society based on its assumptions and conclussions. But this is important to discuss because (despite its other aforementioned uses) this was its original sole  purpose. Its other uses have been added as time goes by. So, if we are discussing its use in creating a society/government, this is the purpose we should be discussing.
One could make the argument that Marxism as a theory lacks apparant flaws in its internal logic and therfor is theoreticly flawless. And that the problem arise when trying to explain, apply or compare reality with the marxist theory as it doesn`t describe the reality accuratly. This is more or less true for any economic, political, sociological, historic or philosophical theory.  Marxism has a logic flaw, though. It assumes that the proletarians - a group of people - behaves like a sovereign individual.   This is something that can work in reality: < Joe becomes dictator of the world and kills everbody else. < There is no one left to use force against Joe, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  This is Marxism in bullets: < Proletarians hijack the state and use it to destroy the bourgeoisie < With the bourgeoisie gone, there is no one to oppress the proletarians, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  The problem with Marxism is that it fails to recognize that proletarians can oppress other proletarians. Collective groups do not function unanimously, especially a group so large as the proletarians. A proletarian can use force against another proletarian.
Why do you think Marx believed that the state would wither and die? Because the existance of the state creates yet another master class, the political class. This class would naturally oppress the proletariate which in turn would lead to classwarfare which would end with the emancipation of the proletariate.   What I understand about Marxism is that when the proletarians establish their dictatorship, they will abolish their own superiority as a class and thus the state will disappear.
Michael Gorbachev said that the only model of true Communism exists in the State of Israel. The United States has supported Israel since its inception in 1947. This means that since 1947 the United States has supported what Gorbachev said was true Communism. After 58 years of support for a Communist Nation, Israel, it would seem reasonable to say that it is U. S. Government Policy to support Communism.   Without further information about Gorbachev's assertion (including what he meant by "true communism"), it's not sensible to argue that particular point.  Since your conclusion is not supported by any other evidence that you've chosen to cite, it is not reasonable to assent to it.
Communism will save the world from capitalist/fascist people who divide it with capital, communism unites everything to work for a common goal, and destroy private property the chains of labor. The sun of capitalism is setting. The sun of socialism is rising! Workers of the world unite!  Judging by the address you say you are writing from, can we assume that your observations are an ironic spoof ?
So what if I am a communist, communists are arrested, on the charge of helping the world  I don't think that being a communist is kind of moral blemish that is supposed to be shameful. Its just (which has been pointed out already) that Marxist social and economic policies are based on destructive fallacies. Support for these fallacies is probably a matter of emotional attachment rather than the result of impartial analysis.
Communism and Maoism were bastardization's of Marxism.  Anybody else realise the PNAC's ideals are from Marx and Trotsky's writings? Eh, it's sort of a capitalist Trotskyism. Sort of a permanent "capitalist" revolution. But, yeah, just substitute "proletariat" with "capitalist" and you've got it.
Communism will save the world from capitalist/fascist people who divide it with capital, communism unites everything to work for a common goal, and destroy private property the chains of labor. The sun of capitalism is setting. The sun of socialism is rising! Workers of the world unite!  Oh, please. Communists can criticize capitalism, but they cannot prove that their system is any better. It is absurd to connect totalitarian collectivism with the emancipation of the worker. What would really emancipate the worker would be to end the overextension of property rights into the realm of things that are not the fruits of labor. What is left when that happens is that the workers individually own the fruit of their labor - their true emancipation, not the collectivist hoax.
Neither. Capitalist economy, democratic socially (government).
Neither. Capitalist economy, democratic socially (government).  wow, thats hardcore...democratic society would be harsh. Having everyone vote is hard..that is why I like a republic :)
wow, thats hardcore...democratic society would be harsh. Having everyone vote is hard..that is why I like a republic :) OK, OK, I got loose w/the terminology. Democratic republic, with term limits for all government positions (even the positions Clinton liked best :) ).
I want to see thoughts on this. I would have to go with a democratic-republic just because we have rights and have the right to vote. Other than that, the idea of Communism is much more well rounded  Please explain what you mean by communism and democratic-rupublics.
Communism meaning the government russia had from the 1940s to 1990. Democratic- republic: the government the US has today.  Well, in that case I would go for the US government any day. Soviet russia was so far removed from the communist ideals of equality as contemporary Russia. Power, wealth and influence was concentrated in a precious elite... In fact, it`s probably the same elite that rules Russia today. I can`t think of any Soviet benefits over US-style democracy, apart from the societ educational system (but that`s not even entirely a political issue).
One more thing I'll post is thje rudimetary concept of communism: Everyone is equal. A farmer makes $40 a month than a doctor makes $20 a month. No one in a communist government owns land, so there are no rights, except for the members of the the communist party, they own land. Finally, there isn't an equalized system of healthcare, one person can afford healthcare, one cannot.  Errr... what? are you refering to the practice of Soviet-russia? I don`t think this has anything to do with the concept of communism. Not even with the concept of communism in Soviet-russia.
What you are describing is not communism in either fo your descriptions. The soviet unon was not a communist state by even the loosest definition. It was a totalitarian socialist state.  Communisim is a purely theoretical concept. It has never been tried. Under cummunism, everybody just kind of does the job they like and gets whatever they need to get by. In theory, very appealing. Every time it has been tried, it has resulted in a bunch of poor people, a bloodbath, and a ton of corrution.  Since communism is pretty much a failed system of ideals, I owudl go with a democratic republic, but NOT like we have in the US. What we have int he us is a severely flawed system that needs some correction.
The Soviet Union was a democracy. A one party state but they had a parliment and the people voted for the parliment. What people get confused about is that because they had one party the party controlled everything.  If you run an election with only one party, you are not really running an election, especially when the leaders of that party are choosing your canidate. We in America should keepthis in mind as we watch our 2 parties comingle to the point that they become indistinguishable.
communism works perfect in theory. In theory.  The problem is that it's so open to corruption, any communist government will quickly become authoritarian, totalitarian, etc.
Actually it doesn't work in theory either, except in communist theory, which is full of holes. Even were a communist society on the scale of a modern nation organised by angels, or altruistic robots, unable to be corrupted, it would still fail.
communism works perfect in theory. In theory.  The problem is that it's so open to corruption, any communist government will quickly become authoritarian, totalitarian, etc.  Fraudulent utopias - of which the USSR was one - result from the fantasies of intellectuals who believe that a "better society" can be created by the force of ideas.
From a letter in today's Wall Street Journal:  Hindus in U.S. Exemplify Capitalism's Basic Virtue Francis Fukuyama's formulation of the fundamental criteria of citizenship in European nations -- "blood, soil and ancient shared memory" -- captures perfectly the fatal flaw at the heart of European multiculturalism, and reveals the hypocrisy of the European contempt for the American experience ("A Year of Living Dangerously," editorial page, Nov. 2). Critically, what is missing from that formulation, and from Prof. Fukuyama's prescription for cure, is the role of capitalism, and the worship of the almighty dollar.  As Hayek and his disciples have pointed out, capitalism is the most democratic and virtuous of social systems: dollars are not black, white or red. And a society that accords social and cultural respect to those who succeed in the economic sphere is, by definition, more inclusive than one based on any other set of criteria.  Let's take a really (one would think) remote cultural group in America: Hindus. Something like 40% of hotel/motel properties in America are owned by Patels and their cousins. And they contribute to American society at every level: philanthropic, cultural and social -- because of the respect they are accorded for their economic success. One generation: from immigrant to university donor and honoree.  But societies that place economic success well below "blood, soil and ancient shared memory" in their pantheon of virtues are fated to spend eternity trying to square the circle: integrating those who do not share in those historical criteria, and never will.  Barry Augenbraun -- St. Petersburg, Fla.Actually, one could also cite the success of Chinese merchants all over the world, South Korean capitalists in the U.S. and quite a number of other non-Europeans around the world.  Do all of these groups hold values in common? Or, is there a distinct brand of Hindu capitalism as opposed to Chinese capitalism as opposed to South Korean capitalism? And, I'd better not slight the Japanese in this discussion.  I'm not sure I approve of Hayek's take on capitalism, though.
Let's not forget the astonishing success of the Haitian diaspora in this country, either.   I took Hayek's point to be that in a capitalistic society, any individual's race, creed, color, religion, parentage or ethnic background are irrelevant to success. The only relevant characteristics are the individual's competence and willingness to work.
Could I, at least, observe that Freedom Fighter is certainly diligent in his ongoing fight against freedom?
In a socialist nation, the government issues identity cards to all its citizens, to ensure "national security". Anyone suspected of wrongdoing can more easily be rounded up and imprisoned than in a free society.  In a socialist nation, the government is the most important entity in determining whether an individual or group of individuals is prosperous or not, if a business is suspected of having links to terrorism, abortion, islam or political opponents, funding can be cut, ensuring high moral standards are maintained throughout the land.  In a socialist nation, the government funds schools and determines their curriculum - ensuring that all students learn the appropriate facts rather than controversial theories, ensuring the stability of the governing regime.  In a socialist regime the head of state is held to be deserving of respect and admiration from his subjects, ensuring a stable rule - those opposing actions taken by the government are regarded as "unpatriotic" and "appeasers".   In this way it is easy for a socialist nation to wage war and ensure foreign nations have friendly governments, where a less socialist government may not have the funding to maintain a high-tech global police force.
 There are democratic socialist groups which are also revolutionary (though not necessarily violent). Their aim is to set up parallel democratic structures that ultimately make the apparatus of the current state irrelevant.  Which is essentially what happened during, and since, the recent Argentinian economic collapse of 2001. While the government was still clinging to power, people organised themselves, first in small local units, then larger local units, then regional, and finally national. At every stage councils were set up representing the people at whichever level, and made real decisions which helped the country back on its feet while the government was essentially impotent. Not the best example, because the government was already in dire straits as the socialist movement grew, but this is a real model of grassroots socialism, power by the people, for the people.
I think you're mixing up socialist and fascist. Patriotism is anathema to socialism.  Fascism is a form of socialism, the most common (and pragmatic) form. We might refer to it as National Socialism rather than intenational socialism if you want to make a distinction.
By definition the most venerated entity in a fascist regime is the state. In a socialst regime it is the people.   What the people most venerate in a state doesn't determine what that state is, you could have a fascist regime where the most venerated entity is Allah, or a socialist regime where the most venerated entity was Stalin.
So a free society is one where the goverment does not have tabs on their citizens?  That's not the definition of a free society, but it is one of its attributes.  How could then the goverment work  Government does not work; that's why it is important to minimise it.  And since when was there a dichotomy between freedom and socialism?  Since the words had meaning.  Wouldn't it be rather MORE risk to be rounded up if you couldn't identify yourself and thus automatically become suspect  Yes, absolutely. Under a regime where identification papers must be presented on demand, anyone who for whatever reason does not have those papers on them becomes suspect, liable to be rounded up and imprisoned.
 Not necessarily. I don't think that they have a real problem with freedom in Sweden.   Sweden, like most of the western world, runs on a mixed economy. To the degree that it is socialist, it is not free, just like in the rest of the world. Surprisingly Sweden generally ranks quite highly on the sorts of "economic freedom index"s that are published from time to time. Now say what you will about the arbitrariness of weightings in such indexes, what I take from them, at least, is that in some ways Sweden is much more free, and less socialist than the likes of the US or western europe.  I am not intimately familiar with Sweden, but my first reaction to it is that it differs more in the kind of socialism it embraces than the degree to which it embraces it.  Socialism is NOT a political system, it is an economic system.  I disagree. Socialism is not an economic system, it is the absence of an economic system.   The absence of an economic system can only be maintained through a totalitarian state, and any "socialist" nation therefore has certain political attributes. It is not itself a political system; there are many particular ways by which free enterprise can be suppressed, and therefore many governments that may rightly be called socialist, we have seen the German model, the Italian model, the Soviet model, the Korean model, the Cuban model, the Chinese model, and we are seeing the American model's beginnings now. Some we call Communists, some we call Fascists, some National Socialists, some Theocracies, some Democracies but they are all socialist.  What you describe here is fascism, which you claim is essentially the same as socialism.   It is not the "same as" socialism, it is a form of socialism.  Mussolini, who essentially was the father of fascism, formed the fascist party in Italy after being expelled from the socialist party.  Undoubtedly they disagreed about the form Italian socialism was to take. The socialist party presumably wanted a form of socialism built around the working class; private economic activity would be abolished and resources distributed to the poor. Mussolini presumably preferred private economic activity be abolished and resources funneled into the government apparatus itself, the military and bureaucracy.
Sweden has been officially socialist since 1932.   Funny isn't it, how what things are "officially" is so different to what they are in reality.  Socialism is, by definition, an economic system.   I disagree.  What you are trying to do is pick the worst examples you can think of and say "THAT is socialism". This is similar to me pointing to Zimbabwe and IRan and saying THAT is democracy...or pointing at Nigeria or the Sudan and saying "THAT is capitalism".  I'm trying to pick any examples of places where socialism has been implemented. That they all happen to be terrible places I can't be blamed for.  By definition, the socialist economic system is built around the working class.  This is untrue, the capitalist economic system is built around the working class. McDonald's, Nike, Walmart, Ford, 99% of the productive capacity of capitalist society is dedicated to consumption goods for the working class.  It is essentially ALL private enterprise directed by the state  I gather by private enterprise directed by the state, you mean that private enterprise has been abolished and replaced with state enterprise, ie socialism.  That the names and the language of business is used is of no relevance to the reality of fascism, which is the same as under all forms of socialism, private, free exchange is abolished. There may still be goods in stores, but the government determines their price. People may still be employed, but the government determines their wages and positions. Businessmen may still run businesses, but what they produce, how much they pay their workers, is determined by the government.  This form of socialism is more effective because it makes full use of the resources and social structures which already exist, rather than tearing them all down and starting anew.  One of the first thing Mussolini did under his regime was break up all the labor unions and execute supporters of organized labor.   The first thing all socialists do, when they seize power, is to eliminate the advocates and potential champions of other forms of socialism.   This is COMPLETELY at odds with the socialist ideal where all means of production are owned and actively managed by organized labor.  This is not the socialist ideal, it is one of many. Other socialists idealise the means of production owned and actively managed by people of pure Germanic blood.  In summary, socialism comes in many different shapes and colours, and it is no more valid for a socialist of one variety to assert that other varieties are "not socialism" than it is for a Protestant to assert that a Catholic is "not Christian".
One of the biggest problems with socialism is the cradle-to-grave government provision. This quashes the entrepeneurial spirit and the drive to improve one's lot in life.
"directed capitalism" is nothing but a euphemism for socialism. There is no difference, when the government directs production, whether the businesses retain the title of businesses or they are renamed as government departments. A rose by any other name is still a rose.  You REALLY need to run, don't walk, to your nearest institute of higher education and take some classes in political science.  Argument from authority is logically invalid. I have no doubt various political science classes would teach something similar to what you are saying, I have been in classes which did. That many people and institutions are wrong does not make them right, and it is no surprise that socialist institutions, like public higher education systems, would attempt to distance themselves from fascism.
One is socialism, one is directed capitalism. By definition they are different, and they are mutually exclusive.  I disagree. Although they have different names, they are in essence the same.  Business being owned primarily by the government is also not socialism.   On the contrary, that is the very essence of socialism. Either that or all business is abolished except the business of government. Whether there is only one business, the government, or there are many businesses, and all of them are controlled by the government, "directed capitalism", there is only a cosmetic difference  Whether the managers of government industry are designated as "workers" in Cuba or "shop managers" in Germany, and whether the businesses are called "businesses" or "collectives" or "the department of agricultural prosperity" is of no essential import in distinguishing one socialist state from another.  From a practical standpoint, a true socialist economy essentially prohibits government ownership of anything.  Whoever is able to prohibit "government ownership" in a socialist society, ie some kind of "workers collective" in effect is the government of that society. You may as well say that in Germany there was no government control because the Nazi Party displaced it.  . As Alan points out above, socialism was supposed to be a transitional step between capitalism and the anarcy of pure communism.  In the apparent view of Marx and some socialists, but not in the view of others. Socialism neither began or ended with Marx, and there are many varieties of it with distinct qualities from the Marxist model (with its own various interpretation).  Furthermore when Marx spoke of the end of the state, he defined the state as the exploitation of one class by another, so a society without classes would neccessarily be without a state. Marx's "anarchy" is anarchy only by way of an unusual definition of the word state, it is not an actual anarchy at all.  The following words actually have definitions:  Capitalism Directed Capitalism Socialism Fascism Communism  I put it to you that I understand the definitions of these words, and that you are confusing the definition of socialism with what you believe to be its implications.   When socialism fails to meet what you believe to be its "goals" (even though economic systems do not themselves have goals, and different people advocate socialism for different reasons), you declare that it is not socialism, but something else. When you declare something to be "a long way from the socialist ideal", that is only your ideal of socialism, other socialists have different ideals (which is why they fight each other so much).  You essentially seem to want to define anything that is not unrestricted free market capitalism as "socialist". This is just stupid. There are a LOT of different systems out there that fit neither the definition of free market capitalism or socialism.  I would call most societies today mixed economies, having some socialist and some capitalist elements. There are a few societies which are almost entirely socialist in nature, and a few which are almost entirely capitalist.  You do not pave the way to anarchy by installing an all controlling, totalitarian government.  I agree, those who believe in a socialism and anarchy are deluding themselves. Socialism can only be implemented through total government, and total government does not lead to anarchy. Although, then again it sort of does, at least temporarily, as socialist governments tend to collapse.
Unregulated capitalism is quite horrifying - to the owners of large corporations. They are forever at the mercy of the whims of consumers and the advances of rivals, all of whom are attempting to undercut their prices, improve upon their products and take their customers at every turn. Business is cuthroat, and no company will likely stay at the top for long.  The state offers them a means by which a large corporation can be permanently entrenched, they can be granted a monopoly and their losses insured.  Wal-Mart for example, is a strong advocate of raising the minimum wage, not, of course, because they wish to pay their workers more (they could do this themselves of course, voluntarily, without their being a law), but because they wish to drive out of business smaller competitors who cannot afford the same monetary wages as Wal-Mart offers (even though they may offer better working conditions in other respects, eg a less hectic workplace, closer location to home etc).  Intellectual support of socialism is similarly self-serving. In a free society the role of political scientists, economists, and politicians themselves is fairly unimportant, they may catalogue a history of economic events, teach that history to students, make forecasts. But in a socialist state their positions are of much greater importance and grandeur - the intellectuals take on the role of "social planners", they must decide what everyone else must do, what projects and technologies should be pursued, where resources should be allocated, etc.  In a more immediate sense, the intellectual who takes on such a "planning role", even in a more limited sense, will easily find employment, by the government, than one who confronts ideologically the justification for taking any measures at all. For example, an intellectual who today writes a paper on "How to win the war in Iraq: psychological warfare in the 21st century" will easily find himself a highly paid member of the military industry, while one who suggests we withdraw from Iraq will not. Or more distantly, Keynes rose to prominence after the German government promoted him as "Britain's greatest economist", for declaring that the reason for Germany's economic hardship were the reparations it was orderered to pay. In this way, if ten individuals set out with honest intentions, some socialist leaning and some not, it is the socialist ones who will be promoted, by the government, as great thinkers.  Of course, exposure to political and economic theory can swing a person either way. But this is the primary reason, in my view, that so many intellectuals and "business leaders", with little exposure to theory at all, support an increased role for government.
Interesting that you have no problems defining socialism (=evil) in a breath but squirms when encouraged to explain your own pet political system of choice.  I did not define socialism as evil. Nor was I asked to explain a free society. I was asked a yes or no question, whether the government not keeping tabs on its citizens was the definition of a free society, a question which I answered for you more than adequately. If you have any followup questions, feel free to ask them.   So whether an enterprise is wholly owned by the workers operating it, or owned by the government it is all the same?  That depends what you mean by "wholly owned". If they "wholly own" it, then they can sell it, and if they can sell, the system is capitalist, not socialist. But in the societies we are talking about, workers or "shop owners" who "wholly own" things "wholly own" them in name only. In reality the government retains real ownership, and only allows others to use them under conditions it specifies. The reality is the same, only the name has changed.  There is only ONE system which can truly be defined as socialism, and that is the socialist theroy generated by Marx. Just like there has only ever been ONE truly fascist regime, and that was Mussolinis.  And there is only one religion, and it is Christianity - everything else is a cult, right?  Weren't you the one directing me to read Wikipedia as a source on socialism? I thought this meant you had read it and agreed with it yourself, obviously not..  The word "socialism" dates back at least to the early nineteenth century. It was first used, self-referentially, in the English language in 1827 to refer to followers of Robert Owen. In France, again self-referentially, it was used in 1832 to refer to followers of the doctrines of Saint-Simon and thereafter by Pierre Leroux and J. Regnaud in l'Encyclop&#233;die nouvelle. Use of the word spread widely and has been used differently in different times and places, both by various individuals and groups that consider themselves socialist and by their opponents. While there is wide variation between socialist groups...  By the time of the Revolution of 1848 there were a variety of competing "socialisms", the most influential being those founded by Saint-Simon, Owen and Charles Fourier. Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels by this time were referring to themselves as "communists", in large part to distinguish themselves from the above ideologies, which they described as "utopian socialism". (Engels later used the term "scientific socialism" to describe Marxism.)...  Depending on the context, the term socialism may refer either to these ideologies or any of their many lineal descendants.   Thankyou for demonstrating why there are so many internal conflicts between socialists, each declares their brand of socialism is the only true socialism and that all the others are not real socialists at all, but capitalist sympathisers.   all governments tend to collapse  Because all governments, once established, tend towards socialism.
So taking care of the less fortunate is a bad thing? No, but it should be under the purview of the church and not for profit charities. Government intervention in this has been nothing but a boondoggle.  The drive to improve one's lot in life is a flawed concept to begin with. It leads to greed which is heart and driving force behind capitalism. So you think that I should just give up trying to make a better life for me and my family, huh? Keep working for next to nothing while the government continues to siphon more money out of my hard earned paycheck, eh?
I don't know: I am a upstanding educated man who wants nothing more than to be a husband, father, and provider given the right woman.  I have seen several women with whom I have been involved go off to become the single mothers of other men's children. A woman who has sole responsibillity for a child is IN FACT a less valuable employee on account of the time she will need to take off to care for that child. Knowing that there are at least three women out there who have chosen single motherhood with the progeny of less responsible men over a life with me, why should I sympathise with their like in this?
It's not rhetoric, it is true that single mothers earn less.  I am just asking why this is innapropriate? If an employer knows that an employee is going to take more time off and cost more in health care, why shouldn't that employer pay that person less?
During my business years single mothers were generally far more reliable than the average employee without that particular burden. They couldn't afford to miss work and normally had support systems in place for emergencies. Nor were they paid less than anyone else with identical education and skill sets.  This mirrors my own experience. Single mothers and fathers, or fathers who are the sole provider, tend to be more reliable.  I can't help but wonder what methodology was used in the cited study. It is not explained anywhere I could find. As a cross section of society, I would imagine that single mothers tend to make less for the same reason that women tend to make less....because they curtail their own advancement. They are uninterested in doing the 70-90 hour weeks that are required of management in many scenarios, so they do not seek higher paying jobs.
I think that in reality you both are right, and single mothers earn the same wage as others in any given job-category. We are really looking at a situation where single mothers have less "career flexibillity": The abillity to complete additional years of schooling, the abillity to relocate often, the abillity to work extremely long or irregular hours.  Without this "career flexibillity" they simply have fewer tools to use in advancing to better paid job-categories.
THe only "solution" that I am aware of to this is socialism. As george aptly points out, a large contingent of "working poor" is simply a byproduct of capitalism. The swedes and large portions of Europe have shown that socialism can work, but it is unlikely that we would or even could implement such a system here. Socialism does not fit well with a culture of conspicous consumption.   We are what we are and we live under the syatem that we have, not the system that you might wish we had. That being the case, if you wantt o excell under our system, you have to play by the rules of the game.
Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn.   While money may not be able to buy happiness, it can buy time, transportation, and equipment, as well as making most of life's more mundane problems vanish.   If you cannot be happy when unencumbered with problems and while possessing the ability to pretty much go anywhere you want to go and do anything you want to do, you have serious psychological problems and should probably buy some therapy then go back and try it again. The up side is that you should have no trouble hiring the best therapists money can buy, assuring a recovery
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :) You are entitled to your opinion, but what/who determines the criteria for "worthless"? If a man devotes his life to the accumulation of wealth and is happy in his pursuit .... is his life worthless? If his pursuit results in expanded commerce, jobs, products, knowledge ..... is his life worthless? I have known men who worked every day to accumulate wealth, but their net worth was just the way they kept score .... the fun for them was the race, not the purse. They seemed to be happy with their "worthless" lives and their checks to me and other employees never bounced. Dono
I'd like to see how much wealth you can take with you to your grave. I will take out exactly the same amount I came in with; as will you. I have known real poverty and some affluence, but wealth has never been my primary goal and I was not defending myself in my remarks about your assessment of what is "worthless". I simply questioned the veracity of your statement and asked a couple of simple yes or no questions.  Dono
You bought time? I doubt this. You are going to live X years. No matter how much money you have you will not be able to extend that.  Sure I did. I retired 30 yrs earlier than most people. I now have the majority of my life to do whatever I wish. I have bought all the free time in the world.   Even the idea that you cannot extend your life due to wealth in incorrect. Your life expectancy increases with your income bracket. Look it up. Didn't you ever wonder how guys like Warren Buffet, Allan Greenspan, Dick Cheney, etc... manage to be out white water rafting, and hunting, and running huge companies well into their 70's and 80's (and sometimes even 90's)? They are getting better medical care than your HMO is willing to pop for.    People that live by money die the most unsatisfied people. I have never met a happy person that seeked wealth yet I know many that are wealthy.   This is a lie that poor people and the middle class tells themselves. The vast majority of wealthy people I have known who are unsatisfied are suffering from boredom. Right now I am bored and unsatsfied. I am thinking of taking up hovercraft racing. I have a design that I think will just dominate the field.    Far better caring for the things that matter in life than worrying about working 80hrs a week so you can ski once a year.  You are missing the point. You work 80 hours per week until you have accumulated enough wealth, then you flip the corporate world the bird and wander off to do whatever the hell you want. By then you should have established enough wealth and expertise that you can simply put your holdings in autonomous investments and cash the checks every 6 months, or at least give them minimal attention.  The other thing that you are missing is that nmost people who work 80+ hours per week do so because they love the game.   Personally the only thing I miss about working is working. I LOVE the game. Nothing is more exciting. Your net worth is just a score card and insurance that your kids will have a chance to play.   I used to have the "neglecting the family" argument with my idiot brother in law. He is a teacher and never has any money. He goes home form work and does things like cut the grass, paint the house, chore type things, then sits on his butt and watches football because by the time he gets done working and done with all the honeydo XXXX, he is tired. His kids play in the play room alone.   Even when I would work long hours (often I had the kids at the office with me, but that is another argument), I would spend more time with my kids than he did. I would be at the office later, but then come home and watch dora or have tea parties or whatever becuause while I was at work, somebody else painted the house, mowed the lawn, did all the chores and honeydo's.   While there are certainly those who neglect their families, theya re the minority and either do not like their fmailies all that much, or are playign out of their league.  Face it. Life is better with money.
Sure I did. I retired 30 yrs earlier than most people. I now have the majority of my life to do whatever I wish. I have bought all the free time in the world.   Even the idea that you cannot extend your life due to wealth in incorrect. Your life expectancy increases with your income bracket. Look it up. Didn't you ever wonder how guys like Warren Buffet, Allan Greenspan, Dick Cheney, etc... manage to be out white water rafting, and hunting, and running huge companies well into their 70's and 80's (and sometimes even 90's)? They are getting better medical care than your HMO is willing to pop for.   This is a lie that poor people and the middle class tells themselves. The vast majority of wealthy people I have known who are unsatisfied are suffering from boredom. Right now I am bored and unsatsfied. I am thinking of taking up hovercraft racing. I have a design that I think will just dominate the field.   You are missing the point. You work 80 hours per week until you have accumulated enough wealth, then you flip the corporate world the bird and wander off to do whatever the hell you want. By then you should have established enough wealth and expertise that you can simply put your holdings in autonomous investments and cash the checks every 6 months, or at least give them minimal attention.  The other thing that you are missing is that nmost people who work 80+ hours per week do so because they love the game.   Personally the only thing I miss about working is working. I LOVE the game. Nothing is more exciting. Your net worth is just a score card and insurance that your kids will have a chance to play.   I used to have the "neglecting the family" argument with my idiot brother in law. He is a teacher and never has any money. He goes home form work and does things like cut the grass, paint the house, chore type things, then sits on his butt and watches football because by the time he gets done working and done with all the honeydo XXXX, he is tired. His kids play in the play room alone.   Even when I would work long hours (often I had the kids at the office with me, but that is another argument), I would spend more time with my kids than he did. I would be at the office later, but then come home and watch dora or have tea parties or whatever becuause while I was at work, somebody else painted the house, mowed the lawn, did all the chores and honeydo's.   While there are certainly those who neglect their families, theya re the minority and either do not like their fmailies all that much, or are playign out of their league.  Face it. Life is better with money.  I couldn't agree more Daewoo.  Here's my take - wealth isn't the primary goal, family, happiness, and health are the TRUE goals, but by making wealth the primary goal, you facilitate the TRUE goals in life.  As for money not buying happiness, I can't believe people still use that line. Imagine the happiest period in your life. Now imagine that period if you would have had the means to do everything you desired at the time. Now imagine you had the means to do everything your friends and family desired at the time and now.......but money can't buy happiness.  As for "you can't take it with you", no, you sure can't, but you can leave it to your children and family. Providing them with that head start will make sure they have the means to reach their TRUE goals.  Waxy
I've seen a few studies on the links between wealth and happiness, they generally suggest that once you get past the "comfortable" point financially (i.e. you don't have difficulty affording housing, food etc.) the amount of money you have makes very little difference.   I would agree with this. Unfortunatly the "comfortable" point is much higher than most people realize.
No you don't. By making it a goal you can potentially facilitate the true goals. If it is made the primary goal, these true goals will fall to the wayside as they are not the primary goals. You even seem to acknowledge this somewhat later in your post by recognizing it as a means, not an end.   In reality wealth is difficult enough to accumulate that unless you make it your primary goal, you end up in the middle class making do. IF, on the other hand, you make it your pri ary goal you really only have to make enogh to get to the point that it is self perpetuating. Then you just have to be either smart enough to invest it yourself (which by then you should be based on the knowledge you will have acquired in gaining your wealth) OR smart enoguh to choose a portfolio manager that can handle things for you.
You think it's impossible to obtain this level of wealth without making it your #1 goal in life? I don't see a reason to believe that this is the case.  Secondly, you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?  I think you are underestimating the amount of time, dedication, and work that such a thing takes.  Can anybody do it? Of course! Well....ok...a certain level of intelligence is required, but not much. All you really need is the drive and the willingness to work hard. I do not mean 40 hrs/wk hard, I mean 80 hrs /wk and always on call hard. You also have to be able to face realities, even unpleasant ones, and you must without question be able to make difficult decisions (firing, etc...) even when it is unpleasant.
If you are working 80 hrs/wk and you have a family, you can't possibly be giving them the time and attention they need and deserve. And they need and deserve your time more than they do your money.  BS. Even when I was working 90-100 hrs /wk I was devoting mroe time to my children than most people who were only working 40 hrs /wk  Second, my point in asking "you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?" was to say that in a capitalist system, there are inherintly going to be people on the bottom. It is unavoidable. So to say that it is possible for everyone to do this is absurd.  I did not say that everybody could do it. I said that anybody could do it. BIG difference. There will always be plenty of people unwilling to put in the hours and work required to do it.
So you must have been working through the night so you could see your kids during the day. You couldn't have been sleeping. Well there are several possible explanations for this, but I'll be nice and just mention two. 1) You're a medical anomoly that doesn't need sleep 2) Cocaine, meth, or mainlining caffeine  Lets not forget the most likely, which is like just abiout every former special forces soldier on the planet, I adapted to get by on less sleep, something that anybody can do. A few miserable weeks and you, too, could be a "medical anomoly" like hundreds of millions of other people.  Unwilling people has got nothing to do with it. If everyone in this country was willing and able, it would still not be possible just by nature of how capitalism works.  And if purple elephants fell out of the sky some people would be crushed and be unable to do it. Stop making excuses. Not everybody would do it because most people are simply too lazy. Working as hard as they needed to to in order to meet their full potential woudl mean less time to sit on their butts and watch football and whose the biggest fatass. The fact that there can be some mretty major rewards down the road for such dedication (like the ability to fly to any football game you want to see it) is too long range a concept for most people.   Besides, beyond the whole issue of time sacrifice, people would also have to moderate spending to assure that they are not spending so much as to waylay their goals. This means a postive savings rate so you have money to invest. That would mean looking at the wider view. Americans want everythign and want it NOW. They want new houses, new cars, new gadgets and gizmos. Depriving themselves of these things in the short term for broader gain in the long term is not a concept that most can grasp.
I don't understand the unfamiliarity with 80-hour executive workweeks. 14-hr days including the short Saturday were never considered abnormal, even without travel, due to the US difference in time zones. If you did business in NY and California, there's 11-hours right there. Toss in international time zones and clocks only meant what time it was in other places. Travel easily stretched them out to 100-hours and beyond. I understand that would be foreign to hourly workers, most staff, all government employees and education, but do people actually think they should be entitled to above normal acheivement measured by wealth for working 8-10 hours a day? 8-10 hour days are for after goals have been achieved and regular jobs. Those were the conditions that normally precluded a working single mother from competing at the executive level.   Personally, I always was in the office from 6AM-8PM (central) mon-fri then worked from home on the weekends. I never really thought it was an excessibve work load, just what had to be done to get ahead and stay ahead.   From many of the posts I'm reading and the state of the US and European economies, many have changed the balance of effort from stressing professional endeavors to personal time. Complete with demands for high standards of living on minimal effort. Chinese, Indian and other emerging economies are eating your lunches for obvious reasons.  "World owes us a living" disorder. I don't think that the situation we are in has impacteed most Americans yet. Judging from the way the dollar is going, and other economic indicators (such as a 75% increase in home foreclosures last month), I would say that winter is coming and the grasshoppers are screwed.   This just came across my news ticker:  [FELDSTEIN], Harvard Univ prof, in an interview with the Nikkei Shimbun says Dlr needs to decline to the level US consumers shift their purchase to US goods from imports so that consumption slowdown does not affect GDP. He says in order to cut trade deficits to the level external debts/GDP ratio does not increase, Dlr might need to fall 30-40% according to an estimate, and introduces the fact Dlr lost 40% of its value in the 1980's when US c/a deficits/GDP ratio was smaller. He sees China can accept Yuan strength once it can prevent spec funds inflow, and stresses Jpn should not intervene to avoid US's conservatism. He says US econ would slowdown if savings rate rise and trade deficits stay unchanged. Note there have been rumors recently he would succeed Snow.   Personally, I don't think it is likely that we will be able to revalue the dollar 30-40% without crashing it. Central banks have made it pretty clear that they are not going to sit idly by holding our dollars while we devalue their currency reserves by 40%. If we see a massive dollar sell off, which is not out of the question, a 40% revaluation would quickly become a 60-70% devaluation.  Show of hands (or at least somethign for people to think about), how many here can continue their lifestyle making 30-40% less?
You seem to be completely missing my point. I'm not making excuses for anyone. I am simply saying that it is inherent, in fact necessary, for some to not be able to accumulate wealth in a capitalist system.  I understand. What I am saying is that those poeple are volunteers, and there is never any shortage of them. The reason that ANYBODY can do it is becuase the vast majority will not. It does nto take that much to get ahead of your fellow man, especially in the US. I have met a lot of peopel who have millions, or even hundreds of millions of dollars who are ocmplete and utter XXXXXX. Lacking brains, what they DO posess is the willingness to work towards a goal and just enough common sense to let thoe more knowedgable handle their affairs.
I heard a funny story that many many moons ago fathers took care of their families. Is this true, or is it just a rumor? Maybe mothers are in trouble because so many of them are single mothers. Maybe they are single mothers because the fathers skipped out. Maybe the fathers skipped out because they were told that the kids would be able to live on welfare.
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :)  LOL, well, while I'm living in my million dollar mansion kicking back by the pool drinking margaritas and then hopping in my Ferrari to take a spin around the block, you can tell me how worthless my life is. You sound like you are just bitterly jealous of people who are actually successful.   The idea that you have to make a choice between work OR family is ludacris. I work so I can actually enjoy my leisure time. If you don't have money, how do you afford to raise a family and participate in leisure activities? Living costs money, period. I want to provide the best environment and future I can for my family, so I work hard. Guess what? I used to live off of $12,000 a year. That is $1,000 a month, about $250 a week. This is chump change. If I can live of that, ANYBODY can...unless you make poor decisions and end up with kids that you can't afford or you are just poor at money management. People need to accept responsibility for their lot in life and stop blaming everything and everyone else for their failures. If you are motivated enough, anybody can succeed in America. That is why this country is great. If you don't succeed, it is usually because you are lazy or unmotivated. If you want to spend the rest of your life being a victim and blaming everyone else, go ahead. It isn't capitalism that creates poor people, it is human nature that creates poor people. Even if you get rid of money, something will still be valuable to humans....land, food, water, bullets, etc. And the people with the most of theses things will have power and control. This holds true with any economic system. America allows the most individual freedom of choices, but people want the government to hold their hand and they have a bizarre sense of entitlement. This is what doesn't make any sense to me. After hurricane Katrina hit, we saw how effective the federal government is at helping people. And these are the same people you want to hand over your healthcare and finances to? No thanks!
I'll be sure to remind them to bury your car and mansion with you when you die.  Everybody dies, but not everybody truly lives my friend. What is wrong with wanting to have a good life while we are here on earth?
I'll be sure to remind them to bury your car and mansion with you when you die.  I think that DrNo needs to update his life goals. It has been a long time since a million bucks would buy a mansion. At best a million $ will buy you a McMansion...and unremarkable home in a subdivision of unremarkable homes made out of cardboard and sawdust (though we call it "MDF" and "masonite" to make people feel better about their McMansions).   Sadly, burying him in his McMansion is not an option since cardboard siding is not burial rated and decays fairly rapidly due to ground contact. I am all for bulldozing and burying McMansions. Using them as a casket is just not an option. They are not built well enough.
So what is the downside to burying someone in a McMansion again?  Only that it would not last long underground. Then again, they don't seem to last very long above ground, either, and since they are eyesores anyway, I say go for it.   Have you ever seen one burn? They go up like the cardboard packing crates that they are. My father used ot own the largest residential construction company in the state before selling it off due to housing market slowdowd. He still owns a VERY profitable business that does nothing but replace the cardboard siding on McMansions when they are 8-15 yrs old and the siding starts to fail and flake off.
I have never found living to include trying to impress the neighbors with my ego.  Me either. It's funny you would bring up impressing the neighbors. I think that says more about your ego than mine. I could care less what other people think of me. Why do you associate wealth with ego? Because I don't want to live in a shack and scrape together loose change from the couch to buy a XXXX meal from a burger joint (which I have done in the past), that makes me egotistical? Because I strive for success and try to be the best at what I do, that makes me egotistical? Because I want to live comfortably in a nice home (preferably with NO neighbors to your apparent surprise), that makes me egotistical? There is nothing noble about being poor. Being poor sucks. And there is nothing egotistical about being wealthy.
I actually agree with DrNo here. It is definatly more fun to be rich than poor. I have tried both and certainly prefer wealth. Can you buy happiness? Maybe, maybe not. Money will make most of lifes problems go away, though, and if you have enough it ensures that you can have just about anything you want.  Still, DrNo, mansions start at about $120 million.
I actually agree with DrNo here. It is definatly more fun to be rich than poor. I have tried both and certainly prefer wealth. Can you buy happiness? Maybe, maybe not. Money will make most of lifes problems go away, though, and if you have enough it ensures that you can have just about anything you want.  Still, DrNo, mansions start at about $120 million.  I prefer Tony Robbins' take on wealth. It doesn't solve all of your problems, but you can arrive to them in style.
 You can build a nice house for less than 1 million. The key is to make sure you live out in the country where land is cheap ;). I lived in a planned community growing up...and while it was a "good" enviroment to grow up in, after you realize eveyrone there is full of themselves and annoying as hell you can't go back :)  Absolutly. DrNo specifically said "mansion" and you are not going to get a mansion for a million bucks. My house was well under a million dollars if you don't include land, outbuildings and my wifes rediculously expensive garden. I think it is nice, but at 8700 sq ft, nobody is going to be calling it a "mansion". It is just a house with a rediculously expensive garden.   I grew up in the burbs and I HATE the burbs. I LOATHE the burbs. My brothers and sisters all live in cookie cutter houses in the burbs. I don't even like to go there to visit. I would rather live in a tent than live in a McMansion.  When I was in college I framed houses during the summer. I used to go out on callbacks to fix problems in houses we had already built and sold. It always amazed me how many people had a $250,000 house with 2 $30,000 cars in the driveway, a big screen TV and leather furniture in the living room, and an air matress on the floor upstairs to sleep on and cabinets full of tuna because they blew all their money on the stuff that the neiborghs could see and then could not afford a bed or decent food. What a bunch of XXXXXX.
haha too true. My favorite house is one my grandfather built in Edenton, NC. Around it are a bunch of freaks that keep on trying to impress the other but my grandfathers house was this little house on pylons with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. The house was awesome eventhough it was small. Now, the thing was built like a rock...so when a hurricane passed by a few years ago, guess whos house was left standing (these homes are on the water by the way)? Lets right....all those big trying to impress the neighbor homes got washed away or damaged while my small humble house stayed with no damage ;)  My house is built of limestone blocks except for the front, which is brick. I had to bring in masons from out of state to construct it. It should last several hundred years as long as somebody replaces the slate roof every hundred years or so. The best part is that I never have to paint :)  Personally I have never understood the "keeping up with the joneses" mentality. Too many people try (and succeed) at living far beyond their means and it seems they are primarily just trying to one up the guy next door. I personally have never had any overriding desire to "show up" andybody by buying junk that I cannot afford and do not really need.   Don't get me wrong, I like my creature comforts and my toys. I buy them for me, not because I want the yuppie sum next door to see it and be jealous.
Limestone huh? My former college uses limestone in all their buildings. Expensive, but you won't be picking up the pieces 50 years from now after a massive hurricane...not that this university would get one.  Limoestone is the indigenous rock around here. I considred granite, but would have had to have it shiped in at nearly 10x the cost. The limestone was not much more expensive than brick would have been. Hurricanes are not generally a problem in Kansas. I like the way the old limestone buildings look, and it is a sold bit of engineering!
A friend asked my wife what kind of house I would want if I was inclined to build again. My wife answered, "The usual.... 2 bedrooms, 40-car garage".  Dono
Let what you do be what you love.  If it makes you money, all the better!
You got a picture of how it looks? I have been interested in seeing how limestone would look on a house...maybe I can do a google image search.  Where are you from that they don't have limestone houses?
Why so many bedrooms? There is a method to my madness ..... the second bedroom is for me when I get banished for spending too much time in the garage. Dono
I told you...I grew up in a suburb that wouldn't have them...went to a college that only had limestone buildings...I now live in an area that hasn't heard of anything but red brick and plastic siding.  You poor disadvantaged boy.   I do not have any pictures of my house online. Take a look at http://www.nps.gov/tapr/VirtualTour/VTmansion.htm  that is the tallgrass prairie preserve about 20 miles from here, and it is actually the old ranch house there that prompted me to go with limestone block. Note I say "limestone block" as opposed to old english limestone or any of a dozen other tyeps of limestone.  The front of the house is actually limestone up to about 4", then a marble accent band, then brick on to the top. My wife decided either last year or the year before that she wantes a korean garden (korean style anyway). We go that done, then she wated a wall around it, so I had a limestone wall put in around 8 acres. The wall actually joins the house and is about 8" tall. The front part (the part you see looking at the house) is limestone block. Then we switched to an old english type (rough stone) wall because it is cheaper, if not as astehtically pleasing, as the block (IMO).   The guesthouse is in the garden and is also old english style limestone construction. The wife wanted block, but I thought that block was too expensive for a guest house.  This is the flint hills, and is pretty much where limestone comes from. There are quarries all over the place and I can actually get limestone block (FOB) cheaper than brick. Rough limestone is literally free, but you need a better mason to install it to keep it from cracking. The wall around the garden was actually cheaper to do in limestone than it would have been to do a wrought iron fence and I think it looks much better.
If you are working 80 hrs/wk and you have a family, you can't possibly be giving them the time and attention they need and deserve. And they need and deserve your time more than they do your money.  Second, my point in asking "you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?" was to say that in a capitalist system, there are inherintly going to be people on the bottom. It is unavoidable. So to say that it is possible for everyone to do this is absurd.  This isn't inherent to capitalism; this is inherent to people. It doesn't matter what economic system a society has in place. Something will be assigned value by the people (currency, land, livestock, etc.) There will be people with a lot of these valuables, people with a little, and people in the middle. This is unavoidable and has nothing to do with capitalism itself.  Also, contrary to your belief, capitalism is actually what gives everybody equal economical opportunity. Recognize your talents, develop a skill, and market this skill. Generally, the only thing that seperates a wealthy person from an average income person is determination. Most people simply aren't willing to put forth the effort and time required to accumulate wealth.
This isn't inherent to capitalism; this is inherent to people. It doesn't matter what economic system a society has in place. Something will be assigned value by the people (currency, land, livestock, etc.) There will be people with a lot of these valuables, people with a little, and people in the middle. This is unavoidable and has nothing to do with capitalism itself.  Also, contrary to your belief, capitalism is actually what gives everybody equal economical opportunity. Recognize your talents, develop a skill, and market this skill. Generally, the only thing that seperates a wealthy person from an average income person is determination. Most people simply aren't willing to put forth the effort and time required to accumulate wealth.  Don't forget risk. Most people aren't willing to take the risk necessary to succeed.
Jim,  The working class has shown themselves unfit to lead. What now?
Fortunately, the Bolshevik Revolution failed. 1989, the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down, along with Soviet Ideology.  Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it.
Spin it all you want, but forced redistribution of wealth by government edict, whether by state ownership or cofiscatory taxes or whatever just does not work. To say nothing of the fact that there is no incentive to better one's self, no entrepeneurial spirit encouraged, and no quality of life outside of what the "state" dictates. George Orwell would be proud.
there are other models of communism than the soviet one. Redistribution can be coupled with business built on the collective model, like the co-op or John Lewis in the UK, communist doesn't have to mean Stalinist. I'm unfamiliar with Mr. Lewis. I have no faith in planned economies though. Nor do I support redistribution based on formulas that do not measure individual productivity.
The working class do rise up. They rise up and create their own business and then hire other working class.
Bingo!! Give the man a cigar.:) That's how captialism works. Nobody should expect the government to dole out a living. That's been my contention from the getgo.
Ouch. Please don't mention places like sweden where socialism has done quite well, or the fact that most of Europe runs under a mixed (socialist/capitalist system). It detracts from the "we defeated socialism" doctorine as well as the "socialism simply does not work" doctorine.   In the end, socialism and cpaitalism have both pretty much shown themselves to be failures. Neither has really delivered on their promise and no country has actually thrived under one or the other. The US did not grow to be the economic superpower it is today under strictly a capitalist system, it was after depression era social programs that the US really took off as an economic super power.   Since both systems have been shown to be complete and utter failures on their own, mixed systems have become fairly popular. There are, IMO, problems with mixed systems as well since I do not think it is possible to achieve and maintain an optimal balance between capitalism and socialism.  I think that eventually we will adopt a system which carries elements fo bothe but is completely different. It seems highly likely that in 100 or 200 years we will look back on both capitalism and communism as amusing but somewhat disturbing economic experiments. Both have fairly serious problems that their supporters are willfully blind to.  I'm sorry but you will have to explain to me how socialist/capitalist France can be considered doing well with an ailing economy and 15% unemployment rates. The budding Chinese economy is breaking out of its communist ties and vaulting toward capitalism and the country is seeing unprecedented growth while France becomes more and more socialist and dies a little more each day. Now how is it that capitalism is a misreable failure?  As far as the comment on the US only being prosperous because of the socialist reforms made in the 30's is completely ludicrous. I don't know if you have heard of the roaring twenties but that was an incredibly prosperous time for the United States with none of Mr. Roosevelt's reforms. Now, let's think of the great socialist reforms that Roosevelt made. How about we start with Social Security. What a great reform that turned out to be. Isn't that one of the biggest economic problems in this country today? If you take an historical-economic look back into the days of socialist reform, very little of the entire alphabet soup actually made a difference on the economy. It was the war that actually brought us out of the depression. Now, the SEC, FDIC, and Glass-Stegall Act were all reforms that were more or less safeguards from the severity of crashes but were not made to pull the economy out of the depression like the other reforms were. (CCC, NIRA, WPA, etc.) As history tells, legislation is not an economic panacea. It is usually a blight on economies. They stunt growth in order to rebalance money. They sacrifice efficiency with false promises of creating more equity. (If you want me to embellish on this statement I will but not in this post). Let's consider what government does to help make the economy boom. Cutting taxes, not messing with the minimum wage, lowering interest rates (in other words, lowering the artificial rate floor and allowing an equilibrium point to be reached), tax breaks for incentive, etc. All these things are ways of taking government out of the economy and when they do, people prosper. This is completely against socialist thinking because it means government is not giving handouts. It is through growth that the economy is strong and socialism does not cultivate growth. How can you grow when startup costs for a business are way too high because of the minimum wage or taxes being too high. Who wants to expand overseas to a country with higher taxes? No one. That is nipping growth not helping.   I would appreciate if you could open my eyes to what I am blind to being a capitalist.
 Face it. Capitalism is flawed. In fact, capitalist theory is flawed from the outset. Capitalist theory essentially depends on infinite growth. Infinite growth is not possible. It is not even possible, if for no other reason for the fact that we live on a finite planet.  But that is what is so great about capitalism. There can be infinite growth. The point of capitalism is to find a way for growth. That is what it inspires. When resources are used up, alternative resources are found. When those are gone, new methods are used. Do you think one person back in the early automobile times thought that their cars would run on corn? Or (coming in the future) water (hydrogen cells)? I doubt it. Did the early industrialists think that electricity could come from anything but burning coal? Again doubtful. Now we are searching the winds, sun, water, and even the atoms for that power. When you give people the incentive, they will find a way and that is the fundamental idea behind capitalism. That is why I believe it works. Fundamentally, it is sound.
I believe you would have to look back at the Roosevelt Administration (the other one) to see America emerging on the World's stage. President Theodore Roosevelt strengthened the Great White Fleet - not out of desire for conquest, but as a response to growing German militarism under Kaiser Wilhelm and the demonstrated prowess of the Japanese Naval arm. President Roosevelt negotiated an end to the Russo-Japanese war and prevented an early outbreak of war between Germany and France over possession of Morocco. He understood the strategic value of a canal linking the Atlantic Ocean with the pacific and took over construction from a foundering French effort.   Theodore Roosevelt presided over one of the largest industrial booms in American History. A devoted capitalist, he also saw the need for workforce reforms and used the bully pulpit to mediate a coal worker's strike in Pennsylvania and to break up the Northern Securities Trust. His efforts to create a "Square Deal" prevented communism from taking root in America. The Communist system can never take wind in a nation with a healthy prosperous middle class because communist depends on class envy. With no angry mob to storm the Bastille, communism simply withers on the vine. Roosevelt's reforms led to the increase in the middle class with an attendant decrease in interest in communism. It may be argued that TR, rather than RR defeated the Evil Empire.
The story of Ireland's recent success, I believe is through the capitalistic measures that have been taken.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_Republic_of_Ireland  http://www.economist.com/countries/Ireland/profile.cfm?folder=Profile-FactSheet  http://www.cato.org/dailys/04-21-03.html  All these sites have in them the same phrases like, "reducing regulation," "lower taxes," and "maintaining low inflation." Sounds like capitalism at work to me. The less government is involved, the better. And on the economist.com factsheet, you can see that GDP per head is on the rise meaning the overall standard of living is rising. None of the articles make much mention of this little fact either but the people of Ireland are now staying in Ireland. There was negative population growth for a long time because there was no opportunity or incentive to stay so the younger people were leaving. Now, there is positive population growth and the people are staying. Their taxes are significantly lower than many European nations while they are running a near balanced budget. Sounds like they have found a more optimal point on the Laffer Curve to me. This is my take on the situation in Ireland and I would be curious to see who agrees/disagrees with me and why. Please respond.
You missed the bits about huge quantities of EU subsidy then, I take it? Basically Ireland is more of a textbook case of the effectiveness of Keynesian economic theories, with the added benefit that Ireland doesn't have to pay a lot of the money back.  Sure they got a little jump start, but they aren't giving it all up and becoming socialist like the rest of the EU. EU is trying to get all kinds of more capitalism minded nations with them. They are reaching to the Eastern Eurpoean countries to get them to participate in the EU because they are actually making money. Even though they still have huge markets, countries like France and Germany are not near as effective in the modern markets as Ireland relatively speaking. No one wants to open up in those countries because they'd have to pay enormous taxes. And why can't they lower their taxes? Because being a socialist country requires that you spend every penny you have on cradle to grave insurance and permanent job insurance and other such ridiculous measures. Ireland is no longer hemorraging their younger generations like they have been in the past either, and why? Because Ireland has become an economic hot bed and not solely due to the subsidies, but mainly through the influx of big companies wanting to be there for the low tax burdens. You think if we cancelled the debt to Africa, that would end the Brain Drain? No. The debt would just run back up and people would still be leaving but that is not the case in Ireland.
Capitolism sucks, unfortunately people are blindly patriotic and far too ignorant to know this.  Capitolism means that the rich are so rich that they have more money than they no what to do with and the poor are so poor they have to sell drugs just to stay alive!   Socialism Pros:  -Reduces crime -Shortens gap between rich and the poor(poor still poor, rich still rich) -I could go on  People say Socialism will never work, but they fail to relize that it works for EUROPE! Europe has a superior form of government and Americans need to relize this. That way we can improve ours. In our government, the poor families often stay poor because poor areas have cr@ppy schools. This leads to more poor people. If you grew up in a poor family, its hard to get out of that, unless you are very smart. In a Socialism, the poor get better education, healthcare. Whats so great about Socialism is that everybody helps eachother:). In Capitolism, people only think about themselves.
thanks calli for giving me a whole five hours to reply before you say i'm too scared to debate. i dont sit at my computer all day.  ok guys, i posted this in another forum in the past so if you've read this before, i apologize. but i think that it is so true and i want to hear your comments on it:  i took economics last semester and learned about something called utility theory. the greater a person's income, the smaller is the marginal benefit of a dollar. the millionth dollar spent by a rich person brings a smaller marginal benefit to that person than the marginal benefit of the thousandth dollar spent by a poorer person. so by transferring a dollar from the millionaire to the poorer person, more is gained than is lost and the two people added together are better off.   american, i really respect you as a debater because you really know what you are talking about. you are very knowledgable about the subjects we discuss and make valid points. even though we disagree on a lot of stuff, i really respect you. calli, you seriously have no idea what you are talking about. like ever. nobody can ever have an intelligent debate with you. i'm sorry, but thats how it is.
american, you a great guy who is willing to share his money with the poor. but like dsa said, not everyone is like that.  broker, do you have any idea how incredibly selfish you sound? "its not your money, its OUR money" our money our money our money. you probably have a shrine in your house where you worship your money. not all of us are like you broker. some of us believe in sharing our wealth with the less fortunate.
i'm am in college for four years to earn my teaching degree. i'm going to work hard and i'm barely going to be able to afford a house at all. i'm going to have to buy a used car at carmax. and you arent going to stop me.   listen broker, all i am saying is that we should get paid based on how much work we put into it. if you sit on ur butt, then you're not going to get paid as much. we will help you out and stuff, but you still wont make as much. teachers should not earn less than businessmen, they work just as hard if not harder. maybe i differ from some socialists when i say this, but i think you should get paid according to how much work and effort you put into something. as for everyone else, we can certainly help them out (free health care) but they wont make as much as the harder workers.
kelvin this is for you,  What does a strong capitalist government do with people like Falling?  Re-education by the Department of Big Business? Concentratlion camps? Oh what the h*ll, there won't be very many people like Falling after we brainwash them and tell them that socialism is bad, just shoot them and burry them in a secret ditch. No one will miss them.   Kelvin is that your vision of social justice?    by the way, i know what your response is going to be. you are going to say that capitalists have never committed these crimes. but have you ever heard of the Red Scare or the McCarthy Trials? these were all capitalist ways to silence and "re-educate" socialists. for the last century, public schools have preached against socialism and have brainwashed our youth. you guys have already done the same exact thing that you accuse socialists of doing.
"always with the spending complaints from some teachers..." broker, if businessmen were only getting paid 35,000 a year dont you think they would complain too? TEACHERS HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO COMPLAIN. i know what i'm getting myself into. i'm never going to make much money. but at the same time, i would like to make enough to at least support a family off my income. what is wrong with that???  schools have been preaching against socialism and communism since the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917. it is a fact. all of my economics classes are very hardcore capitalist. they all say that we should abolish the minimum wage, not save money (because that means we arent spending it), and abolish all taxes. our schools are very right-wing.  once again i ask you about the Red Scare and the McCarthy Trials. these are just a few examples of capitalists persecuting socialists and communists for their ideas. capitalists are trying to "re-educate" these radicals on a daily basis in our schools. look around you!! there are corporations everywhere. our schools all say that anything other than capitalism is evil. THEY are the ones trying to "re-educate" those who think differently. was it Jesus who said "dont try to remove the speck in your neighbor's eye when you have a plank in your own eye."? or something like that. anyway, you get my point.
if we have every right to complain about our salaries, then stop trying to censor us. another example of capitalists trying to "re-educate" and censor our teachers is the fact that teacher unions are outlawed. that is ridiculous. basketball and football players even have unions and collective bargaining groups. but teachers cannot.  broker, you are not a true capitalist. i can also tell that you are very young and have not been in school long enough to know what higher level classes teach. you are not enrolled in a unversity are you? well i am, so i should know what they teach. the economics textbook that we are assigned is 100% capitalist. the two separate economics teachers that i have had went supported what the book said 100%. THIS IS WHAT HIGHER LEVEL ECONOMICS CLASSES ARE TELLING OUR YOUNG PEOPLE TODAY:  1. Abolish all taxes. why? because taxes are an inefficient use of resources and take money from businesses.  2. Abolish the minimum wage. why? because unemployment will decrease and businesses will make more profit.  3. Dont save money. why? because if you save money, then that is an inefficient use of resources as well. you should be spending all of your money so that it goes to businesses and the economy.  4. Abolish all tariffs. why? because then corporations can move their factories overseas (and as a result have high unemployment in manufacturing sections of the country).  i will give you my source for this information. it is from Michael Parkin's Economics (Fifth Edition). how much more evidence do you need broker?  minimum wage is a socialist idea. taxes are a socialist idea. got it?  what do i have against corporations? well if you ever become an entreprenuer someday, you will have something against them too. corporations have taken over our country and as a result, small businesses (both sole proprietorships and partnerships) are very very unlikely to ever be successful. i dont have a problem with small business at all. in fact, i really like small business. but corporations drown all of these small businesses out. corporations also go into foreign countries and spread western culture, at the expense of that country's own unique culture. small businesses are good, corporations are not.
no, i would not win because our country believes that capitalism is supreme and they are trying to "re-educate" anyone who believes differently.   a better example would be if i sued my church because they used only the Bible for instruction. you see broker, the church believes that the Bible is supreme. in the same way, our country believes capitalism is supreme.    the united states absolutely hates people like me...and i love it:)
american, i will get back to you later tonite. i'm kinda in a rush right now and i want to spend a long time making that post.  broker, you say "you cant have an economics class where one system is taught as being best..." blah blah blah. too bad i've had three of them like that. you dont have a clue what you're talking about. you've never taken any high level business courses before (that is if you've never been in college before). so please stop acting like you know everything. thanks.
why do i prefer socialism over capitalism? i would like to break it down into three sections: economic reasons, humanitarian reasons, and religious reasons.  Economic reason: utility theory teaches us that it is more economically efficient if we divide the wealth more equally. one dollar is worth more to a poor person than it is to a rich person, correct? no one can deny that fact. one dollar is not worth as much to a rich person as it is to a poor person. therefore, if we distribute the wealth more equally, we will be using our resources MORE EFFICIENTLY by giving it to those who value them the most.  Humanitarian reason: socialism is clearly more moral than capitalism. have you ever heard of that saying: "money is the root of all evil"? well, money is the foundation of capitalism. that should tell you a lot about capitalism. lets look at this logically: 1. money is the root of all evil 2. money is the foundation of capitalism 3. therefore, capitalism is evil another reason to dislike capitalism from a humanitarian standpoint is the fact that ONE PERCENT OF OUR NATION OWNS HALF OF THE TOTAL WEALTH. how is that moral? how is that ethical? i'm not saying that everyone should get paid the same amount. but the wealth needs to be distributed more equally. you should get paid according to how much work and effort you put into a job. in this case, teachers would make the same amount as most businessmen. also, PURE capitalists believe that the minimum wage should be abolished. this is very very very unethical and immoral.  Religious reason: being a Christian, religion is obviously very important to me and is reason enough to believe that one system is better than the other. this might not be the case for you guys (i dont know if you're a Christian or not). but nonetheless, it is very important to me. Jesus taught over and over again that the rich should share their wealth with the poor. he said this through parables and the beatitudes and many other instances. it is quite clear that Jesus had compassion on the poor. MOST (and notice i did not say all) rich people do not share a lot of their money with the poor, relative to how much they really make. therefore, since the rich are not giving to the poor as much as they should, we need government to redistribute the wealth for them. if the rich gave enough to the poor, then we wouldnt have this problem. but they dont. we need government.
so you agree that equal work should receive equal pay? just to let you know, most corporate executives cringe everytime they hear "radical" ideas like that. i dont deny that most businessmen worked very hard (although some inherited their money). but at the same time, they should not be getting paid millions (or even billions) of dollars for their work, while someone who put just as much effort and sacrifice get paid in dogfood. these include police officers, teachers, firemen, and people in the military. these people have also "sacrificed" and "worked their backsides off for years". yet they are lucky to make one tenth as much as just a common businessman who works for a corporation.  what proof do you have that the number of Joe Blows will skyrocket if we have less government? we had less government in the 19th century and you didnt see rich people giving a lot of money to the poor. if the rich do not obey Christ's commands, then the government should step in. what would God rather see: hardly anyone obeying his commands and little government, or a strong government enforcing his commands? the Bible says that murder and theft are wrong, correct? but we still have the government to ENFORCE these laws. in the same way, we need government to enforce what Christ commanded the wealthy to do, because most of them will not do it on their own.
you say the government cannot afford to start doubling salaries. EXACTLY MY POINT, so we need to tax the rich more so that we can afford to pay those salaries. common businessmen do not need to be multi-billionaires while teachers, police officers, firemen, and soldiers make next to nothing. EQUAL WORK FOR EQUAL PAY. what is wrong with that broker??? are you scared at the prospect of corporations sharing their precious precious money with those in need who work just as hard (if not harder). last time i checked, businessmen were not educating our youth like our teachers do. last time i checked, businessmen were not putting their lives on the line EVERY SINGLE DAY AT WORK like police officers, firemen and soldiers do. broker, you act like anyone who goes to college for four years will automatically become a millionaire because of their hard work. well, you got the hard work part right, but not the millionaire part. the hardest working people in this country make the least money. its been like that for years and years. you are a very very unrealistic person broker. not everyone has the opportunity to be a multi-millionaire but you act like they do. OPEN YOUR EYES AND LOOK AROUND YOU
american, i do realize that in this society you can choose what occupation you wish to take. i have chosen teaching. therefore, i have chosen a career that will never make much money. i realize that. but at the same time, i think it is still wrong for teachers to make so little. i'm going to teach because it is very rewarding on a non-monetary scale and is a huge contribution to society. but it isnt right for teachers to make so little. it just isnt right, dammit. and i'm really ticked about it. we would have so many more teachers out there (and as a result, smaller classrooms) if the government decided to raise salaries. i'm still willing to work for little pay but it just aint fair. (and broker, please do not give me that lame saying that "life isnt fair". just because life isnt fair doesnt mean that we shouldnt strive to make it less unfair.)  i never said that it is the government's job to make everyone perfectly equal. i did say that it is the government's job to look after its citizens and to try to make things less unfair
i dont think we should bail out big business. my hope is that one day those multi-billion dollar corporations will disappear and will be replaced with small business and some government owned industries. i didnt say the government should own everything. but anything not owned by the government should be owned by a small business, not a corporation. corporations are no good.  just like you do not agree 100% with capitalists, i do not agree 100% with socialists. i just lean more towards socialism
the constitution does not mention education because public education was nearly non-existent back in 1789.  so who will pay teachers if the government doesnt? should we abolish public education all-together and only allow the rich to be educated? i'm sure broker would be pleased with that...
you are the one who says public schools are evil. and american questions the authority of the government to pay for teachers. if the government does not pay for teachers, then public educations ceases to exist
thats pretty sick and twisted that you look at poor people and get disgusted.   what about families who cannot afford paying for teachers?? seriously american, you usually make very good points but your idea of having the parents pay teachers is absurd. even broker will tell you that. what about poor families? they cant afford private schooling and they cant afford to pay teachers at public school.  c'mon american, have a little compassion for the less fortunate
american, how do the poor families pay for their education?
so the church should educate us? what about muslims or jews or atheists? they arent allowed to be educated?
broker, if we raise teacher salaries then the number of teachers in the field will automatically increase. and as a result of that, classrooms will be smaller. and as a result of smaller classrooms, you could probably be in a more "advanced" setting and not feel like you're so far ahead of everyone else.  american, if the church ALONE provides for the needy, then there is bound to be discrimination. a starving christian will PROBABLY receive food before a starving muslim. i'm not saying in all cases, but in some. not to mention that the church does not have all that money. churches can barely make enough money to pay for their building, much less provide alot of money to the poor. the government meanwhile is filthy rich and can afford to help the poor.  why are you so OBSESSED with the constitution??? i swear, if the constitution said pigs could fly, you would insist that its true. forget what the constitution says. it was written over two centuries ago. we dont need to be bound by a 214 year old document.
i dont want your hope
i apologize for not giving a XXXX about a 212 year old document. for a guy that believes our country needs reform, this should not come as a surprise
oh no!! broker has threatened to stop loving this country if we help the poor!! we better go back to capitalism!!
pure democracy is IMPOSSIBLE
Except in small groups.  in groups no larger than 100 probably
What about the Haudenosaunee (aka Assembly of Six Nations)?  From all accounts they seem to have been a functional participatory democracy, and they had a population of about 20 000 at one time.
What about the Haudenosaunee (aka Assembly of Six Nations)?  From all accounts they seem to have been a functional participatory democracy, and they had a population of about 20 000 at one time.   every single person had a DIRECT involvement in the making of laws? and i dont mean voting for someone to represent you in government, i mean having everyone represent themselves and making the laws directly. not representative government.
They were absolutely a completely participatory democracy.  The Haudenosaunee Grand Council functioned by consensus of the sachems ("chiefs") of all nations in the confederacy. The sachems made their decisions based on consensus among their people. No person was ever required to follow a "law" they did not agree to, and no "law" was enforced by anything more forceful than public dissaproval.  If you want to call the sachems "representatives", go ahead, but I think you should differenciate in that case between people who function basically as spokespeople, and politicians, who are essentially elected and then do as they please.  There were also other systems of checks-and-balances that allowed for the dismissal of sachems who did not do as their people wished, as well as direct consensus in the case of major decisions, and veto power in the case of proposed warfare.  There was a women's council and women representatives, which had seperate powers and responsibilities.  All members of all clans of all Nations had the power to have a say in the running of their Nation, in all areas, with respect for the fact that certain people had more investment in certain issues.  And yet, they managed to live relatively very peacefully, raise children, feed themselves, live together, trade, for thousands of years.  No cops. No jails. No military. No politicians.  So, obviously, it can be done, and in fact was the norm in America until the 1600s...  edited to add: This is also the system that most Haudenosaunee traditionals propose re-instituting, along with the Great Treaty of Peace. Interference by foreign states such as the US and Canada have outlawed their governmental and other practices, and their sovereignty in general.
I agree with Alan Greenspan and other Libertarians. In the Book Capitalism, by Ayn Rand, Alan concludes that the only way a monopoly can exist is via government action. In fact, I contend that the more regulations there are, fewer companies will compete.  That's not the case. The less laws, the more large combinations will combine reducing competition - and even if they don't combine in a real sense - such as a merger, they will collude to price fix.  Unrestrained capitalism is a beast that will eat itself.
I don?t think that mergers are the biggest culprit in the creation of mega-corporations. I would like to see more evidence. I have given several examples on how laws have helped the big guy over the small guy.   In this thread or others about capitalism there were some examples of how temporary monopolies can benefit the society. I stated a reason in post 11 that explains why collusion in price fixing does not work forever.   I disagree for the same reasons I have been giving all along. There may be some legislation that was passed that has kept corporations small (Anti-trust) but did it really benefit the society?  This could be answered depending on whether you think that competition is good for society. But let's look at your post 11  Speaking of monopolies: Why can?t a monopoly exist? It can if it is created via the government. Patents create monopolies. Patents don't equat to monopolies. You can use your patent to gain money by selling your idea out. It is very difficult for them to exist in a free market. Here is why: Lets say you lower your prices to put the competitor out of business. Lets say you lower them so low that you lose money. You sustain that for some time until you are the only company left doing whatever it is you do. The natural goal of a monopoly is to raise prices. You do so. Soon there is huge profits to be reaped. Others see your profits and want to join in. Capital is shifted into competing with your business. Well, you sold at a loss for years to put your competition out of business. You can?t do this forever. Now you are competing against others that did not carry the years of losses you did in creating your monopoly. Monopolies can be good also. Standard Oil is an example how trust busting can fail the society. It may have set back alternative fuel research. There is no reason to investigate alternative forms of energy if gasoline is so cheap. How can other forms of alternative energy compete? If Rockefeller was allowed to keep his monopoly, and allowed to raise the price of gas, other people would have investigated alternative forms of energy. What do they say ?Gasoline is cheaper than bottled water?? Why switch? That is my opinion.[/quote] No, Standard Oil is the standard example of bad big business. They used price-fixing with the railways etc to put businesses to the wall. That is what rampant capitalism does - allows hard-working small business to be destroyed by companies using foul play.
Patents don't equate to monopolies. You can use your patent to gain money by selling your idea out.  Yes they do. If you get a patent on something, under the law, I can?t sell your idea unless you give me permission. It is the worse kind of monopoly; It is one created and enforced by law. If tou have title to land, that gives you exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. Even if you've got the only house with a particularly stunning view, it's not a 'monopoly' that you own it. It's about property rights you own. Patents protect intellectual property. It is not a 'monopoly'. And thus, it's a very poor analogy.  No, Standard Oil is the standard example of bad big business. They used price-fixing with the railways etc to put businesses to the wall. That is what rampant capitalism does - allows hard-working small business to be destroyed by companies using foul play.  That is the standard textbook answer, but it does not respond to my post. If you were to ask ronound economists of today like Nobel Prize winner Milton Freedman or Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan (from the book Capitalism) they would disagree with this standard textbook answer.  Really. Have you got any quotes from them endorsing monopolies? Here is some interesting information concerning anti-trust laws. Remember when IBM was sued under anti-trust laws. Their ?monopoly? did not last forever. The same will happen with Microsoft. By the time a anti-trust suit is completed their market share will have fallen because of Linux.  http://www.capitalism.org/faq/antitrust.htm  That's because their monopolies were broken by government. You should be applauding IBM and condeming the breaking up of their stranglehold. Your example disproves your point about government. Writes Dominick Armentano [professor of economics at the University of Hartford], The little-known truth is that when the government took Standard Oil to court in 1907, Standard Oil's market share had been declining for a decade. Far from being a "monopoly," Standard's share of petroleum refining was approximately 64% at the time of trial. Moreover, there were at least 147 other domestic oil-refining competitors in the market ? and some of these were large, vertically integrated firms such as Texaco, Gulf Oil, and Sun. Kerosene outputs had expanded enormously (contrary to usual monopolistic conduct); and prices for kerosene had fallen from more than $2 per gallon in the early 1860s to approximately six cents per gallon at the time of the trial. So much for the myth of the Standard Oil "monopoly." Standard Oil had already been subject to anti-trust laws prior to this. If it weren't for those laws they would have been in a position to continue their gain on markets. ?Don't the antitrust laws stop monopolistic practices? Absolutely not. Harmful monopolies from the old AT&T monopoly (created by government regulations), to the U.S. Post Office monopoly were created by the state. The U.S. Post Office, for example, maintains its monopoly on the lucrative first class mail market by having the state outlaw its competition. I can't tell if you're for it or aginst it.  Take for example Judge Learned Hand's indictment of ALCOA. What 'crimes' was ALCOA punished for? To quote Hand: "It was not inevitable that it should always anticipate increases in the demand for ingot and be prepared to supply them. Nothing compelled it to keep doubling and redoubling its capacity before others entered the field. It insists that it never excluded competitors; but we can think of no more effective exclusion than progressively to embrace each new opportunity as it opened, and to face every new- comer with new capacity already geared into a great organization, having the advantage of experience, trade connections and the elite of personnel." [Alan Greenspan, "Antitrust" published in Ayn Rand's Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal]  In other words ALCOA was being punished for being too good a company, too competent in its management, in other words Alcoa's crime is that it is too competitive. And would not being 'too competitive' lead to a monopoly? (if not for govenment action)  HERE IS ANOTHER GREAT ARTICLE: http://www.nathanielbranden.net/ess/ton01.html A reader asks:  In a society of laissez-faire capitalism, what would prevent the formation of powerful monopolies able to gain control over the entire economy?  Nathaniel Branden responds:  One of the worst fallacies in the field of economics ? propagated by Karl Marx and accepted by almost everyone today, including many businessmen ? is that the development of monopolies is an inescapable and intrinsic result of the operation of a free, unregulated economy. In fact, the exact opposite is true. It is a free market that makes monopolies impossible?. How so? You can have laws that enable markets to be free of monopolies
 If you have title to land, that gives you exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. Even if you've got the only house with a particularly stunning view, it's not a 'monopoly' that you own it. It's about property rights you own. Patents protect intellectual property. It is not a 'monopoly'. And thus, it's a very poor analogy.   Intellectual property is not real property IMHO. By owning a piece of property you do have a quasi-monopoly of its use. Others need your permission to use it.  All of your property should be protected. If you wrote an original work; screen-play, novel, musical piece, these too are protected - by copyright, which offers protections as patents do. Therefore the analogy between a patent and a monopoly has failed.  Really. Have you got any quotes from them endorsing monopolies?  I admit I was surprised when I read the book Capitalism. He goes into depth in that book about Anti-trusts. Here is a quote from Greenspan: http://www.rense.com/political/greenspanmono.htm  Interesting reading. I particularly liked... "However, antitrust experts noted that, for example, aluminium giant Alcoa, was a monopoly for 50 years before antitrust action in the 1940s and Standard Oil held a 90 percent share of the market for 25 years before its break-up in 1911." Ibid It shows that Standard Oil had a bigger share than what you stated earlier. The government should not interfere with monopolies that maintain dominance through cost efficiencies and low prices, the Fed chief said in testimony to a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the current wave of corporate mergers.  Do such monopolies exist? "By the measure of what benefits consumers, such enterprises should not be discouraged," Greenspan said. What would compel a monopoly to have low prices? I would suggest - regulation of prices. I believe Greenspan is against regulation that prevents a monopoly as long as the economic benefits to consumers are maintained - this could be done through laws. He doesn't say. And the key to this is found in this paragraph... "Federal Trade Commission Chairman Robert Pitofsky said Greenspan was advocating letting all mergers proceed and then wait and see if action was necessary. "I don't agree with that," Pitofsky said." Ibid. In other words he's not pro-monopoly in an absolute sense. He would prefer to let monopolies remain so long as they behaved in a way beneficial to consumers. There is not way to maintain this without regulation. That's because their monopolies were broken by government. You should be applauding IBM and condemning the breaking up of their stranglehold. Your example disproves your point about government. The suit against IBM was dropped after more than a decade in court. It became apparent IBM did not have a monopoly. Okay, if they didn't have a monopoly, then they are irrelevant as an example to this debate. Standard Oil had already been subject to anti-trust laws prior to this. If it weren't for those laws they would have been in a position to continue their gain on markets.  Read that post again. Standard continued to lose market share even before the suit was settled. See your own site above - they had a 90% share I can't tell if you're for it or against it. I am against the post offices monopoly on first class mail.  I thought you were pro-monopoly And would not being 'too competitive' lead to a monopoly? (if not for government action) What do you suggest, to not be competitive? Monopolies do not last forever, unless created by government action. Okay, that answers the above thing about the post office. It doesn't explain Standard Oil, which as suggested already had 90% share  Some monopolies would exist naturally, I realise. Such might be with regards a water-sewerage board. Unless you can imagine having competing sets of toilets in peoples homes and you choose the one providing the better service :) However in this country, they are run by the government and prices are controlled.
All of your property should be protected. If you wrote an original work; screen-play, novel, musical piece, these too are protected - by copyright, which offers protections as patents do. Therefore the analogy between a patent and a monopoly has failed.  No. Your belief that intellectual property is real property has failed. The paper the screenplay was written on was real, but nobody can prove that what was written was original. Hang on. I never said intellectual property was real property. If we're dealing with legal definitions then real property doesn't refer to things that are 'really' property, but property that is 'real' in the sense that it is material, and in general refers to land, buildings etc. as opposed to property that is an 'idea', which is intellectual property.  Property Any thing that is possessed or owned. http://www.legal-dictionary.org/ld.asp?q=property This includes... real property n. 1) all land, structures, firmly attached and integrated equipment (such as light fixtures or a well pump), anything growing on the land, and all "interests" in the property, which may include the right to future ownership (remainder), right to occupy for a period of time (tenancy or life estate), the right to drill for oil, the right to get the property back (a reversion) if it is no longer used for its current purpose (such as use for a hospital, school or city hall), use of airspace (condominium) or an easement across another's property. Real property should be thought of as a group of rights like a bundle of sticks which can be divided. It is distinguished from personal property which is made up of movable items. 2) one of the principal areas of law like contracts, negligence, probate, family law and criminal law. See also: condominium easement life estate personal property real estate reversion http://dictionary.law.com/definition2.asp?selected=1727&bold=|||| You said a patent is like a monopoly. That is the analogy you made. A patent is to protect intellectual property. I said that other forms of property are protected and gave examples of real and other intellectual property. You had no problem with that. THEREFORE you analogy has failed. As to proving if something is original - it can be done to the satisfaction of the courts - there is a whole line of law on intellectual property. Your assertion that it can't be done is wrong. You can do this at http://www.mediaregister.com/examples/ We have been contacted by patent attorneys before. The latest was by Black and Decker. They told us we violated their trademark by selling orange colored drills (like DeWalt). Amazon has patented the one click check out but they really didn?t invent it. They just made it to the patent office first. And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn. Here is a suit made over 'decor' In 1987, Taco Cabana, a chain of Mexican restaurants in Houston, Texas, brought suit against Two Pesos, a rival chain, claiming that Two Pesos had deliberately copied Taco Cabana's dcor.  http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/property99/history.html For someone who doesn't like government I see that you would also reject protection for property too. Interesting reading. I particularly liked... "However, antitrust experts noted that, for example, aluminium giant Alcoa, was a monopoly for 50 years before antitrust action in the 1940s and Standard Oil held a 90 percent share of the market for 25 years before its break-up in 1911."  The first article spoke of refining and this one speaks of market share (maybe share of the final product, with some purchased from other refiners ? maybe because Standards marketing was better for other refiners ? they could get more money using Standard). Evidently, other companies refined petroleum. This does not prove a monopoly will last forever. It is your assertion that a monopoly will not last forever, except with government control. It is your assertion that Standard Oil was not a monopoly, and with 90% of the market, I fail to see then what you would in fact call a monopoly. What would compel a monopoly to have low prices? I would suggest - regulation of prices. I believe Greenspan is against regulation that prevents a monopoly as long as the economic benefits to consumers are maintained - this could be done through laws. He doesn't say. And the key to this is found in this paragraph... "Federal Trade Commission Chairman Robert Pitofsky said Greenspan was advocating letting all mergers proceed and then wait and see if action was necessary. "I don't agree with that," Pitofsky said." Ibid. In other words he's not pro-monopoly in an absolute sense. He would prefer to let monopolies remain so long as they behaved in a way beneficial to consumers. There is not way to maintain this without regulation.  What would compel a monopoly to have lower prices? Competition. Like I said before, when a monopoly raises its price others jump in. Your kidding! How can you have a monopoly, and real competition? A monopoly would, by virtue of its market share be able to under-cut any new competitor, and can more easily off-set losses. This is what Standard Oil did. They had a large market share over a large area. If a competitor arose in one area Standard would use their over-all profits to re-structure prices in the area where the competition was, to under-cut them. That competitor would go bust, and Standard Oil would raise their prices in that area again, to match those of their over-all products.  As per Greenspan, this is what he said: The Sherman Act may be understandable when viewed as a projection of the nineteenth century's fear and economic ignorance. But it is utter nonsense in the context of today's economic knowledge. The seventy additional years of observing industrial development should have taught us something. If the attempts to justify our antitrust statutes on historical grounds are erroneous and rest on a misinterpretation of history, the attempts to justify them on theoretical grounds come from a still more fundamental misconception. Sure, and as your article said that his ideas are rejected because it's easier to stop a monopoly from forming, than to disband it after it has formed. Okay, if they didn't have a monopoly, then they are irrelevant as an example to this debate.  Actually they did have a monopoly. The point is that monopolies don?t last forever. What stopped it lasting? I thought you were pro-monopoly  LOL, no. I am against Anti-trust laws. Really, so you'd welcome laws against monopolies in other forms, other than anti-trust laws? Some monopolies would exist naturally, I realise. Such might be with regards a water-sewerage board. Unless you can imagine having competing sets of toilets in peoples homes and you choose the one providing the better service However in this country, they are run by the government and prices are controlled.  Monopolies for an extended time are not natural. The monopolies you describe are created by the government. As per your example of the toilet, I agree. On the other had I would allow multiple cable TV companies to compete. It is easier to lay down new cables, than sewerage and water pipes... at least at present levels of technology. I can't imagine that the bathrooms of the future would have multiple taps from different companies. Or, you change your contract from Fox Sewerage to Bell, and someone comes out and installs a new toilet, with a pay-by-use application.
First off, I didn?t say a patent is like a monopoly, I said it creates a monopoly. Therefore my analogy did not fail. You brought up real property in one of your posts and I agree it is not real property. Saying something is alike something else is to make it an analogy. You said that a patent (a form of protection over property) creates a monopoly. I stated that other forms of property protection would also therefore be 'monopolies' as with an example from real property where-by regardless of how much I might like the view from your land I can't use it without your permission. Hence an extension of your analogy - equating patents with monopolies, shows the flaw in your logic. It remains your analogy. I simply extended it to show other forms of property - including other forms of intellectual property - such as a screen-play. And you disputed that a screen-play could be shown to be original. This interpretation would have fundamental consequences (were it to be adapted) to property law. Your analogy failed because the ownership of a property DOES give the owner a monopoly for the use of THAT property. No one else can build on it or even walk on it without the owner?s permission.  Your argument is all over the place. You asked why can't monopolies exist because patents are alike monopolies. You said 'patents create monopolies. It is not about creating a 'monopoly' it is about protecting property. They are different things. If I own something, I have exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. A monopoly is where we are in competition and you drive me and competitors out of business. [quote=Montalban]And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn.  If there is a such thing, why does the protection stop after a time? This ?intellectual property? is not the same as property, real or otherwise. You question whether intellectual property exists? It is really property. It is a field of law. Studied at Berkley http://www.law.berkeley.edu/institutes/bclt/courses/fall02/ipintro.html and at Columbus http://faculty.cua.edu/fischer/Intro%20To%20IP%202003/IP%20Home.htm In part regulated by Copyright http://www.copyright.gov/ legislated around the world http://www.worldlii.org/catalog/2296.html It is most strange that you don't 'believe' that it exists. It is just as real, in law as any other form of property, though it is not 'real property'.  And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn. Here is a suit made over 'decor' In 1987, Taco Cabana, a chain of Mexican restaurants in Houston, Texas, brought suit against Two Pesos, a rival chain, claiming that Two Pesos had deliberately copied Taco Cabana's dcor.  http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/property99/history.html For someone who doesn't like government I see that you would also reject protection for property too.  Are you an attorney? Attorneys just love this stuff. I can see these two taco companies in court suing the other. The one with the most money will likely win. I work with legal practitioners. I studied law very briefly in a formal sense(I have a habit of this - not completing studies; having attended at least six different universities), and for much longer in an informal sense (I have lots of time on my hands). However, it would suggest that if solicitors, barristers and other legal practitioners are all dealing with it, and you don't think it exists, this would seem that one of you is wrong. I do respect property, I just don?t define it as you do. I don?t consider words on a paper or a color as being property. I don't define property. I give you definitions found in law. You define things not according to law, but your sense of injustice towards money-grubbing legal workers. As to proving if something is original - it can be done to the satisfaction of the courts - there is a whole line of law on intellectual property. Your assertion that it can't be done is wrong. You can do this at http://www.mediaregister.com/examples/   Again, attorneys just love it. Regardless, your assertion that it can't be defined as being original is wrong. It is fortunate too, because if not for this many hard working artists; screen-writers, musicians etc would have their efforts come to nothing, because people who don't believe their work is original would feel free to take it for themselves. It is one thing to argue that what they are doing is self-serving, money grubbing etc, and a totally different argument that the rights of intellectual property don't exist. It is your assertion that a monopoly will not last forever, except with government control. It is your assertion that Standard Oil was not a monopoly, and with 90% of the market, I fail to see then what you would in fact call a monopoly.  I would call the Postal First Class Mail a monopoly. Yes but this is not a natural monopoly. It is helped into existence by government. It is your assertion that a monopoly without government control would not last long/forever or some lengthy time-frame. I mean if you want to deal in absolutes, I agree as nothing but God lasts forever. Standard Oil had a monopoly, but again I say, it would not last forever. In fact, if Standard would have been allowed to continue and raise the price of gas, we may be using alternative forms of fuel today. In other words, I believe that Standard Oil may still be around today, but they would not have a monopoly on energy. How do you prove this? It's not like saying "If not for settlers, the Dodo would still be around". Your kidding! How can you have a monopoly, and real competition?  Let me say it one more time: If a company raises it?s price other competitors will compete. I stated this in a post prior to this Yes, I know you said this. But, as shown with Standard Oil the larger company was easily able to destroy the competition (recall they had 90% share), by shifting costs around their company. What stopped it lasting?  Dell Computer and Microsoft.  I'm not sure that Microsoft is a competitor of IBM. Really, so you'd welcome laws against monopolies in other forms, other than anti-trust laws?  I didn?t say that. That's why I posed this as a question. You said you aren't anti-monopoly, but anti-trust laws. Just because I don?t like something does not mean I think it should be outlawed. But you don't like intellectual property and consign it to non-existence. Besides, monopolies don?t last forever and sometimes they can benefit society (see my other posts). Monopolies are part of the natural capitalist cycle that benefits everyone. I know the last statement is shocking, I agree that monopolies are a product of unrestrained capitalism, which is why I'm not in favour of unrestrained capitalism. It is a system that defeats itself, by destroying competition. and I would not have said this 15 years ago. I have retained my left-leaning feelings (at least as far as economics go) It is easier to lay down new cables, than sewerage and water pipes... at least at present levels of technology. I can't imagine that the bathrooms of the future would have multiple taps from different companies. Or, you change your contract from Fox Sewerage to Bell, and someone comes out and installs a new toilet, with a pay-by-use application.  LOL, that was a good one. Hey, we agree on something here. Note: These are local city or county regulations unlike national patent or copyright laws  The only difference is which tier of government these laws live in. They are still guided by laws and regulations.  I think though that your proposition that monopolies, if left to themselves will cease to remain long in being is untested.  There's a very good link site for intellectual property at... http://www.iaswww.com/ODP/Society/Law/Legal_Information/Intellectual_Property
Saying something is alike something else is to make it an analogy. You said that a patent (a form of protection over property) creates a monopoly. I stated that other forms of property protection would also therefore be 'monopolies' as with an example from real property where-by regardless of how much I might like the view from your land I can't use it without your permission. Hence an extension of your analogy - equating patents with monopolies, shows the flaw in your logic. It remains your analogy. I simply extended it to show other forms of property - including other forms of intellectual property - such as a screen-play. And you disputed that a screen-play could be shown to be original. This interpretation would have fundamental consequences (were it to be adapted) to property law. Here is where you are wrong: I don?t believe patents should be protected because I don?t consider ideas property. This nullifies the rest of the first paragraph.  I am not wrong. Just because you offer an opinion that ideas aren't property doesn't negate the consensus of law-making bodies the world over that such things are property, and therefore should be protected. It is odd way to say 'no it isn't' and insist then that that rebuttal has destroyed my argument. I cited many a law sites that deal with it. If you want to actually offer why you feel it should not be protected, please do so. You've had several days to offer this, but the best offered is your repeating of a previously stated opinion. If you are against monopolies, then why should some one be able to monopolize their property? Shouldn?t anyone be able to build on it? This does not seem consistent. Here is where I am consistent: I believe the government should protect our property rights, but I don?t consider words on paper property. Yes, I know you don't. I don't know 'why' you don't other than 'just because'. Your argument is all over the place. You asked why can't monopolies exist because patents are alike monopolies. You said 'patents create monopolies. It is not about creating a 'monopoly' it is about protecting property. That is your opinion. Why is it not protected like property forever? Why? That is because it has been legislated like that. Even property has protection that is not absolute. Property can be acquired by the government for the 'national interest'. There are rules that allow police to enter your property, even should you not want them there - such as when they have probable cause. What rights are defined, or rather, how they defined is really a matter for government. That they are defined in different ways still does not negate that they offer protection. They are different things. If I own something, I have exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. A monopoly is where we are in competition and you drive me and competitors out of business.  Just because someone drives someone out of business does not make that person a monopoly. Even if a person were to drive EVERYONE out of that business, does not mean the monopoly will be permanent. These are two different statements. If someone drove every competitor out of business, and their own business continued, that is a monopoly, because it is so defined. That a monopoly, un-hampered by government regulations (including regulations towards would-be competitors) would or would not last forever is the heart of your argument. You assume that it wouldn't based on an as yet ill-defined reason. It's not been tested - as far as I know. You've certainly offered no evidence of known cases. But then it's a very difficult proposition for you to prove. You question whether intellectual property exists? It is really property. It is a field of law. Studied at Berkley http://www.law.berkeley.edu/institu...02/ipintro.html and at Columbus http://faculty.cua.edu/fischer/Intr...3/IP%20Home.htm In part regulated by Copyright http://www.copyright.gov/ legislated around the world http://www.worldlii.org/catalog/2296.html It is most strange that you don't 'believe' that it exists.  I agree that is what the law says. The whole point to this discussion is that I don?t believe the law should say this. Yes, again I know you don't. Why? If I write a book, why should I not be able to prevent you making a movie from it without proper compensation to me? I would equally be intrigued to learn if you pirate movies and music - why, or why not? You certainly argue a case that can be construed as being pro-product piracy. I work with legal practitioners. I studied law very briefly in a formal sense(I have a habit of this - not completing studies; having attended at least six different universities), and for much longer in an informal sense (I have lots of time on my hands). However, it would suggest that if solicitors, barristers and other legal practitioners are all dealing with it, and you don't think it exists, this would seem that one of you is wrong.  The people that may be wrong are the ones with a vested interest in it.  Yes, the people who's rights are protected have a vested interest. You have a vested interest in your own property being protected. I have taken some Business Law Classes. I have also taken some RE Law classes. Cool. You probably have more formal qualifications than I do; in regards to law. I don't define property. I give you definitions found in law. You define things not according to law, but your sense of injustice towards money-grubbing legal workers.  Again, it is the law I question. Good. But why? Also, you would need to tie this back into your 'monopolies' argument as we're both guilty of being side-tracked  Regardless, your assertion that it can't be defined as being original is wrong. It is fortunate too, because if not for this many hard working artists; screen-writers, musicians etc would have their efforts come to nothing, because people who don't believe their work is original would feel free to take it for themselves. It is one thing to argue that what they are doing is self-serving, money grubbing etc, and a totally different argument that the rights of intellectual property don't exist.  Monty, that is the best argument for patents, copyrights and trademarks. I was wondering when you would bring that up. Let me ask you a question: Recently pharmaceutical companies have been wanting to extend the length of a patent from 17 to 20 years. They claim that it would bring down the price of drugs. What do you think? I would rather see a five year patent that raising it to 20 or 50 years. I have no opinion on the actual length of a patent. I have stated that property should be protected, but have also given examples where this is not an absolute right. A case in South Africa was finished recently where people sought to have vital AIDS-fighting drugs manufactured without recourse to patented laws - because the drugs were deemed to be needed right away. I can certainly see that this justifies a waiving of patent protection. Does this mean I want all patent laws removed? No. (see http://www.cnn.com/2001/WORLD/africa/04/19/safrica.drugs/) How do you prove this? It's not like saying "If not for settlers, the Dodo would still be around".  This is what can be proved: Some hundred years or so after the break-up of Standard Oil, we are still driving to the supermarket using petroleum products. It would be likely that if gas prices were higher, alternative forms of energy would be used. This argument makes no sense. Of course we are still using oil. But how does that relate to your idea about a monopoly not lasting? Dependence on a product distributed by several organisations doesn't seem to prove anything about your case. In fact, it's just reminded me of a near-monopoly that has lasted some time; OPEC. Though I don't know how to work this into an argument, yet :) as I've got to research their status. I'm not sure that Microsoft is a competitor of IBM.  IBM basically had sales people that helped train employees how to use their equipment. It was quite an operation. With Windows you could train a monkey to use a computer.  Sure, but IBM use Microsoft. They aren't in competition. It's like saying that every Ford car gets Goodyear tyres (that's spelled tires in the USA :)). This doesn't make them competitors. It would if Ford made tyres, or Goodyear made cars. I agree that monopolies are a product of unrestrained capitalism, which is why I'm not in favour of unrestrained capitalism. It is a system that defeats itself, by destroying competition. You missed my point: Sometimes innovation can ONLY occur only if prices are increased because of a monopoly. If you try to keep prices permanently down with laws and regulation, we may not see the INNOVATION. Why innovate? Why? To increase profits. I have retained my left-leaning feelings (at least as far as economics go)  I am far to the left with regards to personal freedom. We have something in common. Cool. I am, however exceptionally conservative on moral issues -though too often breaking my own rules. The only difference is which tier of government these laws live in. They are still guided by laws and regulations.  I prefer the local level. In Australia we are more a centralised government. For instance police aren't at local level, but state and federal. I believe you have local school boards, we don't. In fact, all local governments could be swept out of existence at the whim of a state government. State governments can change local council borders, suspend councils etc. The only reason that they don't do so all the time is because people like their councils (in general) and would tend to punish such a government at the electoral box. I think though that your proposition that monopolies, if left to themselves will cease to remain long in being is untested.  We will never know because they are broken apart. That is why I brought the IBM example up: Before the suit was settled it became apparent they did not have a monopoly. The suit was just dropped. I think in general the concentration of power is a bad thing - even for a short while (perhaps in times of war, it might be necessary), and economic power is no exception.  There's a very good link site for intellectual property at... http://www.iaswww.com/ODP/Society/L...ectual_Property  Thanks for the discussion Monty. I am afraid this could go on forever. If you want to cut the discussion shorter just answer this one question: If copyrights etc are property, then why shouldn?t people be allowed to keep them forever, or do you advocate that? You've caught me on the hop! I believe in property protection, but I've not ever thought about how long it should be protected for - it's something I've never thought about. That's what I'll do. If I remember, I'll ask some people at work. A lady I worked with has actually specialised in intellectual property, but she's not responded to my e-mails for some months. I guess I'll see what happens. Also, thanks for keeping the discussion civil. It is a pleasure. Most people wouldn't think so, but it is what I aim to do - exchange ideas. I tend though to fight fire with fire, and you've not been insulting. Your post has now prompted me into thinking about something I've never really considered.
I am not wrong. Just because you offer an opinion that ideas aren't property doesn't negate the consensus of law-making bodies the world over that such things are property, and therefore should be protected. It is odd way to say 'no it isn't' and insist then that that rebuttal has destroyed my argument. I cited many a law sites that deal with it. If you want to actually offer why you feel it should not be protected, please do so. You've had several days to offer this, but the best offered is your repeating of a previously stated opinion.  Just because there is a law, does not mean I support it.  No one says you must. But I would like to know why you support one lot of property laws, and not another, and the following doesn't answer it...  You ask why I don?t think there should not be patent laws: This law has the effect raising the cost of goods.  This then would be across the board, regardless of the property in question. But you're not against laws of real and personal property. These are two different statements. If someone drove every competitor out of business, and their own business continued, that is a monopoly, because it is so defined. That a monopoly, un-hampered by government regulations (including regulations towards would-be competitors) would or would not last forever is the heart of your argument. You assume that it wouldn't based on an as yet ill-defined reason. It's not been tested - as far as I know. You've certainly offered no evidence of known cases.  Why drop Anti-trust cases then (Like IBM)? I don't know why your government did. It is not uncommon in the application of laws that prosecutors drop cases - this doesn't mean that they believe the parties are innocent - often they do so for reasons of resources. Yes, the people who's rights are protected have a vested interest. You have a vested interest in your own property being protected. That right is only as good as the money you have to protect it. This statement is rather troubling. Does this mean that you don't support laws that protect real property? Sure, but IBM use Microsoft. They aren't in competition. I didn?t say MS was a competitor.  I'm sorry, you have me confused. You say that the monopoly of IBM was stopped by a non-competitor? In Australia we are more a centralised government. For instance police aren't at local level, but state and federal. I believe you have local school boards, we don't. In fact, all local governments could be swept out of existence at the whim of a state government. State governments can change local council borders, suspend councils etc. The only reason that they don't do so all the time is because people like their councils (in general) and would tend to punish such a government at the electoral box. I think in general the concentration of power is a bad thing - even for a short while (perhaps in times of war, it might be necessary), and economic power is no exception.  All systems made by man have faults. That is why I like power given to local authorities. One sweeping law for the whole state or country is not always best. [quote=Montalban]You've caught me on the hop! I believe in property protection, but I've not ever thought about how long it should be protected for - it's something I've never thought about. That's what I'll do. If I remember, I'll ask some people at work. A lady I worked with has actually specialised in intellectual property, but she's not responded to my e-mails for some months. I guess I'll see what happens. Most people wouldn't think so, but it is what I aim to do - exchange ideas. I tend though to fight fire with fire, and you've not been insulting. Your post has now prompted me into thinking about something I've never really considered.  You are an incredibly nice person. It's nice to hear that. You should see what people say on the evolution thread regarding peppered moths... post 29 Montalban is a liar on two counts and Montalban is a liar I do have an analogy for the length of property rights. I guess you could consider it a lease. People lease a right to a patent etc. Let me explain my position of patents etc.:  Right now many people in the US are complaining about the high cost of prescription drugs. The drug companies have a patent on their products, and can charge whatever they want. Of course, the best argument for patents is the reason you gave: Why research new drugs if someone can just copy it?   I contend these researchers would continue to work, but make less money (I doubt they would all become greeters at Wal-Mart). They would have to change the way they distribute drugs. The same goes for movies. The movie stars would be paid far less and distribution may change.  Going back to pharmaceutical drugs: In the US many advocate the government picking up the cost of the drugs. That is the last thing I want to see happen. Others advocate price controls. If you advocate price controls, why even offer a patent on the product?   What is happening here? IMHO, we tinkered with the free market by allowing patents. Now we blame the free market for the high cost of goods.   IMHO, all laws hurt poor people. The patent laws drive up the price of goods, because those with the patent can charge what they want. The free market is not functioning.  We discussed two items here Monty: One was Anti-Trust Laws, and the other was Patent Laws. Can you tell I don?t favor many laws? I understand with regards to patents, too. I posted earlier about the fight South Africa had to get cheaper anti-AIDS drugs.
Your link goes to "Against intellectual property" by Brian Martin. It in turn has a link to another site, which ironically states "Electronic copies are provided for individual use for private study or research. To reproduce these publications, permission should be sought unless stated otherwise. Links are welcome." http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/ Obviously he's concerned about protecting what he's written; protecting his intellectual property. You need to seek his permission to use his intellectual property; even when he's arguing against intellectual property.  In fairness to him, though, another link leads to a list of publications he's made: http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/books.html  And many of these are available in e-form. BUT NOT ALL You have to purchase Random Selection in Politics http://info.greenwood.com/books/0275967/0275967026.html The Whistleblower's Handbook : How to Be an Effective Resister  http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/99wh.html and others.
Communism will save the world from capitalist/fascist people who divide it with capital, communism unites everything to work for a common goal, and destroy private property the chains of labor. The sun of capitalism is setting. The sun of socialism is rising! Workers of the world unite!
So what if I am a communist, there is only 1 communist prty(RCP) in the united states,2 others claim to be(cpusa is social-democrat,plp is stalinist-socialism), but there are 2 nazi parties(anp,lnsgp) and 3 fascist parties, and the anp has killed communists, and no arrests even though police knew it,the cpusa used to be more communist in the 30's and got 4th place for presidency,the palmer raids in 1919 arrested thousands of communists, most exiled or executed. the reason we're targeted is because most in the gov' are rich&powerful a bad combination, and when someone doesn't like them(hurts their profits)they arrest them, most commies were arrested for thinking revolutionary thoughts, the usa was born from a revolution, and revolutions need the support of the people to last, so its democratic,and not all revolts are violent,also the south african communist party help ended the apartheid movement, also the rich use nationalism,sexism,racism,and other discriminations to divide the workers so they don't focuse on their real enemy:the rich, so communists are arrested, on the charge of helping the world
Judging by the address you say you are writing from, can we assume that your observations are an ironic spoof ?   what the hell emoticon_xdonno
just because socialism fell in the soviet union doesn't mean communism can ever be triumphant,mao said that nothing ever goes through smoothly,there are always some setbacks, but 2/3 of russians want the soviet union back, half of those would rather have stalin, i've heard, and in almost every country communist parties are gaining members,like in greece, their CP gained 1%more national votes than the one before
Capitalism Q: What is capitalism? A: The control of commodities (goods and services) through corporations that produce only to make profits for their shareholders (the capitalist class). In contrast, socialism is the control of commodities through a government that produces only to serve people (the working class).  Q: Rich people deserve to be rich because they work harder. Why should they give up their money?  A: Capitalists gain their wealth from the labor of others--not from their own work. The workers who actually create the wealth-by picking the crops or assembling the engines, for example-should get a fair share of the wealth they create. Why should someone be a millionaire, with three houses, a private plane, and the like when other folks can't even afford enough to eat?  Q: Aren't people greedy by nature?  A: No. For example, in capitalist countries, little children quickly learn to share and cooperate, but they are later taught to take more than they need compete viciously in "the real world."   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Socialism and Communism Q: Can people decide what job they want in communist countries?  A: Yes, and better than under capitalism. Now, you get a job based on the education you receive, and the people you know: poor education + bad connections = a poor job, generally. Communism will allow people who have aptitudes for certain work the education--for free--to learn the skills it takes to do that work.  Q: Why would anyone be motivated to work hard under communism? If you work harder, shouldn't you get more?  A: People can learn to be motivated by working for the common good. If we help each other, we both gain. Capitalism encourages us to fight against each other for crumbs, while the very few stuff themselves on the pie.  Q: Why don't you like democracy, why is communism better?  A: Democracy and communism are not opposites. Communists believe in TRUE democracy, as opposed to our "bourgeois democracy." What that means is when you only get to choose between millionaires running for election, working class people (the vast majority of society) aren't really represented. Elections in a capitalist system are almost always decided by who can get the most corporate money. True democracy will be realized under communism because everyone will have an equal say in society.  Q: The world has never been fair, so how can the communists make it fair?  A: Fairness is a function of how wealth is distributed. Under capitalism, workers receive only a small percentage of the wealth that they create. Under socialism, workers receive a larger share. Under communism, workers (all people) will receive everything.  Q: What is the difference between communism and socialism?  A: The short answer is socialism is "from each according to their ability and to each according to their DEEDS," and communism is "from each according to their ability and to each according to their NEEDS." The longer answer is socialism is the step between capitalism and communism. Socialism still has people working for wages, therefore monetary equality has not be reached. Socialism is the society that will pave the way for a communist society by setting a foundation of co-operation and sharing of all things in common. Communism is the realization of these goals.  Q: What would be the benefits of socialism in the US?  A: Just to name a few there would be jobs for all at living wages, full equality and an end to racism, sexism and homophobia, health care for all, a right to a clean healthy environment, equal rights for immigrant workers, free public education form nursery to university, peace and solidarity. Q: Is socialism inevitable?  A: If the human race is to survive--yes, it is. Capitalism cannot solve the problems it creates. For example, the capitalists want to pay workers less and less so they can have more and more for themselves. But when the workers have less, they can buy less, which means the capitalist end up with less as a result. It's a vicious circle that has no solution under capitalism.  Q: Does socialism automatically end exploitation, racism, sexism and homophobia?  A: No. These societal ills are products of capitalism, but they will not vanish immediately with socialism. They have been around for centuries, and will take generations of the humanistic system of socialism and a constant struggle to cure. But, socialism will make ending these problems possible, while capitalism encourages them. At the same time, we can't wait until "after the revolution" to fight these ills. The fight against exploitation, racism, sexism and homophobia is a crucial part of the struggle for socialism.  Q: How can you have communism and still have individual freedom?  A: By limiting bureaucracy, establishing human-rights laws ), and reminding all workers that they need to remain involved in union and civic activities.  Q: How free are the people in communist countries? What kind of rights do they have? Can they think for themselves and make their own choices?  A: These things vary according to each socialist country. Generally, no one has the right to become wealthy or spread capitalistic propaganda. In capitalist countries, we have only illusions of freedom and democracy because the media is owned by only a few corporations and the political campaigns are financed by the billionaires.  Q: Are there taxes in communist countries?  A: Generally no. However some socialist countries levy taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals.  Q: How can people get ahead in a communist country?  A: Ahead of whom? Under capitalism, people get ahead of other people. Many poor and working class people in this country consider putting food on the table being ahead of the game. Under socialism, and eventually communism, all people get ahead together with basic necessities and luxuries. Organizing, communists Q: Why is unity so important?  A: It's the best tool the working class has, we have strength in numbers. We are the majority in this country and world wide.Without unity, we fight each other for the crumbs while the capitalist takes the majority of the pie. With communism we each get an equal share of that pie.  Q: Do communists believe in god? Do they outlaw religion?  A: Some communists believe in god, some don't. Gus Hall,says, "Our fight is not with God, but with capitalists." Freedom of religion would continue under communism--as long as the organized religion does not seek to destroy the system and replace it with capitalism or any other earlier system (such as slavery or feudalism).  Q: Do people treat you differently if you are a communist?  A: Yes. Even those who disagree with our politics respect our work and commitment to the class struggle. Many bless us, a few curse us, but no one ignores us.  Q: Why is the working class so important?  A: We are the majority class. It is our work which creates the wealth which allows a very few people to live in obscene luxury. Because we are the majority class, we have the real power to transform society.  International Issues Q: Has there ever been a communist society that succeeded?  A: Technically, there never has been a communist society. Some socialist societies, such as Cuba are succeeding. Communism is the long term goal; just as the world has evolved from feudalism to capitalism, so it will evolve from capitalism, first through socialism (in which the working class is dominant), then eventually to communism (in which there are no classes). Our job is to hasten that evolution.  Q: What communist countries still exist?  A: Cuba is a socialist state.  Q: Was the Soviet Union a real communist country?  A: No. It was a socialist.  Q: Why did communism fail in the Soviet Union?  A: There are many reasons why socialism fell in the Soviet Union. One reason was because of the Cold War. Capitalist countries were able to spend more on the cold war and the Soviet Union tried too hard to compete. For example, Reagan was able to build a greater military force by obscenely increasing our national debt. Overall it is very hard for a socialist country to survive with imperial powers breathing down their necks. There were both errors that the Communist officials made within the country and forces from outside that tainted the gains of the revolution. Q: Why do so many people want to leave Cuba?  A: Relatively few want to leave. They have all suffered due to our 40-year blockade, but most do not believe that they can become wealthy capitalists by leaving Cuba.  Q: Is Cuba a dictatorship?  A: No. Although the Cuban people have a strong central government, they are very active in local and national democratic elections, especially through their union activities.
This is truly one of the most idiotic "FAQs" I have ever seen.   Though when I say idiotic I really mean "dishonest".   And when I say "FAQs" I mean piles of steaming turd.  You appear to have cut and pasted this from a website created by a 15 year old. http://members.tripod.com/~antilemming/main.htm in 1997.  Although you have taken out the bit about how maybe Stalin didn't really kill many people.    I am astounded by the logic.  In the original FAQ, China and Vietnam are also identified as "successful socialist states", and North Korea as a "socialist state", along with glorious Cuba.  You listed the wrong website it is from the YCLUSA, they never talked about Stalin, and China and Vietnam have less laws limiting Capitalism than the US does so thay don't count. Oh yes and I as a communist have read more than this like Communist Manifesto,Das Kapital, and The State and Revolution. and I have read much history of the USSR and I frequently visit a communist forum.  And I have read the Soviet documents from the 30's,most "Modern Information" comes from Nazi William Hearst, Robert Conquest, and The Fascist Alexander Solzhenitsyn.
Which ideology do you adhere to?  At this point I'm not entirely certain any contemporary definitions apply. Former capitalist.
Hee hee...funny poll ;) Eco-communist all the way!
Eco communist, because i'm not the other one.  Was this symbiotic humour?
Easily an eco-communist. I mean, what`s more attractive than a tree-hugging, "socially aware" revolutionary? And lets face it, politics is all about getting laid.
Easily an eco-communist. I mean, what`s more attractive than a tree-hugging, "socially aware" revolutionary? And lets face it, politics is all about getting laid.  Politics is also about money and capitalists can normally afford a higher quality level of revolutionary to 'support' than those clamoring for equality.
Isn't everything?  So true  Politics is also about money and capitalists can normally afford a higher quality level of revolutionary to 'support' than those clamoring for equality.  Ah, yes. But money is just means to the end of getting laid, so it all boils down to the same thing.
 Ah, yes. But money is just means to the end of getting laid, so it all boils down to the same thing.  Haggling does take some of the romanticism out of the goal, but we all do what's required.
I want to see thoughts on this. I would have to go with a democratic-republic just because we have rights and have the right to vote. Other than that, the idea of Communism is much more well rounded
Communism meaning the government russia had from the 1940s to 1990. Democratic- republic: the government the US has today.
One more thing I'll post is thje rudimetary concept of communism: Everyone is equal. A farmer makes $40 a month than a doctor makes $20 a month. No one in a communist government owns land, so there are no rights, except for the members of the the communist party, they own land. Finally, there isn't an equalized system of healthcare, one person can afford healthcare, one cannot.
georged, no kiddin. I'm wrong alright.
How can there be a democratic constitutional monarchy. The ideals of the democracy and the monarchy contradict each other.
One of the biggest problems with socialism is the cradle-to-grave government provision. This quashes the entrepeneurial spirit and the drive to improve one's lot in life.  So taking care of the less fortunate is a bad thing? The drive to improve one's lot in life is a flawed concept to begin with. It leads to greed which is heart and driving force behind capitalism.
In class I have to debate why if we were to start a new country why it should be socialistic. I don't want this to turn into a debate, I only wants links and reasons on why we should go socialistic over capitalistic.  Thanks for helping.  *REMINDER* please do not turn this into a debate!  Socialism is a very broad category of political ideals, which particular form were you thinking of?  And just so you know, Fascism is not a form of socialism in any way. Socialism does not have oppressive governments. The purpose of socialism is to remove the class differences in society, if there is a small group of bureaucrats enforcing their will on the workers then that's a class difference.
If you live in a place where there is a governing body, you're living under some measure of socialism. A Government can only handle socialized things. Meaning If the Government touches it, it's a social event.  The United States is heavily socialized.   Bill Gates doesn't have the Navy wash his yacht and General Motors doesn't use the Army to transport their trucks. Warren Buffet can't kick you out of Yellow Stone and Larry Ellison can't stop you from Using US 1 to see the coast.  Nothing is more socialized than a standing army. This is why initially; the United States tried to work with Militias less an actual Active Military. Our military institutions are the peoples. We have the Peoples Navy, Army and Air force; we don't need Lords offering their Militias for a war as did Britain and so on, in the past under capitalism.  First let's get rid of the concept that Socialism weakens a nation. This is a lie. Socialism makes a country very powerful. Germany was nothing before Hitler socialized its military industrial complex. After Socializing Germany became the most powerful nation on the earth and it took three massive countries to take her down. Britain; The United States; and Russia threw a ton of bodies into the battle to knock little Germany down.  Before Russia socialized, it was nothing. Poland's last worry was over Russia. After socializing Russia became a superpower and the rest is history. We defeated Russia clearly. But how? Funny thing, if you where to count the number of socialists allied with Russia and the United States you would have found that the U.S. had a greater number. The United States had more capital moving into the Social defense area and Russia could not keep up, especially when its people where not clearly allied to their government. Nixon was the man that threw the wrench into the Russian imperial growth machine. Nixon opened relations with China. If Nixon would not have done this, we would have been where Russia is today. Our economy would have burst if we had to face a Russia united with China.  A Country's money is only worth what it will buy. Cuba can become what ever it wants and it still falls back to, what can you buy with the money they print? Anything they build will require some form of import. Japan faced this pre-WWII and when we cut the supply of steel, they're economy was crushed.  Interesting thing to consider; what can you buy with the Dollar? China takes the dollar for what? China wants to own a mountain of Fords? The Middle East only takes the dollar. What would happen if they didn't? Think long and hard about that.
Did you know that in most states mothers can be denied a job or given less pay for the same work, just because they're mothers?  There is a silent crisis in America. Mothers and families are in trouble. The wage gap between mothers and non-mothers is now greater than between women and men: One study found non-mothers earn 10% less than their male counterparts; mothers earn 27% less; and single mothers earn between 44% and 34% less.  This wage hit has a direct impact on families--a full quarter of families with children under six live in poverty, at least 9 million children don't have any health care, and far too many parents can't afford to stay home with sick children. Working toward common sense family-friendly policies like those covered in The Motherhood Manifesto will help all families.  If you truly care about mothers and kids and families you might want to sign the Motherhood Manifesto at:  http://www.momsrising.org/petition/familyfriendly?a=2&r=1711&id=7477-6742734-QYceC7GH0_0oaJv7ZxQv0A&t=5
In other words, selling one's soul to the corporate mentality, the American way.   Europeans have a different way of looking at life. Families are important, having leisure time is important, participating in other human events is important.   So, which is it? Humanity? Human life? Community? Family?  Or the God Almighty Corporation?
If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.What is wealth?  If it can be determined what wealth is, how much wealth is necessary?  Does giving up leisure time to work all the time always produce wealth?  Sadly, in the U.S. presently, we have families where each parent works two or three jobs and they still are unable to accumulate wealth--the WORKING POOR OF AMERICA, the legacy of George Walker Bush and the Republican Party.  In contrast, my Swedish relatives, compared to my American relatives, have acumulated incredibly beautiful, well-designed homes, they have been laborers but they have also been artists and artisans and created beauty as such, they have had leisure to ski, hike, engage in other outdoor things and they haven't worked themselves to death as Americans have been obliged to do because of the corporate mentality of America.  My American relatives have worked and worked and they are comfortable but, my God! the contrast in esthetics between the Swedes and Americans is astounding. The Swedes have surrounded themselves with beautiful and wonderful design; the Americans have surrounded themselves with cheap stuff from Wal-mart that looks icky and falls apart.  The quality of life between the two nations is universes apart.
imperialism has to stop their has to be a day when the workers of humanity dicide the fate of the world and not coca cola! it will happen its a matter of time , this present system of world politics only brings missery to the world , only the working class them selfs can imancipate them selfs from this inslavement , only fear stops us , we will over come we will over come! you conservitives i em dyslexic but bet it wont stop you to try and victomise me like you always do to the poor and disavantaged keep faith cosmic jim proud member of the communist league
Jim,  The working class has shown themselves unfit to lead. What now?  personally I don't accept the premise of the question.
james forristal, you indeed make a compelling argument in favour of keeping the faith of communism, and I find myself drawn to your beliefs. Do you issue any kind of newsletter I could subscribe to?
Fortunately, the Bolshevik Revolution failed. 1989, the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down, along with Soviet Ideology.  Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it.  Of course the bolshevik revolution was doomed from the start as Russia was not indsutrialised and the revolution was imposed by a minority of the bourgeoisie rather than a mass movement of the proletariat (not that there was a proletariat in Russia at the time).
there are other models of communism than the soviet one. Redistribution can be coupled with business built on the collective model, like the co-op or John Lewis in the UK, communist doesn't have to mean Stalinist.
The closes to the idea of communism we get in the real world is when we look at the family as a form of communism. Other real world attempts never got even close to as close to true communism.
Marxism describes a situation following a revolution in a capitalist system. You cannot claim that a tribal society is marxist, it simply doesn't fit the theory. It's worth remembering that developed tribal societies lasted well into the 1700s in western europe and it was only forcible eradication that destroyed them. I'm thinking of course of the highland clans.  If we're going to take infant mortality as the measure of a society, you will note that (ostensibly) communist Cuba has a lower infant mortality rate than capitalist America.
First, I'm sure that the Cuban's report whatever they feel is 'good' for Cuba. But I'm sure the difference between Cuba and the US is nothing compared to the US and the Mek or even Mexico and the Mek.  Well, I'm basing this on figures from the CIA World Factbook. Are you saying the CIA trusts Cuban propaganda? emoticon_xclown
Are you saying the CIA trusts Cuban propaganda?  Umm, it's the CIA. Might improve report accuracy?
Your argument doesn't hold up. The economy of the USSR went from feudal agrarian to industrial in less than half a century. The proletariat at the time of the revolution numbered 4% of the population. The command economy catapulted the USSR to superpower status, which it only lost as a result of trying to maintain military superiority (40% of GDP on arms is going to do that). Many criticisms can be made of the USSR, lack of economic growth is not one of them. When capitalism was allowed in, look at the mess that resulted.
Actually, the only way a govt. could ever control a person enough to supplant their natural wish for freedom and opportunity is to brutally subjugate them. So, yes, actually, the brutality IS a result of their economic system. If the people (in the USSR) had had the ability to participate in the economic system then they wouldn't have had to have been suppressed like that. Look at China now (and Cuba, etc...) the reason that communist citizens must be totally controlled is because they aren't free and because that economic system can't produce enough of the products that people need (much less the products they want).  You continue to neglect the very recent pre-industrial starting points of all these countries. I should also point out that America's wealth was built on slavery too. The reason the USSR couldn't provide for its people was that it was spending 40% of GDP on armaments and empire building. Political freedom has little to do with economic systems, most ordinary citizens have little control over what is produced by the economy, and what goods are available to them. A democratically controlled command economy would actually have more scope for freedom than the current plutocratic system. Every time a country has attempted democratic socialism, the CIA have intervened backing death squads and the like to suppress it. Ever heard of the School of the Americas?
You missed the key words "very recent" - the USSR pretty much began from an agrarian base in 1917. The US entered the industrial revolution not long after Britain did, in a far more hospitable climate and without outside pressure - let's not forget that the new regime came under attack from white forces almost as soon as WW1 ended.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  The climate certainly has an impact, as does the starting point, which you keep trying to wriggle out of. Russia only emancipated its serfs in the late 19th century, something which happened centuries earlier in western europe. It took the capitalist system 300 years to achieve what centralised planning managed in 50. It's also worth noting that during the quickest phases of development, both the US and western europe were heavily protectionist and supportive of their own industries, they developed best with the addition of central support, much as China is doing today and South Korea did previously.
Do you know what pre-communist Russia was like? What the rest of the eastern block areas were like? How advanced they were compared to the west?  Well, for starters try this: my very own Slovenia was an averagely developed area of Austro-Hungary (how do you English call it, anyway?), and when it became a part of Yugoslavia, it benefited because it was suddenly the most advanced region of Yugoslavia.  The US has had a long war free period to develop in while the soviet Russia started during an exhausting war, faced another war soon after, and even before the first war was underdeveloped.    Anyway, all beside the point. The basics of communism were only barely tried. And not in russia - poor Yugoslavia took the most experimental approaches. Marx' ideas were a critique and a proposed solution to the excesses of capitalism gone rampant. WHile the methods he proposed are suspect, at least you may want to think about what it must have been like that people went for them.    One final thought I'd like to offer, my own evaluation of communism: while it did not work out as it was supposed to (for starters, it never actually got implemented), it did offer an alternative to western capitalism, and the very existence of this alternative has made capitalist systems restrain themselves, which made capitalism better.
I don't think the all the people in the US participate out of choice, for many they are forced to work horrendous hours for sub-survivable wages in order to scrape by. The unemployed are forced into work long distances from home simply to satisfy the middle class lust for punishment of the poor, with no thought to helping them secure retraining and a long term future. Not to mention all those living with chronic illnesses because they can't afford insurance or medical fees.
Jo, even unemployeed people on welfare have flatscreen tvs and cable.  Prove it. Prove that every unemployed person has cable and a flatscreen TV. Heck, prove to me that more than half have them.  EDIT: learn the difference between Sweden and Switzerland.
i just thought that it would be cool to revive this thread. it was such an interesting debate.
Oh, such a lively debate... more like capitalist bashing. :P
now all we need is dsadevil and we'll be on our way!!!
Joy...
Yes capitalism sucks. There has got to be a better way. I also know that the better way is not socialism.
I like capitalism because you have your chance to do what you want. Be stupid or be smart, and most very poor people have chosen to be stupid. They dropped out of school or got pregnant, not that that is always the case. The single mother is an example, but she can usually get help. 67% of black children are born out of wedlock, but I don't see Jesse Jackson or Al SHarpton fighting that.
capitalism in theory allows people to have equal opportunity, but that is not the case. like it or not broker, there is a such thing as class conflict. and not most poor people have "chosen" to be stupid. they have been born in an environment that does not allow for them to progress. poverty is a neverending cycle. most poor people were born to poor parents and most rich people were born to rich parents. poor children (who did not "choose" to be poor) go to poor inner-city schools. rich children go to rich wealthy schools. and even in the case of a woman who gets pregnant, should we punish her for the rest of her life because she made one mistake? or should we give her another chance...
I'm not supporting her because of her mistake. That's not forgetting to take the trash out...   People born into poverty can do well in any school and get money for college. They can succeed. Most are just too lazy to do it.
thats easy for you to say, since you've never been poor...  i am willing to support someone for a mistake that they made when they were young. i guess it has to do with what kind of person you are. if you are a compassionate person then you will be willing to help those in need. if you are money-hungry and filled with greed and close-minded then you will not want to help the needy.
Every great mistake has a halfway moment. THose people knew what they did could potentially destroy their lives.   And it's true. There are millions of success stories...everywhere.
there's only 250 million people in the united states. how could their be millions of success stories
why not support the needy? you're a christian right broker? wouldnt Jesus show mercy to the person who made a mistake early in life? or would he just say "too bad". thats something for you to consider broker. money is not everything. so stop acting like it is.
There are 280 million people in the US. I'd say there are several million people who grew up poor and aren't poor today.
I'll give to the poor when and if I want to. I don't want 85% of the money that I had to work for being taken by a government that just comes up with new ways to take more from me. I don't want to be forced to do anything and forcing me makes me not want to do it.   I'm not against helping the poor. I am against giving them money to live their whole lives instead of helping them to get out of poverty. That's all that happens in these socialist countries! Their poverty rates are rising and in many cases are higher than ours!  Anyone can raise their status if they want to. You may have to work two hard jobs to get into a college and get a degree to do something that pays good, but you can do it.
broker, you act like none of those tax dollars go to stuff that you use. you dont go to athletic events? you dont use the mail? you dont drive on roads? theres a bunch of other things as well that you use that are paid for by tax dollars.
When they tax you for 85% all I can say is welfare state. That's why I think more people get into poverty and need their social welfare under a socialist system...it's absurd to me.   Taxes are fine, as long as they don't take too much and they don't waste it. I don't think anything more than 50% of a person's income should be taken and I don't think the government should act like it's their money, because it's not.
Yes! I hate government bailouts! Huge corporate tax rates kill industry that does most of the research, and 50% of small businesses only sell to coporations. Falling is anti-corporations...
i always thought that robinhood was a good guy, oh well:)  have u ever heard of progressive tax? the richest people pay a higher percentage. so lets say a rich person pays 60% of their income to taxes. someone who is on the lower level income bracket, which would be where we are, would not pay nearly that much.
I like the progressive tax, but I'm limit to no more than 50% of someone's income.
wow, i am getting so freakin tired of repeating the same arguments over and over again. i think that i have addressed this question about 1000 times on this website, many times with broker. read some of the earlier posts. if you have a specific question or argument that has not been made yet, i will be glad to post a response.
Well, Falling, don't you think the economy would be hurt if you raised tax rates on the rich to about 70%?
not really, because if you tax the rich more then that means the government will have more money to spend. when the government spends money, it spurs on the economy. its called Keynesian economics. government spending will also increase consumer demand. you must be a supply-sider.
Yet with Reagan's tax cuts the economy went through the roof and he doubled federal revenues.
after reagan's tax cuts took place, the united states experienced the worst recession since the great depression.   poverty increased greatly. in fact, poverty rose every single year from 1981 to 1992.   our country experienced a huge increase in the deficit. when reagan took office, we were 994 billion dollars in debt. when he left, we were 2867 dollars in debt. why did this happen? because while reagan cut taxes, he also increased military spending. the trade deficit also quadrupled during this time period.   wow reagan's tax cuts were sure a huge hit, werent they:)   please explain to me how we got out of the Great Depression.   let me give you a quick history lesson:): herbert hoover was a strict capitalist and believed that the government should just stay out (laissez-faire) and that the depression would heal itself. three years into the depression, the economy was even worse off than it was in the beginning. then in 1932, when FDR is elected president (my most favorite president ever!!:D:D), he increased government spending and created new jobs through the government. unemployment gradually decreased and the economy came back. the economy was almost all the way back and then world war II came around. the government spent even more money on the war, which stimulated the economy. by the end of FDR's term, we were completely out of the depression!! yay:D:D!!! but then after FDR died, you had many capitalists who were very jealous of him and angry that he was successful. they denounced the New Deal and all of the good it did. and they brainwashed people like you into thinking government spending does not stimulate the economy.
Yeah, he had a recession, and his tax cuts moved us out of that! Unemployment and inflation were at decade lows! Federal revenue was doubled!   Reagan was concerned about that deficit, but Congress, as a result of the DEMOCRATS, was unable to agree on cuts in spending.  Of course he was increasing military spending! The Soviet Union was still a ahuge threat, and he was the one responsible for bringing it down.   And the US recovered fast from the 1987 economic troubles, so it's not even worth mentioning.   When Reagan left office the deficit was seriously reduced, wasn't it? Let me go find something from my shootout with Dsa on the old site.
They cut the deficit by 70 thousand million...I've got five minutes so someone can traslate that into billions, please.   Reagan cut income taxes for EVERYONE by 25% and signed the most sweeping tax reform in 75 years. He closed many loopholes that the rich were using.
unemployment did not decrease during reagans administration, it increased. and the deficit remained extremely high until clinton's administration.  can you please respond to FDR and his New Deal that saved the country?
I never denied that it didn't. But that was a different time...an extrodinary circumstance.   Actually, unemployment reached a 14-year low during the Reagan administartion. Where did you hear otherwise? And whos fault was the deficit? Reagan WAS worried about it, but the DEMOCRATS refused to cut spending.
Originally posted by fallingupwards  can you please respond to FDR and his New Deal that saved the country?    Look at the DJIA. In the early 30s the economy was starting to turn around. Was it the New Deal? I'm willing to accept that. But the economy was about as low as it could go and could go no where else but up. In the years just before WW2 it looked like the economy was about it take another dump. Saying the New Deal saved the country does have some merit, but it is shaky at best. I can say for sure the economic explosion after WW2 was due to massive defense spending.
i'm not a big fan of massive defense spending, but it is government spending nonetheless. therefore, if you say that ww2 stopped the depression, then you are also saying that government spending can take us out of an economic slump. same thing applies if you think it was the New Deal
Originally posted by fallingupwards  i'm not a big fan of massive defense spending, but it is government spending nonetheless. therefore, if you say that ww2 stopped the depression, then you are also saying that government spending can take us out of an economic slump. same thing applies if you think it was the New Deal    That is exactly what I am saying. By no means do I condone big government saving the economy by any means, defense spending or anything resembling a modern New Deal.  What may suprise you here is that I am afraid of people with guns! Especially a large well equiped military. A large well equiped military can have politcal power unto itself. It is a large credit to our professional officer corps that we don't have a miitary coup every few years.  I just wish the rest of our government had the same discipline. Then I could entertain the idea of socialism. When the state has political power, it never gives it back. Before I get flamed, I am not advocating a military junta as form of government for the United States.
The thing in this country is that the government controls the military instead of the military controlling the government... good thing.
Socialism, communism and capitalism aren't the only choices for how to organize an economy.  Also, the US at present is neither "pure capitalist" nor socialist.   I do believe that some people should re-evaluate their definitions of socialism, as they seem confused about what it is.
Morfos, just wanted to clarify that I'm not referring to you when I say people should look up the word socialism....
Europe has a superior form of government and Americans need to relize this. .  Sorry, but what you do not realize is that we kicked out European forms of government in 1776. We saved European governments in WW2. The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men. When the USA first had the vote, Europe still had kings and emperors. Europe has become more like the USA and needs to work harder to become more like the USA. The USA had true freedom for more than 100 years before Europe started to get rid of their kings. In a few European countries they still have thier kings. I do not want to see a return of kings the the USA. Europe is almost like the USA, they just need to try a little harder.
Sorry, but what you do not realize is that we kicked out European forms of government in 1776. We saved European governments in WW2. The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men. When the USA first had the vote, Europe still had kings and emperors. The founding fathers were afraid to trust the common people with the right to vote. They didn't want mob rule and chaos. "Most of the Founders believed that property ownership was essential to good citizenship and therefore that only property owners should be able to vote. 'Property', in those days, also included slaves, of course, and half of the Founders were slave owners....The maintenance of power in the hands of the elite was further strengthened by who could vote. In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners." http://www.alternativesmagazine.com/22/lonsdale.html
Socialism, communism and capitalism aren't the only choices for how to organize an economy.  Also, the US at present is neither "pure capitalist" nor socialist.   I do believe that some people should re-evaluate their definitions of socialism, as they seem confused about what it is.  The US is still the closest thing to a pure capitalist country in the world. But you are correct, our system is not a pure capitalist one. We have reminants of all types of systems including socialism. In the modern world I don't think a society as large as the US is could be run under just one pure system.
The founding fathers were afraid to trust the common people with the right to vote. They didn't want mob rule and chaos. "Most of the Founders believed that property ownership was essential to good citizenship and therefore that only property owners should be able to vote. 'Property', in those days, also included slaves, of course, and half of the Founders were slave owners....The maintenance of power in the hands of the elite was further strengthened by who could vote. In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners." http://www.alternativesmagazine.com/22/lonsdale.html  What is your point?
The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men.  Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners.  What is your point?  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".
Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".  So what your saying is that we were not supposed to become a democracy and we are not a democracy, therefore we are exactly what we were meant to become. An interesting point of view.  I'd like to hear why you don't believe the US is a democracy at this time if those other ones you listed off were considered to be democracies. I do agree that the US was never meant to be a democracy but I disagree with you that the US isn't currently one.
I don't know about what anything is "meant" to be. I do know that "democracy" was never intended, or even wished, by the "founding fathers". The US was founded as a Republic, and remains a Republic.  To believe in democracy is to believe that every person is born free and entitled to everything that society has to offer, as long as they don't infringe on other's enjoyment of the same. Not because their biological parents accumulated wealth. Not because they have bombs or a military.  In the US, wealth is passed on to progeny instead of shared. Labour is valued by how much people can be starved into working. People die of starvation in the street, and a Freddy vs Jason movie is made with billions of dollars. Police arrest someone for stealing food or smoking a joint, and CEOs shake hands with politicians over billion dollar scams.  I believe that is an insane way to run a society. Neither is it an accident. Unfortunately, because if it were, it would be easy to correct in a peaceful manner. Instead, the US was created based on the idea that those who had should continue to have (regardless of how they came to have in the first place). The only way any "freedoms" have been won is with bloody battles, such as that for minimum wages (for "citizens"), or for the right of Black people to vote (on who the next dictator is).  The true democracy of the first "Americans" meant that everyone had a say in everything that affected them. That's democracy. Anything that would mess up your life you got a say in. Which is only right, IMO.
Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".  What about the 'we the people' business?     If you want more modern examples... I am aware that Switzerland was a Republic before you, and they are a confederation.
What about the 'we the people' business?  Well, the literal translation would be something more like "us and our friends".  You can't make much of a democracy from land stolen from an enslaved nation. It doesn't exactly lead to democracy usually.
I don't think you'll ever find a perfect society.  I am not essentially anti-USA, but I might seem to be because I am against hypocricy... and right now, republic or democracy you'r pretty much up to your ears in it with Iraq.  If someone said at the beginning of this thread that capitalism does suck, then I guess you wouldn't have to look to much further than this war for oil.
War for oil... please. emoticon_rolleyes
War for oil... please.  I know, Broker, it's just shameful. What an absurd thing to bomb people over. Can you believe people actually volunteer to put their lives on the line to fatten Bush and his friends' wallets?  How absurd.
I know, Broker, it's just shameful. What an absurd thing to bomb people over. Can you believe people actually volunteer to put their lives on the line to fatten Bush and his friends' wallets?  How absurd.  I believe that when you 'volunteer' to join the armed forces you're saying "Send me where ever, and I'll go"  It's not a debating society where they poll the soldiers which war they'd like to be involved in.  But yes, it's part of the "American Way". To be anti-war is deemed to be un-American.
I guess you wouldn't have to look to much further than this war for oil.  War for oil? What are we getting from Iraq's oil? Absolutely nothing. The money from the sale of Iraq's oil goes to the United Nations trust fund designated for the rebuilding of Iraq.
And according to that newest Iraq resolution Kofi Annan gets to decide who gets the contracts in Iraq.
The War for Oil....  "Oil is a consideration for nations considering joining in the fight if the United States goes to war in the Persian Gulf, because the day after Saddam is removed, the Iraqi oil industry is up for grabs.Of all of the reasons offered for removing Saddam, from terrorism to terrible weapons, oil is seldom mentioned. Yet critical to the American agenda is the fear an Iraq armed with nuclear weapons could dominated, or hold hostage a region through which flows an estimated 30 percent of the world's oil and natural gas" http://abcnews.go.com/sections/business/Nightline/NTL_oil_iraq_021004.html  http://www.spgb.org.uk/Iraq2.htm  http://www.thirdway.org/files/articles/iraqoil.html
Why don't you take a position and aruge it instead of linking around? I don't know what you're trying to say with those web sites... give something specific to argue.
Why don't you take a position and aruge it instead of linking around? I don't know what you're trying to say with those web sites... give something specific to argue.  I thought I did... that the USA went into Iraq for the oil. And somone else posted that they'd never heard such a thing. So, rather than just leave it on my own word... I linked a couple of sites that have ellaborated the argument.  But I repeat it here today, that the USA didn't go into to Iraq to 'liberate' Iraq. It was the oil you wanted. You couldn't get what you wanted because Iraq's economy was about to go bust from the Iran/Iraq war.  Over the years USA has interferred in Iraq, helping establish Sadaam (even before Iran posed a 'threat'). Iraq was part of CENTO, (the Central Treaty Organization), almost like NATO, but for the middle-east.  USA didn't care that he poisoned the Kurds, or minority groups in the south.  USA gave the greenlight for Iraq to invade Kuwait in the first place! http://www.chss.montclair.edu/english/furr/glaspie.html and http://www.rationalrevolution.net/invasion_of_kuwait.htm
We didn't help establish Saddam. The CIA assited in a coup that put his uncle into power. The CIA didn't help Saddam overthrow his uncle.  Actually, the US could just vote to end sanctions on iraq in the Security Council... we were the only ones stopping it. Supply wasn't an issue. It's absurd to say that we'll spend $200 billion in Iraq, and have our industry pay for $15 billion in oil infrastructure improvements... think of how absurd that is. The US cannot profit from Iraqi oil revenues, according to the resolution that gives us recognition in Iraq, which I have seen no one show that we've violated. Kofi Annan, under that same resolution, gets the final decisions as per who gets the oil contracts. Profit isn't the issue. What is the issue?  CENTO was created in 1954. emoticon_rolleyes It was barely alive when it was done away with completely in 1979.  Actually, one year after that we stopped our military support (which was already very, very, very small in the first place).  Please. Nothing more than conspiracy theories and spin on facts. We gave the go ahead for the invasion to spend billions of dollars when the economy was shaky and lost a few hundred men?
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.  I think you are probably right.
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.  Or at least eliminate some of the competition from the workforce.  (A bit callous I know.) War has historically assisted the economy although not completely. How many outstanding WWII debts are there? I believe only finland has repaid in full.
I think I posted this at another point on this thread but..............  The systems listed in the poll are not government systems but economic systems.
We didn't help establish Saddam. The CIA assited in a coup that put his uncle into power. The CIA didn't help Saddam overthrow his uncle.   Iraq has been cursed with unstable governments for half a century thanks to our policies. I would expect the people of Iraq to favor a Islamic State with strict Islamic Laws. This has been successful in Africa for restoring order. What a shame.  http://lists.econ.utah.edu/pipermail/rad-green/2003-April/008294.html   ...He regards Saddam as a deposed U.S. client in the mold of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos and former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega.  "We climb into bed with these people without really knowing anything about their politics," Morris said in an interview from Seattle where he is working on his book. "It's not unusual, of course, in American policy. We tire of these people, and we find reasons to shed them." ....  But even if the United States played no role in the rise of Iraq's Baath Party, experts say Washington has obviously had to confront unintended consequences of former U.S. policies -- including those of Bush's father, President George Bush, a former CIA director.  "There are always some unintended consequences. There were unintended consequences in World War One that brought the rise of Hitler," said Helmut Sonnenfeldt, guest scholar in foreign policy studies at the Brookings Institution and former NSC staffer.  The United States and other Western powers supported Saddam's regime during the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war, even after the Baghdad government used chemical weapons to kill thousands of Kurdish villagers in Halabja. ....
OK, you ask I answer. Before I get into a big debate with you I will ask YOU to define the two options presented. After reading those I will formulate my responce.
Falling,  You assume quite a bit about me! I asked the question out of pure curiosity. I did not, and do not, look to start a debate about capitalism and socialism in this thread. I wanted to know what you defined communism and socialism to be so that I knew where we were headed.  I will say that socialism is certainly better than communism. Look at the communist countries. The former USSR, Red China, former Germany, and others. None of them have a good record of immigration into thier countries, and all were known for their oppression of the people. One of the best illustrations of what communism does to a nation is seen in the Stalin regime.
Beware there Broker. I think I hear the capitalist argument starting. Falling has already said that he wants to avoid that debate in this forum. I don't think anyone would disagree that communism is worse than socialism. Would this be a correct assumption?
I haven't really payed much attention to this whole debate. Honestly I've only read the last few posts, but since I see some stuff about salaries and classes and such I figure I'll throw my two cents worth in. It's true, business execs earn $200,000; some much more, some less. But what about the folks who built the office building, for example. My bet goes that they work slightly harder than any business exec. I'd say that job is more physically and mentally demanding in its own respect. Take teachers for another example. We all know they are underpaid for the work they do. Business execs as well as street sweepers keep this country running on a day to day basis, but for some reason only one of the two ends up struggling. Who really needs $200,000 a year to live? Its awesome to have nice things, but there are only so many nice things you can buy before it turns into obsession, or just plain and simple greed. Plus, i hope this doesn't offend anyone, but business execs aren't worth that much more than street sweepers, or janitors.  Again, I don't know if that has anything to do with the current topic. That just seemed like the direction it was heading in.
There is now another thread to do the Capitialism v. Socialism debate. See you there! :D
I have lived the life of the small business starter. I went broke to start my own business and now I am making enough money to live something like comfortable. Why should I pay your hospital bill with the money I worked my backside off to earn? (Maybe this debate should be moved into the capitialism thread...hint, hint.)
Socialism takes about 85% taxes so they can give medcare that bites. communism, the govt. owns everthing. They LET you work THERE businesses and LET you get little money you get. I HATE both of them.
I want to comment on the original question.  According to Karl Marx socialism is stepping stone to reach the perfect - communism.  Large govt control forcing all to cooperate so that when people did cooperate large govt could disapear and the people live in communism.  Well that was at least the theory Marx came up with.
Karl Marx did not want the government to oppress the people either.  He did not like government. What he wanted is that people live in a community in which everyone is perfect.  But socialism in his view was the stage in which the few evil nonconformists would be weeded out or shown the "truth."
Right and that why the socialistic - communistic theories of Karl Marx are ridiculous.
I spoke a bit to broad.  I also agree with some welfare.  Such as the ones you pointed out.
You'd be good at the Pres debates! lol
You and I both agree on the subject, so I guess we'll just have to wait for fallingupwards! (Unless he's to scared to debate with us.):)
Does society have an obligation to help the wellbeing of its own members, or is it every man for themselves? I would hold that as we are a "society" we have to be concerned with the social part of it, and work to help everyone, rather than select, even talented, individuals or packs.
Sure, but unfortunantly too few joe blows are willing to give up money for the amount of billy boys there are, and its impossible to match up the willing joe blows with needy billy boys on a large scale, and often the joe blows who can afford to give (assuming they are willing) are not in contact with the billy boys who need the gift. If people, as a whole, were as altruistic and kind as you purport, government would be unnecessary, and we'd naturally become rather utopian in a pseudo communist sort of way. But we aren't that kind, thus the need for government mandate.
You missed the whole point of my story. I was not disgusted at the poor people I was disgusted at the government under a socialist mindset. I love poor people, heck I was one for a while (and really kinda still am).  Oh, you have a problem with Socialism? Is that so?
PLEASE JUST SHUT UP WITH THIS DEBATE!!!! EVERYTIME I COME TO THE GOVT. SECTION THIS IS WHATS ON IT!!!!!!
I guess they are all scared of you?  keep up the good work.
Risk is relative.  Most rich people have rich parents, who either give them money directly or promise an inheritance. Therefore, there isn't much risk in them squandering any amount of money on a bad deal.  Conversely, if a poorer person works all the way through school to get a teaching job, they have a lot more at risk. If they fail as a teacher they have no other options- one degree, one career. If they get fired or laid off, they won't have been able to save much to fund them looking for another job.
Social security is perfect example of runway state institution. Anyone who is under 30 years old right now is being scamed by the government.   The social security contract is that the citizens pay into the system. The state will manage your money for the duration of your working career. Then when you retire the government will take care of you by returning the funds you paid into it. Textbook socialist institution, where the govenment will take responsibility of your money, then responsiblity of you when you retire.  The scam is that anyone under 30, will have no funds waiting for them in the system 30 years form now. Due to the demograpics, the baby boomers are eating up all the social security funds. Those of us under 30 will not have enough younger workers around to support us, they way we support the baby boomers.
the only reason why the younger generations may not receive social security benefits is because republicans like George W keep cutting taxes. for some odd reason, republicans LOVE deficits and hate surpluses. dont ask me why. we had a surplus every year from 1998 to 2000 and then all of a sudden our friendly president george decides to enact a multi-trillion dollar tax-cut and we are in a deficit. way to go george. there went our surplus.  i'm sure every old person from the time of FDR to the present was very pleased to receive their social security check when they turned 66 years old. if we dont continue running on a deficit, then our generation will receive a check too. and who knows, you might really really NEED it. many old people use it to help pay for their prescriptions. its easy to condemn social security when you're young, but just you wait until retirement age.  if people continue to vote republican and we continue to have a budget deficit, then hopefully when we reach retirement age, the younger generation will pay for the checks that we receive. our generation is not nearly as large as the baby boomers either.
Originally posted by fallingupwards    i'm sure every old person from the time of FDR to the present was very pleased to receive their social security check when they turned 66 years old. if we dont continue running on a deficit, then our generation will receive a check too. and who knows, you might really really NEED it. many old people use it to help pay for their prescriptions. its easy to condemn social security when you're young, but just you wait until retirement age.    When FDR started social security he was betting that most americans would not be around to collect. The average life span at the time was below 66 years. Since then americans have been insulting the state and disrupting it's plans by not dying young enough.
Falling you propose to increase my taxes. Well then why don't just knock on my door and take the money out of my wallet. That is in effect what your propose.  Example:  (knock knock) Hello my name is Falling. I am here to help the poor. I am here to take your money.  At this point I start shooting and call 911 to arrest a thief.  VS.  (knock knock) Hello my name is Falling. I am here to help the poor. Can you help me?  At this point I decide if I want to. If I decide the cause is worthy I do.
i said that the reason why social security is in trouble is because taxes are being cut. we dont need to increase taxes to support social security. just dont run a deficit, and you will be fine.
Social security has been in trouble before GW was in office. This problem cuts across political parties.  If social security left me alone, I would do a better job of taking care of my own retirement.  In any case it is a broken institution. It is floundering now, in a few more years in will be completely dead broke. How do you fix it?  You can't. It has become a 2000 lb gorilla with a mind of it's own. Perfect example of what happens when government gets big. Give the government a little bit of authority and they don't give it back.
republicans have been spending money that has been reserved for social security for decades. dont you remember the 2000 election? al gore said he wanted to keep social security in a "lockbox" and not touch it. democrats want to leave the money alone, republicans want to spend it and give out tax cuts. common sense tells us that if you cut taxes AND spend money, there will be a deficit. why do republicans like deficits???  the next thing i say might be stretching it a little, but maybe its not too far off. i would not be surprised if republicans and conservatives WANT social security to be a failure. yes, you heard me right...they WANT it to fail. why? because if it works, then that is a score for big government. republicans spend money and make huge tax cuts in order to run a budget deficit. you cannot have your cake and eat it too. republicans seem to think you can. they live in a fantasy world.  even alan greenspan knows what the republicans are doing. i never would have guessed in a million years that greenspan would agree with the democrats. but he does now!! george w proposed another multi-trillion tax cut, despite the fact that we have a budget deficit!! greenspan said that this is a HUGE mistake and that cutting taxes during a deficit will take even more money from social security. i used to not like greenspan, but i respect him now. he is not blind to what the republicans are trying to do. he knows that huge tax cuts will increase the deficit and will take away from social security.
Hold it right there, Falling! We Republicans, with our huge taxes, have this habit of doubling Federal revenues. JFK was not a Republican, but he and Reagan had the right idea, and I think George does too. I think our governemnt should not ahvea surplus. If it does, too much of our money is being taken.   Social security is already a huge mess, and in California alone they are losing BILLIONS to fraud. It is time to reform our systems. This is why I like private investment accounts...
ok broker, if you dont like surpluses and if you like deficits then thats fine. but you and ur republican friends better be ready to accept responsibility if our generation does not get social security. democrats, for some odd reason:), dont like budget deficits. so its not our fault.   like i said, republicans do not want social security to work. they want it to fail. and they will do everything they can to make sure it does.
Our generation will hopefully be able to privatize social security. We only get back about 70% of what we pay in anyway. We are in wartime and just made a huge government shuffle. Now is the time to expect deficits...   Your last accusation is absurd.
I can not speak for the Republican party, but   suplus = taxation without representation  Another example:  (knock knock) I'm from the government, I am here to help. I have enough money, but give me more.  I do belive the GW tax cut is a farce. Not because it is a tax cut, but because it a tax cut on capital gains. Who made any real gains this year on the stock market? GW is flambozling tax payers, by make it sound like he really is helping people. I am willing to accept the idea that a tax cut at this moment is not a great idea, but if the government has enough it should not take anymore.  Greenspan? That is a Regan appointee...... Hmmm?
i know, doesnt that sound uncharacteristic for a reagan appointee? no tax cuts during a deficit? very un-reagan like
Consumers keep the economy going...giving them more money makes them spend.
Back to Social Security. First of all, there is no money in the fund, due to some leaders' 'brilliant' plan to use it to balance the deficit. Second, at the rate of the aging population, SS is in for a bumpy ride. Right now, 6-7 people support 1 retired person with SS. In about 20 years (don't remember exact #) it will be about 2 people for every retired person. Now that's going to be a big chunk of that pay check. And we won't even benifit for the $$ we're paying. Also, with SS, our generation (speaking for 14-24 year olds here) will be paying for the baby boomers. They, quite frankly, are a rather spoiled lot, if you don't mind me saying so. We'll be paying for everything. How are we going to support or families? More government $$? Where exactly is it going to come from?
Social Security should be an option. The government has no right to tell you what to do. Period.   Also, the government has no right to take 30% of your paycheck (income tax).
This is why I support private retirement accounts... if you start at 18 and retire at 62, you're going to have a lot of money whether you put it in stocks, bonds, or mutual funds. In the end, stocks always go up... usually by large margins. Even in some go sour... automatic sell orders, etc. The old system should still always be an option though.  You make good money when they're taking 30%... I would say they do have the right. That'd be over $150,000 income at least...
Yep... he's a socialist. And those protests are being put together by communists. You must be very angry...
there was a study on socialism done some 5 years ago; these scientists traveled the world to study the effects of socialism on society and other things relating to socialism.  a foreign embassador from the study (not sure what country) was at his last stop, the united states. after he finished he walked up to a congressman and stated that washington dc was the most socialist city in the world.  is demoracy a disguse?
Socialist systems or socialist behaviors?
systems mostlikely.
How so?
i can't recall where i saw this, all i know is that it was located inside of one of my dad's magazines... i will search his masive library for the article if you wish.
Protesting for Terrorism? Nah...protesting against that idiotic Dubya who says ticket counters fly out of airports. By the way, I believe Marx had good intentions, but the system just doesnt work.
pure communism and pure anarchy cannot exist... ever.
pure communism and pure anarchy cannot exist... ever.  Very true. Alos, I don't think pure democracy can ever succesfully exist either. All of you seem to be much more politically adept than I am, so someone please explain to me the difference between communism and socialism. I would be most grateful  "Pinko commies!" Sorry. That just seemed like Stormin's kind of quote.
pure democracy is IMPOSSIBLE  Except in small groups.
With that invention called the internet... it makes things like that a lot closer to being functional.
i stated this elswhere in the forum... don't remember where.  the u.n. was doing a world study of something that i don't remember, but it involved going to every capital city in the world. when it came time to visit washington d.c. (which was one of the last in the study) a russian, i believe, in the study, told a congressman that washington d.c. was the most socialist cities in the world.  sorry, i'm rust on explaining that story... most escapes me.
last time i explained this, i told everyone i would try and find the article... i have yet to find it. i will continue looking though. i believe it was in a magazine of mine. i didn't just pull this out of my XXX, i'm positive.
To an extent, there are in the early church, signs of communal ownership. The Book of Acts shows where money was pooled, and dished out by church officials on a needs basis.  Christ said "Blessed are the meek". Christ over-threw the money tables in the temple. Christ said the love of money is the root of all evil.  Christ said that we should feed the starving, visit the imprisoned, in general, to look after those in need.  Many people have tried to marry Christ's message to Communism.  Some points of difference exist. These are important. One being Christianity is actually more concerned about welfare in the next life. Communism makes claim only to the here and now.  Furthermore, Marxist communism is fairly atheistic. It believes that man is perfectible; that through class struggle we can obtain an earthly (worker's) paradise. Christianity says that man is a sinner, and can never, through his own efforts, achieve perfection.  As well...Christ frequently stopped his missionary work. He stopped tending to the poor, to go to pray. He did this because our ultimate goal is to be close to God. Trying to become more like God can manifest itself in doing good works, but the works themselves are not the ends.  I am politically left-wing. I believe that this is more 'Christ-like'. I have many difficulties though with my fellow left-wingers; mainly on issues of morality. Although I am tolerant (insofar as I don't advocate violence), I am not in that I will tell people that I believe that they are wrong.  Is it possible to be left-wing and Christian? Most 'Christians' seem to be politically right-wing.
To an extent, there are in the early church, signs of communal ownership. The Book of Acts shows where money was pooled, and dished out by church officials on a needs basis.  Christ said "Blessed are the meek". Christ over-threw the money tables in the temple. Christ said the love of money is the root of all evil.  Christ said that we should feed the starving, visit the imprisoned, in general, to look after those in need.  Many people have tried to marry Christ's message to Communism.  Some points of difference exist. These are important. One being Christianity is actually more concerned about welfare in the next life. Communism makes claim only to the here and now.  Furthermore, Marxist communism is fairly atheistic. It believes that man is perfectible; that through class struggle we can obtain an earthly (worker's) paradise. Christianity says that man is a sinner, and can never, through his own efforts, achieve perfection.  As well...Christ frequently stopped his missionary work. He stopped tending to the poor, to go to pray. He did this because our ultimate goal is to be close to God. Trying to become more like God can manifest itself in doing good works, but the works themselves are not the ends.  I am politically left-wing. I believe that this is more 'Christ-like'. I have many difficulties though with my fellow left-wingers; mainly on issues of morality. Although I am tolerant (insofar as I don't advocate violence), I am not in that I will tell people that I believe that they are wrong.  Is it possible to be left-wing and Christian? Most 'Christians' seem to be politically right-wing.   The perfect governmet for christians is theocracy. None exist anymore. This paralels communism but the chair person in communism becomes dictator, and the chair person in a theocracy is God. God through his preist governs the land and the disrubution of goods.
The perfect governmet for christians is theocracy. None exist anymore. This paralels communism but the chair person in communism becomes dictator, and the chair person in a theocracy is God. God through his preist governs the land and the disrubution of goods.  I don't mean to be pedantic. I believe that the most perfectable government for Christians would be theocracy.  As a Christian I understand that any government formed by man can never be perfect. Therefore even a theocracy is liable to have imperfection.  I do believe such a system is preferrable.  However at the end of the day; and this is why I'm not on protests all the time; the task for a Christian is to be closer to Christ. Some of this involves prayer and separation from the world.  This is why I think Christianity and Communism will always be divergent - their goals are too far apart.
A theocracy could use economic communism by controlling all the means of production in the nation.
A theocracy could use economic communism by controlling all the means of production in the nation.  This is very true.  I was wondering too when starting this post why it is that there seems to be a huge hatred between both camps.  I see a lot of born-again Christians who suck up to right-wing politicians who themselves are against social justice issues.  I guess I started this post in an attempt to raise discussion to show that left-wing politics are more Christian - with regards to life here on earth (although in the end their ultimate aims are different)
Liberation theology. They're christian communists.
Sure I guess in the end you can say 'yes' you can be Christian and Communist.  I guess I worded by questions incorrectly. I might have said "What are the difficulties that arise in reconcilling these two philosophies"  The major differences I find are a) the nature of man b) the desired ends   With a) Most communists seem to think that a perfectable society can come about. Most Christiasns seem to believe that such a spciety is impossible; owing to the fact that we are imperfectable (without God), ourselves  With b) Most communists look no further than an earthly goald Most Christians look to a goal not in this life but the next.   But what I would also like to know is why does it seem to be much easier to marry Christianity to conservative politicians?  I believe Christ came to upset the apple cart.
Hello everyone,  I am not an american, and I'm in a middle of discussion here about American democracy. It is believed that America is an example of democracy, human rights and freedoms. It is believed that American constitution is one of the most democratic. Is this true for in the 21st century? I know it started this way, but what is it like now? Is it still the same, or is it just an image, an appearance of democracy, but inside it's really not?   What do you think?
Hello everyone,  I am not an american, and I'm in a middle of discussion here about American democracy. It is believed that America is an example of democracy, human rights and freedoms. It is believed that American constitution is one of the most democratic. Is this true for in the 21st century? I know it started this way, but what is it like now? Is it still the same, or is it just an image, an appearance of democracy, but inside it's really not?   What do you think?  It all depends on how you view democracy. Its very, very hard to compare actual level of democracy when none seem to agree on what "rule of the people" actually means in practice..
OKay, here are some definitions. 1 a  : government by the people; especially : rule of the majority b : a government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised by them directly or indirectly through a system of representation usually involving periodically held free elections 2 : a political unit that has a democratic government 3 capitalized : the principles and policies of the Democratic party in the U.S. 4  : the common people especially when constituting the source of political authority 5  : the absence of hereditary or arbitrary class distinctions or privileges  source: www.m-w.com
Democracy is just mob rule by ballot. Mobocracy. Rule by the lowest common denominator. It is of course better than Totalitarianism but has been called an elective dictatorship. Dumbed down masses and people easily swayed by liberal rhetoric assures that very rarely do intelligent policies prevail.  Politicians prey on the public's gullibility and greed, invariably using taxpayers money to buy votes. Ideally there would be two planets. One for those who believe in big governement and one for those who support Capitalism as the two are mutually exclusive and there can be no reconciliation between them, only friction. Liberals cannot be reasoned with as this fora and all others so clearly illustrates. In fact liberalism is exposed as a mental illness, a malignant cancer on the body politic. Socialists and liberals need the Capitalist system to parasite off, but Capitalism does not need Socialism.  The governemnt that is big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take away everything you've got - and is in the process of doing just that.  A perfect example of the insanity of liberals is the anti war so called peace protests going on around the globe today. People are marching with Che Guevara posters, placards of Marx, the far left organise such marches and exploit our free society to undermine it. Terrorists exploit our freedoms to wage war against us. Many such terrorists are in London right now plotting the downfall of the West (whilst living off our insane welfare system) and the liberals are their useful XXXXXX, the so called intellectual foot soldiers who used to support the tyrannical Soviet system 20 years ago and are clearly still pining for it.  So I don't hold out any hope for our Democracy. It should be replaced by a free market Capitalist system,which upholds individual rights, with limited government shorn of its Socialist infrastructure. However MR Ukraine, I rather suspect that is not the answer you were looking for.
Monarchy; single ruler Oligarchy: rule by a select few Democracy: government by the people  The USA is republic (a form of democracy). Nowhere in our constitution will you find the word &#8220;democracy&#8221;. What we have is considered a democratic form of government, but is not a true democracy. There are safeties in place, such as the electoral college, to prevent "mob rule".  Our pledge of allegiance is, &#8220;I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic  for which it stands,&#8230;for all.&#8221;
However MR Ukraine, I rather suspect that is not the answer you were looking for. Nick, I am not looking for the specific answer, neither I have a correct answer. I just want to hear your opinions. See, we arguing are not americans. And it's not objective if we judge it upon our own presuppositions. Therefore I asked you. Actually, you had a profound answer. Kind of bitter, but I'm not going to judge your answers. Thanks for posting it. I am not even going to argue with any answers because I don't think I know enough to argue about american democracy.  Our pledge of allegiance is, &#8220;I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands,&#8230;for all.&#8221; Well see, "democracy" is not a form of government. So you can't pledge allegiance to something that's not government (a particular form of government).
Persoanlly, I think that America was at one time a lot more democratic than it is now. I think that the evolution of a two party system and large scale involvement of special interests in our political system has done great damage to democracy in AMerica.
...  Well see, "democracy" is not a form of government. So you can't pledge allegiance to something that's not government (a particular form of government).  As I listed in my first post on this thread, there are three forms of government, one of which is democracy. The USA is a democratic republic, a form of democracy wherein mob rule is prevented by certain measures that preclude "majority rule by votes" for some issues.  For example, bills in the House and Senate are subject to majority rule votes. In the Senate there are 100 senators, presided over by the Vice President. Should the senators which a 50/50 stalemate on any issue, the VP casts the deciding vote. This is an example of majority rule.  In the case of a constitutional amendment, 2/3 of the states must ratify it.  In the case of trial by jury, there are usually 12 jurors, ALL of which must vote the same in order to determine guilt or nonguilt.  And yes, our pledge of allegiance is to the flag AND the republic. The republic is most definitely a form of government. It is a form of government wherein the people govern themselves, therefore classified as a democracy.   Remember, there are only three forms of government. There are subforms within each of these three.
How does less regulation increase then number of companies?   Without strong regulation, what is stopping a company from simply stomping competitors out of the market and achieving government hands off monopoly?   Large corporations are essentially are a antithesistical system to capitalism. Companies such as walmart, Microsoft, Standard Oil and others have all sought to knock out competition by almost any means possible. Walmart practices a nasty form of competition removal by drastically lowering prices to decimate every competitor for 5 miles before jacking the prices up significently. I don't think anyone needs a lesson in how Microsoft operates. SO was notorious for buying out, illegally often, competitors.   Lots of regulation is obviously bad for captialism, but so is little regulation, it appears like everything in this world, that moderation must be achieved for a happy existance.
I don't think I asserted this, and I wouldn't say regulations...perhaps taxes.  You didn't. theLIBERTARIAN did.     Is this something you have seen before or is it something you believe will happen?   Alcoa, I believe, once had a fairly big share of the metal market, but there was always a competitor out there keeping Alcoa busy. Again, I can't, and I won't fight for copyright companies/issues.  Alcoa has been getting it's butt kicked not because of metal, but because of Glass and to a lesser degree Plastic (which is pretty funny in my opinion, considering they are cleaner indusries and Alcoa uses some pretty nasty process) Standard Oil has done what I said and Walmart tpyically resorts to methods that essentially stomp out all competition.    I don't see a capitalism definition as isolating to 'large corporations'.  Large corporations I see are those who actively attempt to keep competition low. Capitalism I see is the notion of a free market, where it is easy for compeititon to arise, and a large number of competitiors exist in a certain market.    Many businesses do this, I think it's just a matter of competition. If they all just had the same prices, then they wouldn't compete.  Such as? I haven't heard of any other business that artifically lowers it's prices, even to the point where it is taking a substantially loss, to get rid of all compeitition then raising prices drastically. Their ability to absorb losses better then mom and pop allows them to dumb products at abnornmally low prices.   [qupte] I don't agree with Microsofts right to an idea. Although you can quote that as a negation to regulation in my books.[/quote]  Such as patenting "Window?"   I don't like vague ideals, as they are often dangerous. If they can be defined and looked at they can be proven and supported. I'd much rather hold the skeptical view, which is force is unneccessary.  What forms of regulation do you support?
I will say, I don't typically venture into the evils of business. Your thoughts are always welcomed.  Well, there is a first for everything.    Well, see here's where I'm sure you understand the practical nature of all this. I got to say that corporations are generally needed in the economy, just for the reason that many industries/people depend on a highly productive/financed business. Many small business fall short of our current paradigm.  I don't have a problem with the idea of a corporation, but many modern corporations have systems that are dubious in the realm of ethics. However, many are very clean, such as Costco. Heck they opened a gas station that was a 5-10 cents cheaper and none of the gas stations around have gone out of business, and that was a 18 months ago! Now, walmart opened up a store in my state and within several months virtually every smaller store that competed with them went out of business because of their activities in a 5 mile radius. The idea of a corporation is not inherently bad, it is their activites in terms of competition that warrant the evil/good labels. Yes, most small businesses fail, but that doesn't mean that small business is a bad idea. For at least half of America's history, the country was dominated by small business.    It's like Jefferson saying farming should be the primary nature of America, it just isn't that simple. But yeah, many corporations want to get rid of competition.  Life is never that simple, but it would be interesting to see most large corporations embrace true capitalism.    Hell, my buddy sells furniture from China to contractors, and it's cheaper then chips. *overemphasis* This guy will out sell anyone around here, and it shows in pocketbook. He plans to run a bank in the next 20 years. I'm sure he will.  That is a truer capitalism then big business runs.    Although I will note that many of the advantages he holds is by virtue of the Chinese government...even though I might conceive them as vices.  ahhahaha. That's pretty funny.    You got it.  Thank someone for the rationality of the courts. It's bad enough that Trump wanted to patent "you're fired," and the hoax of Metallica wanting to patent the key "G," but c'mon what is wrong with this system?    On business in general:  *Regulations on nucleur facilities/possible military weapons systems. Just to make sure they're not used for ill-purposes domestically.  Alright. Sounds reasonable.    *A general regulation that forbids any 'forced' labor on children. I believe they should be able to work, I just don't think they should be forced. I just don't think of children as slaves. I'm sure most of you will agree.  Hmmm. Forced as in? Family needs the money, so the kid has to work? Or completely voluntary?    *All 'objective' harm to the enviroment e.g oil spills as theLibertarian was referring to.  Most rational people won't disagree with this one.   *Absolutely no government subsidies in the private sector or laws favoring business enterprises. Ain't that a kicker for regulations. Is this one? hmmm  How about for education? I don't have problems with government research funds to universities, private or public, considering that we need the research they are doing, even if it is run like a business. That's probably the only exception to the subsidaries I can think of.
They could always chose to stay with the small shops.  What is amazing, and incredibly saddening is that price is more important than anything else. Wal-mart has used Chinese prison slave labor, child sweat shops, sexist policies, and other very dubious acts, but people still choose them over more ethical competition because of price. Morals and ethics are chump change when it comes to low prices.    Give technology a little more time, and you might see something special.  We'll see.  As in the kid does it voluntarily.  That would be hard to prove though. A kid could simply lie to you out of fear.   Then again, I don't think that's conceivable if not pooled into the general funds;  It's not. Education, from K-12 and higher is incredibly expensive. Most private schools and universities live on the donations of their alumni. My private highschool was short $2,000 after tuition. $60 million short every year.
 Eminent Domain is the Constitution, and is a method for the state to take land and use it for their purposes. I don't mind that usually, but many times the cities will use this authority to take land (usually from the smaller business person) and give it to Costco.  Many cities have taken it a step further. Cities have enacted legislation that permits the creation of Redevelopment Agencies. These agencies typically take land (the pay fair market value or more of course) and sell it to a larger corporation. I have yet to see these agencies take land from a Large Corporation like Costco and give it to the small companies.    Our city just settled an eminent domain lawsuit (in favor of the original land owner) that was seven years old. There are three other lawsuits pending on the same issue, property valuation. Redevelopment agencies actually have the ability to pay assessed value for property condemned under eminent domain legislation, disregarding market prices 'for the good of the community'. When the property owner files a lawsuit to recover the difference between assessed and market value (the assessed valuation can't be accepted by the property owner as it constitues acceptance of the terms), the public agency merely uses its deep pockets to drag it out until the property owner is financially ruined and settles for peanuts. The old adage of 'You can't fight city hall' has become even more of a truism now that they have virtually unlimited empowerment to take private property and ruin the property owner in the process.
 Maybe we should do a pole and find out what kind of cars everyone drives. I have a large Ford Diesel truck, a Dodge Full Size Van and a Saturn.  We have a German family car, I drive a Japanese p/u truck and have three much older American hobby trucks. I haven't purchased a US marque vehicle in many, many years, primarily due to low quality and poor resale value. I buy for quality and find few American made products that measure up to imports, as US companies cut quality in attempts to make up the difference in labor/benefits/compliance in cost of goods. As an example, Chinese bearings are now the world standard. If you want a US made bearing, it has to be special ordered and costs double the imported product. I find that typical in most product lines. We now live in a world economy.   I wouldn't be quite so harsh on emerging industrial nations. Considering that it hasn't been all that long ago that we used children for manufacturing labor and women had no legal rights added to the fact that it was only 40-years when ago we segregated our public schools, it does sound a little righteous.
ps: The prisons in our state now compete with private industry in everything from body work to graphics and printing. Using prison labor paid pennies per hour.
If it makes you feel better, I don't shop with them. Probably because I don't have one around, but I guess you can say I'm not much of a consumer...I don't believe it's the 'American way'.  Consumerism is quite disturbing. Ethics and morals all go out the window when the right price comes around.    Well, your thinking with a given market of a few. Public school is monopoly, and the price is way out of line according to the real demand. I'm quite sure that it would adjust accordingly...hell, if one could afford a computer, then one can afford an education via online.  Public school isn't a real monopoly. You don't HAVE to go to public school, you can be homeschooled as well as private.   Education online? For elementary students? Is that such a good idea?
Even libertarians must keep in mind the existence of natural monopolies, that is, monopolies such as power plants, roads, etc. that can not be efficient and competitive at the same time. I personally believe that these monopolies should be state-owned, and these should be the only state-owned businesses, and the private sector should encompass all that is competitive.
Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   A common misconception is that less taxes means more jobs. This is wrong, because the government creates jobs to. Every tax dollar goes towards creating jobs in one way or another. Some of it creates jobs directly (teachers, policeman, etc), and some of it goes back into the private economy via government contracts.   If a country has to much socialism, then the country goes into a steady decline. However if the country has to much capitolism, then it inevitably goes into a depression. Therefore you cant have to much of eithier one. The US economy is bending a bit more towards capitolism then socialism, and as a result, our economy is instable. It traditionally has had high booms, and low recessions (outsourcing may mean the age of booms is over). A fairly socialist country like Canada however, has a very level economy.  The reasons for this are: Socialism ensures that the economy will always have a core spending population. This assists the private economy by making sure that there will always be steady number of consumers, but it also saps the private economy at the same time because of its steep taxation. In Canada, this socialism has made sure that the economy is almost always ok (as opposed to good or bad).  Capitolism however, allows most of the economy to go into private industry. Private industry is always a risky thing, so therefore it goes up and down.   In a dollar to dollar ratio, Socialism is far more effective at creating jobs because:  There is no outsourcing, and there isnt a bunch of executives (and stock holders) at the top soaking up vast amounts of the companys income for personal use.   I would argue that a stable ok economy (that has little or no unemployment), is better then a floppy instable economy like ours.
Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   A common misconception is that less taxes means more jobs. This is wrong, because the government creates jobs to. Every tax dollar goes towards creating jobs in one way or another. Some of it creates jobs directly (teachers, policeman, etc), and some of it goes back into the private economy via government contracts.   If a country has to much socialism, then the country goes into a steady decline. However if the country has to much capitolism, then it inevitably goes into a depression. Therefore you cant have to much of eithier one. The US economy is bending a bit more towards capitolism then socialism, and as a result, our economy is instable. It traditionally has had high booms, and low recessions (outsourcing may mean the age of booms is over). A fairly socialist country like Canada however, has a very level economy.  The reasons for this are: Socialism ensures that the economy will always have a core spending population. This assists the private economy by making sure that there will always be steady number of consumers, but it also saps the private economy at the same time because of its steep taxation. In Canada, this socialism has made sure that the economy is almost always ok (as opposed to good or bad).  Capitolism however, allows most of the economy to go into private industry. Private industry is always a risky thing, so therefore it goes up and down.   In a dollar to dollar ratio, Socialism is far more effective at creating jobs because:  There is no outsourcing, and there isnt a bunch of executives (and stock holders) at the top soaking up vast amounts of the companys income for personal use.   I would argue that a stable ok economy (that has little or no unemployment), is better then a floppy instable economy like ours.  I don't think our economy is a good example of anything when abnormal military expenditures and excessive public debt are mixed into the definition.
I don't think our economy is a good example of anything when abnormal military expenditures and excessive public debt are mixed into the definition.  In the way I was phraseing, I meant that it was a good example of what happens when you practise a certain economic stradegy. This does not in anyway mean, that I think it is a good economy. If we are to interpret a good economy merely by its wealth, then we have the best economy in the world. However, if we are to interpret a good economy by the prosperity of the people who live in it, were are only mediocore (a great deal of our wealth is absorbed by the upper class).
In the way I was phraseing, I meant that it was a good example of what happens when you practise a certain economic stradegy. This does not in anyway mean, that I think it is a good economy. If we are to interpret a good economy merely by its wealth, then we have the best economy in the world. However, if we are to interpret a good economy by the prosperity of the people who live in it, were are only mediocore (a great deal of our wealth is absorbed by the upper class).  Agreed. The lower class also fails to realize that with a volunteer military at war they become the sole source of cannon fodder and that the wealthy pay disproportionate taxes for legislation to contain the lower and middle classes by duping them with the American Dream.
Now for the truely interesting debate. Am I being a devils advocate? emoticon_confused
Now for the truely interesting debate. Am I being a devils advocate? emoticon_confused  Not from my viewpoint, but flag wavers who support current US administration policies tend to avoid economic discussions for obvious reasons. Throw in some religious morality, political labels, deny end justifying the means philosophy and you can fulfill your namesake role.
All being said, the only real differences in economic models between Canada and the US are  1 Public corporations, certain industries have a high share of government ownership in Canada. Generally in industries that will likely have a natural monolpoly, like electrical distribution, water and sewer services, and in some provinces electrical power generation. At times certain industries had a government owned company in the field, most notably Petro Canada, since sold and Air Canada, also sold and having since gone bankrupt. Petro Canada was used to insure that Canadian oil would have at least one major (for Canada) oil company. Air Canada, probably needed during the begining of the airline industry in Canada, but that god it was sold  2. Social services, most notably health care. Health care in Canada for the most part is strongly controlled by the government and provides generally equal care for all but the wealthy (who if needed will travel to the US for more expensive care in a private hospital). Overall I view social services (excluding health care) as have being somewhat excessive during the 80's and early 90's, causing a disincentive for people to work. This has changed while still providing for most of the people who really need it. We still have homelessness, and with the very fast rise in housing values during the last 8 years or so, it has increased quite a bit. Calgary having built two new and large homeless shelters ( Very nice looking buildings) that can house a few hundred homeless at a time still has people sleeping on the streets.  The Canadian governments involvement in the economy has not helped Canada's economy remain stable, it has been the US governments involvement in the economy that has created the strong economic conditions in Canada. The loose economic policies along with the overvalued dollar in the US during the last 8 years has allowed Canada to form an overall trade surplus ( mainly with the US).   Socialism, or social welfare when set a high level destroys the profit motive which generally causes people to inovate to reduce costs and create new products. This lack of inovation will lead to an overall stagnation in an economy, desptite any good intentions.  The US however has become to short sighted for its own good. It government and many corporations are looking at short term profits instead of long term sustainablity of the economy or of the company. It would appear that the core economic activity in the US is now Short term enjoyment for long term pain.  DA, your idea of a stable economy with limited ups and downs is the mantra of almost all governments including the US. Greenspan has been pumping money into the US economy in order to prevent an obivious recesion, the federal government is borrowing money at very high levels in order to keep America working. They have been doing this since the internet bubble burst and will by all accounts continue untill China and Japan say stop.  As a side note, untill recently ( last 10 years) as America goes Canada goes. When the US economy was doing well, the Canadian economy was doing well. The bubble of the internet and tech industry changed that initially ( the effects of the bubble still has not hit the US the way that it will) Now China's growth is also changing the dynamics.
The US however has become to short sighted for its own good. It government and many corporations are looking at short term profits instead of long term sustainablity of the economy or of the company. It would appear that the core economic activity in the US is now Short term enjoyment for long term pain.   I would have to argue that short-term results have, since the remarkable US prosperity following WW2, always driven US corporate performance. During my corporate tenure quarterly and annual results were all that really counted. Five-year plans were always in place, but the here and now commanded most assets. There have always been the giants who placed reserves and future planning on an equal plane with current business, but for the most part public companies worshiped equity market demands.   The composition of most public companies places a high demand on ability to secure debt for capitalization and operating purposes. The majority of that debt, especially revolving lines of credit and bond issues, is based on equity position, determined by balance sheet stock (ownership) value driven by quarterly and annual earning statements. Maintaining that value is the primary responsibility of all corporate officers. During times of high prosperity, not a difficult job. During declining prosperity, as evidenced by massive corporate fraud primarily motivated by false earnings statements over the past few years, the men are separated from the boys and crooks.   I offer no excuses for the cyclical management style of US public corporations, I'm just pointing out that there hasn't really been any real change in management style, just that the US lost world industrial dominance and is now paying the piper for extended, explosive growth without an eye to the future. I could expound on the influence of massive equity funds driving corporate earnings encouraged by government using dimwitted investor pre-tax money to drive a transaction oriented economy, but that's a different topic.
I fully agree, which is why I put the government first in that list. A good government understands short term policies at the expense of long term growth is poor for a nation.  During the Reagan years, who at the time I thought was a good president with good economic policies ( understand that I was still in elementary school when Reagan was elected). The government lost this perspective for long term economic policies. This is generally expressed by the growth in the trade deficiet, and the change from America being a creditor nation to a debtor nation. Suprisingly enough no government since then has made any attempts to change this shortsightedness. The only thing that I believe the PNAC crew that leads GWB is good for is their long term thinking ( admitedly as poor in execution it appears)  This I believe will lead to the Argentinafication of the US.
I fully agree, which is why I put the government first in that list. A good government understands short term policies at the expense of long term growth is poor for a nation.  During the Reagan years, who at the time I thought was a good president with good economic policies ( understand that I was still in elementary school when Reagan was elected). The government lost this perspective for long term economic policies. This is generally expressed by the growth in the trade deficiet, and the change from America being a creditor nation to a debtor nation. Suprisingly enough no government since then has made any attempts to change this shortsightedness. The only thing that I believe the PNAC crew that leads GWB is good for is their long term thinking ( admitedly as poor in execution it appears)  This I believe will lead to the Argentinafication of the US.  During the Regan years our manufacturing industry still had enough sophistication and remaining markets to respond to a tax cut. Unfortunately, the somewhat limited general public has been led to believe that tax cuts are good, not understanding that if they don't recapture lost tax revenue and contribute new wealth to a nation they're failures. That was a brief 'last harrah' of new wealth entering the US and we've since been concentrating on shedding our wealth through trade deficits and military spending, using unreasonable public debt to meet operating expenses.   I hope our decline is as cushioned as that of Argentina. We seem determined to further alienate our creditors and the rest of the international community by our military aggression in forcing our ideology on smaller nations unable to defend themselves. The current US economic structure is so large and so heavily dominated by consumer and government spending that a gradual standard of living reduction in lower and middle classes might be very difficult to achieve.
 Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   There are so many types of socialism that blanket statements like the above are kinda inaccurate. There are also varients of capitalism.  Not all socialism controls everything.
As a red blooded american (didn't the soviets call themselves red-blooded too right?) I despise communism in all forms (except chinese communism which supplies us with cheap goods) but since i am creating some abrasion in socialist britain where i currently live i wish to learn more about the principals of marxism so i can understand what i hate. thanx  LOL. Okay buddy, first of all Communism has never been tried anywhere in the planet during any era. Second of all, China wasn't never Communistic, but Maoist and now is basically a mix of heavy state control and basic capitalism with little worker, consumer and enviromental protection laws. The USSR was never communist either, but Stalinist and Leninst.   Of course that doesn't mean it will work, Communism, opposed to communism is anti-human behavior. Lower case communism is how most people refer to Communism but don't exactly understand the differences.  First of all Communism is basically rule by the poleterian (worker), not rule by a few central people like Lenin, Stalin, Mao, and a few others.   Second Communism requires a completely different mindset then the one capitalistic countries grew up with. There is no sense of private ownership, but complete public ownership. It's not easy to understand or conceptualize in the beginning. communism in practice had public property for the majority, and wealth and private for the ruling class.   Third, everyone is basically trying to look out for everyone else. Once again, very contrary to cutthroat capitalism. To each their own, meaning everyone produces for the good of the entire community. If you need 5 loaves of bread for your family, you get 5, and if you need 2, you get two, regardless of your personal productivity. Hence why the entire idea of Communism is anti-innovation.
What do you want to know about marxism? It`s a rather huge subject, so perhaps if you where more specific, I, or someone else, could try to help you out.
Duo Maxwell- What you seem to be saying is that Communism works well in theory, on paper. The problem is the world doesn't exist on paper. It is not simply  a problem with the way it was "interpreted," it is inherent problems with the idea itself.  I don't think so. Communism will work: just not with humans. Communism would require a species that is inherently alturistic, which obviously excludes us. The closes thing we got to Commnusim is alturistic societies in the Andes, and even then it doesn't work that well. But the point is communism would require a completely different mindset.
Pardon what may come across as rude but-- whoop-dee-doo. It doesn't really matter if it could work with non-humans does it?  Yes it does matter. Many opponents declare that Communism is a failed system that can never work. I disagree, it can work, it just requires a foregin, if not alien mindset, hence why it will not work in humans, but to clarify that isn't entire correct. We do have instances of alutristic communism in some tribes in the Andes which have suvirved for thousands of years. they are technologically backwards, but that is expected with Communsim. However, on the whole it won't work with humans, but that does not mean the system is absolutely flawed.  I realize the differences between Communism and Capitalism, as well as their impacts upon government social structures.
Yes i know that China and russia were never communist but they were covered as that under a blanket statement Lenin adapted his ideas from communism and Mao adapted his ideas from the U.S.S.R and to you eddie i wanted to know anybodys opinions and their reasons for their opinion  I find the neo-marxist approach to political science interesting and useful. Largely because it accuratly describes and accounts for certain important underlying structures of our contemporary world. It is also flecxible enough to apply to more than just issues concerning economic classes.  I find marxist approach to economics interesting from a historic point of view, but not that useful. Basicly that is because many of the assumptions and predictions marxism made has since been falsefied and I have yet to see any rendition of the theories of old into anything useful.  I find Communism, as a state-less utopia based on solidarity and community, void of property ownership and class conflict a beutiful idea. But I don`t think it can be achieved through pursuing the socialistic state of pure governmental ownership of the means of production. In fact, I`m quite sceptic that it ever can be achieved (regardless of how you pursue it)  I find the stalinist and maoist attempts to interpret marxism and apply it to the real world one of the largest attrocities commited throughout modern history. Not only to the hundreds of thousands in the Gulabs and chinese prisons or the millions of victims of starvation or political violence, but also to all of those who actually believed in the proletarian revulotion and where sourly dissapointed when they found themselves slavering in the iron-mines i Kaukasus or working in the rice-fields with a gun-barrel as the only motivation for working harder.  I find Socialism, as a practice of democratic ownership of means of production and re-distribution of resources from the more productive or wealthy to the less productive and poor as a good tool to build a succesful society. But as with any tool, it shouldn`t be used in every situation, but only when and where appropriate. When using the tool of socialism, you are most often distorting the effects of the other tools of market forces. This needs to be considered as the market forces have one important attribute, efficiency.   There`s a summarise of my oppinions and reasons for having them. How do you feel about marxism, socialism and communism, and why?
 I find Socialism, as a practice of democratic ownership of means of production and re-distribution of resources from the more productive or wealthy to the less productive and poor as a good tool to build a succesful society. But as with any tool, it shouldn`t be used in every situation, but only when and where appropriate. When using the tool of socialism, you are most often distorting the effects of the other tools of market forces. This needs to be considered as the market forces have one important attribute, efficiency.    I like your definitions, agree that Marxism and various interpretations of same are doomed to failure for the stated reasons and would like to take the issue of socialism in developed nations to a question point:  The degree of distortion enabled by socialism and other market forces is always the key to a successful mix of contemporary governing processes. Most nations went from modern feudalism to common land ownership only in the past 4-500 years as a means of broadening tax bases to facilitate so-called public services such as national military forces and infrastructure improvements. Direct public services to individuals, limited socialism combined with capitalism for my point, is very recent, prompted by the industrial revolution enriching a limited number of nations to a point where tax revenue was directed at social engineering. As those nations now show very definite signs of economic maturity to a point where limited efficiency can no longer support ever increasing demands of socialism, what's the next step in restoring a balance? Or will any change be dictated by market forces?
I like your definitions, agree that Marxism and various interpretations of same are doomed to failure for the stated reasons and would like to take the issue of socialism in developed nations to a question point:  The degree of distortion enabled by socialism and other market forces is always the key to a successful mix of contemporary governing processes. Most nations went from modern feudalism to common land ownership only in the past 4-500 years as a means of broadening tax bases to facilitate so-called public services such as national military forces and infrastructure improvements. Direct public services to individuals, limited socialism combined with capitalism for my point, is very recent, prompted by the industrial revolution enriching a limited number of nations to a point where tax revenue was directed at social engineering. As those nations now show very definite signs of economic maturity to a point where limited efficiency can no longer support ever increasing demands of socialism, what's the next step in restoring a balance? Or will any change be dictated by market forces?  I think the biggest threat (and best hope) for socialism we currently have is the perception of a globalizing economy where impeded capital movements will force countries to compete with eachother in order to attract foreign investments and retain domestic investments. This perception, while largely unfounded, has given even the more socialistic governments in europe an argument, or scapegoat if you will, to use in order to motivate unpopular cuts in social spending and reforms of corrupt and broken systems. If used correctly, it could be used to reform the vast social safety nets to become more efficient, more consistent, less exploitable and perhaps even less generous. What this would mean is probably quite country specific. For Germany it could mean a reform for the labour market. In France it could mean a reform of the agricultural and "small-town" polycies. In Denmark, Sweden and Norway it could mean lower but more enforced taxes, less and more monitored transfers and more emphasize on governmental production of goods and services. In the US it could perhaps mean a reform of the transfer and labour systems that results in a large dependant class. Simply put; the globalization card could be played to achieve political support for un-popular reforms that would restore the efficiency of the various polito-economic systems we have throughout the western world. It could also be used in order to moderate the increasing demand for governmentally produced services that doesn`t improve productivity as fast as the industrial production.   Or perhaps the new wave of information technology will deliver some form of sollution where governmental services could improve productivity as fast as the private manufacturing sector. Allthough I strongly doubt it.
On top of everything else, this kind of thing isn't wholly Marxism either.   True, it's not, but it is far closer then what the USSR or China got to.  Marxism as a pure idea doesn't have flaws. When it is applied to humans, then it is us who have the flaws. That doesn't make us inherently bad, but merely that the idea cannot be practically applied to us.
You obviously didn't see my two examples. These are only two among many. Have you read Marx? It doesn't sound like it. It sounds like you have heard Marx through someone elses perspective and just taken that on. But if you have and you thought it was flawless and perfect than you are looking at it through extremely rose-colored glasses. You are not being realistic.  One could make the argument that Marxism as a theory lacks apparant flaws in its internal logic and therfor is theoreticly flawless. And that the problem arise when trying to explain, apply or compare reality with the marxist theory as it doesn`t describe the reality accuratly. This is more or less true for any economic, political, sociological, historic or philosophical theory.
Pardon me, but so what if it lacks flaws in its internal logic.   A theory should at least be expected to have a consistent internal logic. Otherwise, the theory is in bug trouble.   You say that the problem arises when trying to apply it to reality. Well, what does any "economic, political, sociological, historic, or philosophical theory" matter if one can't apply it to relaity.  They matter because they may be applicable to a certain extent and they may explain certain phenomenons. I can`t think of a single large theory that describes social phenomenons completly accurate in every situation.  That is their purpose. If you can't apply them, then they are useless. They aren't meant to be little entities unto themselves.   This I agree with. But marxist theory can still be applied to certain situations and "succesfully" explain situations or phenomenons. You just can`t build a system of it (and once again I can`t think off a single theory or ideology that could be used to construct a perfect society)   What matters is that it was meant to, and has been, applied to governmental systems-"reality"-and it doesn't work.   Not really. There are many other uses of marxist theory than to simply create a society with the communist manifesto as a blue-print.  And, because I apparently need to state this in every post, it isn't just because humans are flawed, it is because the theory is flawed.  Ah, yes, once again I agree. It is flawed for that particular purpose of creating a society based on its assumptions and conclussions.
It sounds like you have heard Marx through someone elses perspective and just taken that on.  I had it taught to me by a US professor (vastly conservative too) who specalization in European history was Russia.   But if you have and you thought it was flawless and perfect than you are looking at it through extremely rose-colored glasses.  Everything is flawless and perfect as a idea. It is just when it is applied that everything hits the fan. every idea will work in a system that supports it. Obviously that system isn't here, nor will ever be.   You are not being realistic. You also have apparently ignored the rest of my post.  The rest of your post was irrevelant because it has no bearing upon the idea. Not to mention it was silly.
Yes, yes I know, I was merely trying to say that it is useless if it only  has internal logic.  Yeah, most certainly is.   I never said it can't be applied to any situation or phenomenon. If you go back and read one of my posts, you will see I have already conceded that. I never said it should apply to all situations either. I have only been discussing its use as a governmental system.  I know you have. I tried to point out what Duo_Maxwell might have meant with his claim that marxism is flawless while humans have flaws that makes communism fail.  It wasn't merely the Communist Manifesto that was important. In fact, it's probably the shortest thing Marx ever wrote. The problem is, most people have heard only  of the Communist Manifesto. So, people haven't used just this  writing in attempting to create new societies. This may sound like a tedious point, but I just wanted those who may not know about these things to know.  Yeah, I wonder if there is a relation between "being the shortest piece of writing" and "the most commonly read/heard of"... I assert that humans are by nature lazy :p   But this is important to discuss because (despite its other aforementioned uses) this was its original sole  purpose. Its other uses have been added as time goes by. So, if we are discussing its use in creating a society/government, this is the purpose we should be discussing.  I wouldn`t be so quick to assign puposes to Marx writings. Sure, he was an "activist writer", but I`ve always seen Marx and Engels as more critics of the economic system of their time than advocates for a certain political system. Marxism in its early days was far more concerned with tearing down than building up. But that`s perhaps just nit-picking. I get your point about it being an important issue, to which I agree to a certain extent. But I don`t think anyone in here has actually advocated marxism as the perfect blueprint for our societies...  Marxism has a logic flaw, though. It assumes that the proletarians - a group of people - behaves like a sovereign individual.    Logic flaw perhaps. But not an internal logic flaw. There is nothing in Marx`s writings that contradict the assertion that there is a form of class interest.  Allthough I`m fairly inclined to agree with Marx on this point. Class-interests are indeed on of the more important interests in political and economic life. Even though I wouldn`t go so far to claim that it is the "mother of all interests".  This is something that can work in reality: < Joe becomes dictator of the world and kills everbody else. < There is no one left to use force against Joe, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  This is Marxism in bullets: < Proletarians hijack the state and use it to destroy the bourgeoisie < With the bourgeoisie gone, there is no one to oppress the proletarians, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  The problem with Marxism is that it fails to recognize that proletarians can oppress other proletarians. Collective groups do not function unanimously, especially a group so large as the proletarians. A proletarian can use force against another proletarian.  Why do you think Marx believed that the state would wither and die? Because the existance of the state creates yet another master class, the political class. This class would naturally oppress the proletariate which in turn would lead to classwarfare which would end with the emancipation of the proletariate.  Now, I don`t believe this is how things "must" go (or even will go), but there is nothing in your description of the reality or future that contradicts Marx`s ideas at this point.
What I understand about Marxism is that when the proletarians establish their dictatorship, they will abolish their own superiority as a class and thus the state will disappear.  No. When the burgoise state is overthrown, a proletarian government would be erected. A government that would nationalise the means of production, abolish priviledges of class, religion, gender etc. This government would act in the interest of the proletariate, as the proletariate would control it through direct democracy. However, as time progresses, the state will eventually breed a new class with interests of their own. The political class, a new master class. This class would oppress the interests of the proletariate in order to pursue their own interests. Therefor, Marx reasoned, man can only be emancipated once the state has withered and died. Only then can man be free from oppression.
Michael Gorbachev said that the only model of true Communism exists in the State of Israel. The United States has supported Israel since its inception in 1947. This means that since 1947 the United States has supported what Gorbachev said was true Communism. After 58 years of support for a Communist Nation, Israel, it would seem reasonable to say that it is U. S. Government Policy to support Communism.
Did he? do you have any quote? I know that the zionistic movement had some marxistic leanings (the kolschoz (sp?) comes to mind) and that USSR was very quick to accept Israel as a soverign nation, but I have never heard that Gorbatjov viewed the Israeli society as particulary aligned with communism or marxism.
Another problem with some of Marx's theories is that he believed the only path to a communist society is through a revolution of some sort.   I kind of follow the Bernstein or Fabians route that the road to a Socialist system can be achieved by Political and social reform , basically small gradual steps to a more fare and equal society rather than bloody revolution that causes more problems than it solves.  On the issue of whether the USSR was a true Communist state(is there such a thing as a communist state, I thought communism was a society where a state would not exist) I would agree with Trotsky view that the USSR was degenerated workers state controlled by undemocratic means. A democracy is necessary for socialism, he also stated that the only way that this state would be overthrown is by a 2nd revolution or if it reverted to capitalism.   Some people also say that the reason that the Socialist revolution failed in the USSR and created a degenerated workers state is that a Socialist revolution occurred in a Underdeveloped Country instead of a fully developed Capitalist Country that had the resources in place that could be brought under the control of the workers, Because Russia did not have these resources in place at the time it was easy for an Authoritarian Ruler such as Stalin to take control and replace a uncertain Socialist Democracy with the focused boot heel of a Dictatorship.
This is truly one of the most idiotic "FAQs" I have ever seen.   Though when I say idiotic I really mean "dishonest".   And when I say "FAQs" I mean piles of steaming turd.  You appear to have cut and pasted this from a website created by a 15 year old. http://members.tripod.com/~antilemming/main.htm in 1997.  Although you have taken out the bit about how maybe Stalin didn't really kill many people.  Q: Didn't Stalin kill millions of people? A: Maybe. We have only been told what the capitalist class wants us to believe. Ask yourself two questions. If Stalin had really purged his officer corps in the 1930s, how was the Soviet Union capable of winning WWII? (The Soviets lost more than twenty times as many fighters as did we Americans.) If the Soviet Union had been unable to win in WWII, what would your world be like now?  I am astounded by the logic.  In the original FAQ, China and Vietnam are also identified as "successful socialist states", and North Korea as a "socialist state", along with glorious Cuba.
Why not make your own communist faq then, one which is, though still completely wrong, in accordance with the principles of communism, and the writings of Marx? This FAQ is just trash.  It would appear the YCL have updated their faq then, and no longer deny Stalin's killings, or endorse North Korea.  In some sense it's understandable how poor quality it is, given that it is from a "youth" wing of the communist party, and as such targetted at propagandising towards illiterate teenagers - but why post such a thing here?
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.
What do you want us to do with your FAQ? Critique it and point out errors, or what? You never posted your intent with the thread...
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.   I believe you're right: every word he writes including "and" and "the" is either a misrepresentation or a fantastic drollery.
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.  I agree.  That was the most pathetic, dishonest and downright idotic commentary on communism/socialism I've ever encountered.   I have a VERY hard time believing that someone could actually post that with a straight face.   Good one Comrade Brian. :p   Waxy
Which ideology do you adhere to?
I'm the opposite of both.
Can I be an eco-fascist? :)
 And lets face it, politics is all about getting laid.  Isn't everything?
The Soviet Union was a democracy. A one party state but they had a parliment and the people voted for the parliment. What people get confused about is that because they had one party the party controlled everything.
I think a couple of the posters need to refresh their knowledge of Lenin's era and the Stalinist USSR.
Fraudulent utopias - of which the USSR was one - result from the fantasies of intellectuals who believe that a "better society" can be created by the force of ideas.  Using constant terror and mass murder to get and keep society's attention.
Neither: a democratic constitutional monarchy! :p
How can there be a democratic constitutional monarchy. The ideals of the democracy and the monarchy contradict each other.  Look at the UK, the head of State(monarchy) is just a figure head. The real power resides with the Elected body - the House of Commons.
I don`t think this is as much about capitalism as it is about holding economic success virtous. And I think the author has it backwards. It is not because europeans don`t place value in economic success (as in wealth) that give rise to segregation and racism in Europe. It is segregation and racism in europe that makes it harder for immigrants to achieve economic success (as in wealth).
From the Wall Street Journal:  The Projects on the Prairie  By JOHN J. MILLER January 27, 2006; Page W11  The fallout from the Jack Abramoff corruption scandal has all of Washington atwitter about congressional reform -- everything from proposals to restrict travel perks and lunches with lobbyists to a potential shakeup in the Republican House leadership.  A subtheme of the controversy involves not a shakeup but a shakedown -- of Indian tribes by Mr. Abramoff, who used casino cash to throw money around town as well as to line his own pockets richly. The common perception is that once again the white man has cheated the red man.  Perhaps a few expressions of sympathy are in order. Yet Indians would benefit much more from their own sweeping reforms. The Abramoff rip-off should be the least of their worries. The time has come to abolish reservations for the good of the people who live on them.  In the American imagination, grinding poverty is often a picture of urban slums full of broken families, abandoned apartments and back-alley drug deals. But an equally valid portrait might focus on the rural squalor of the rez. Of the 10 poorest counties in the U.S., seven of them are contained wholly or largely on reservations in Arizona, North Dakota and South Dakota.  Professional victimologists offer no shortage of explanations for this miserable state of affairs, but most of their analysis boils down to a core grievance: The federal government stole land from the Indians by conquest and treaty. Although Indians once were able to obtain title to specific parcels within reservations, this practice ended in 1934 -- an act that essentially turned the reservations into not-so-little housing projects on the prairie.  (More)
The main problem with Indian reservations isn't, as some argue, that they were established on worthless tracts of grassland. Consider the case of Buffalo County, S.D., which Census data reveal to be America's poorest county. Some 2,000 people live there. More than 30% of the homes are headed by women without husbands. The median household income is less than $13,000. The unemployment rate is sky high.  Just to the east of Buffalo County lies Jerauld County, which is similar in size and population. Yet only 6% of its homes are headed by women without husbands, the median household income is more than $30,000, and the unemployment rate hovers around 3%. The fundamental difference between these two counties is that the Crow Creek Indian Reservation occupies much of Buffalo County. The place is a pocket of poverty in a land of plenty.  Maybe we should give land back to the rez-dwellers, so that they may own private property the way other Americans do. Currently, the inability to put up land as collateral for personal mortgages and loans is a major obstacle to economic development. This problem is complicated by the fact that not all reservations have adopted uniform commercial codes or created court systems that are independent branches of tribal government -- the sorts of devices and institutions that give confidence to investors who might have the means to fund the small businesses that are the engines of rural economies.  Tribal ownership of the land is defended as the sine qua non of Indian sovereignty, which many activists regard as sacrosanct. It maintains the semifictional notion that the reservations are separate nations within the U.S. Although tribal members are American citizens, the reservations themselves are exempt from many federal and state laws. This is why so many Indian casinos have sprung up in areas that otherwise curb gambling.  Sovereignty also is understood as a form of cultural protectionism. Without it, goes the thinking, Indians eventually will follow the course of immigrant groups and assimilate into the great American melting pot. Intermarriage between Indians and non-Indians is pervasive, especially off the rez. More than half of all Indians already marry outside their race, according the Census. For racial purists who believe that the men and women of today's tribes should be preserved like frozen displays in natural-history museums, this is a tragedy akin to ethnic cleansing (albeit one based on love rather than hate).  Yet the real tragedy is that reservations, as collectivist enclaves within a capitalist society, have beaten down their inhabitants with brute force rather than lifting them up with opportunity. As their economies have withered, other social pathologies have taken root: Indians are distressingly prone to crime, alcoholism and suicide. Families have suffered enormously. About 60% of Indian children are born out of wedlock. Although accurate statistics are hard to come by because so many arrangements are informal, Indian kids are perhaps five times as likely as white ones to live in some form of foster care. Their schools are depressingly bad.  Even if casino revenues were able to address these soul-crushing problems -- a doubtful proposition -- most reservations are too isolated geographically to profit from big-dollar gambling. Yet the rise of the casinos may help point the way forward: Their ability to flourish contradicts the tenured Marxists in ethnic-studies departments who claim that communitarian Indian cultures aren't compatible with market capitalism. After all, it takes entrepreneurship to run some of the world's biggest casinos.  What's more, this modern-day entrepreneurship is part of a long tradition: Meriwether Lewis (of Lewis & Clark fame) described the Chinooks as "great hagglers in trade." I once visited Poverty Point, a 3,000-year-old set of earthen mounds in Louisiana; the museum there displayed ancient artifacts found at the site, including copper from the Great Lakes and obsidian from the Rockies. These prehistoric Americans were budding globalizers, and there's no reason why their descendants should remain walled off from the world economy.  When Indians enter our political conscience at all, it is usually in the most trivial of contexts: Should Florida State University call its sports teams the Seminoles? Does Leonard Peltier, a 1970s radical imprisoned for the murder of two FBI agents, deserve clemency? Isn't it a shame how Jack Abramoff bilked nave tribal councils?  Yes, it is a shame. But it will be an even greater shame if reservations were to continue staggering along as they do now. The sleazy Abramoffs will always be with us. Must the failing reservations stick around as well? Mr. Miller is the author, most recently, of "A Gift of Freedom: How the John M. Olin Foundation Changed America."
I get the impression that the author of the piece is oversimplifying a complex problem in order to bash collectivism. A prime cause of deprivation on reservations would seem to me to be a deep cultural grief of a civilisation practically wiped out. It's not dissimilar to the position the palestinians are in, except that native americans have little hope of resurrecting their culture, whereas palestinians perhaps do.
Which is why white communes are economic powerhouses.
Which is why white communes are economic powerhouses.  Most communes are deliberately anti-material, so that comment is fairly irrelevant. Look at other collective organisations, such as co-ops, like the Cooperative Society or John Lewis and you'll note they're doing just fine.
But why would anti-material people choose communes?   If communes were a good source of wealth, wouldn't materialistic people choose them?  Isn't the entire reason only anti-material people choose communes is because no one else can tolerate their poor living conditions? (Except apparently native Americans, who would prosper in communes were it not for the racial anguish)
Some people for 'idealistic' reasons choose to live in a commune or a utopian social organisation where everyone is equal in terms of social position and responsibility.   A pantisocracy usually comes to grief when egoism and materialism creeps in.
But why would anti-material people choose communes?   If communes were a good source of wealth, wouldn't materialistic people choose them?  Isn't the entire reason only anti-material people choose communes is because no one else can tolerate their poor living conditions? (Except apparently native Americans, who would prosper in communes were it not for the racial anguish)  That's the reason most efforts at communal living in the US 'hippie' era failed. It turned out most people are materialistic in spite of idealistic rants. Some endured, and a few still do, but mostly due to an influx of wealth by individual members for the comfort factor.
America, or better still the New World, has a long history of utopian communities - usually but not always, founded by religious enthusiasts.   As a land at one time apparently unsullied by the wicked customs, effete culture, and selfish habits of Old Europe, the New World seemed an ideal environment for seekers after purification and perfection (living in small scale co-operative communities).   The hippies were late arrivals on this particular scene.  Materialism probably undid them all in the end.
In class I have to debate why if we were to start a new country why it should be socialistic. I don't want this to turn into a debate, I only wants links and reasons on why we should go socialistic over capitalistic.  Thanks for helping.  *REMINDER* please do not turn this into a debate!
I would suggest that you take a look at the reports of Boothe and Rowntree from the late 19th century to get a perspective on what happens when you have pure (or nearly pure) capitalism. Also think about the veil of ignorance, if you don't know what your starting situation in life is, how would you design a society eg tax system etc.
Could I, at least, observe that Freedom Fighter is certainly diligent in his ongoing fight against freedom?  Umm. I would appreciate it if this thread was left to people who are trying to give advice.We are trying to convince people why if we were to start a new country why it should be capitalist of socialist, and I was chosen to do the socialist. I am in this because I have to, not that I want to, I support capitalism, but I am going to do this project so I can pass the class.   Thank you Symbiote and Jo Bennett for giving me the advice. Our debate starts monday so thanks for helping. emoticon_xhoho
In a socialist nation, the government issues identity cards to all its citizens, to ensure "national security". Anyone suspected of wrongdoing can more easily be rounded up and imprisoned than in a free society.  In a socialist nation, the government is the most important entity in determining whether an individual or group of individuals is prosperous or not, if a business is suspected of having links to terrorism, abortion, islam or political opponents, funding can be cut, ensuring high moral standards are maintained throughout the land.  In a socialist nation, the government funds schools and determines their curriculum - ensuring that all students learn the appropriate facts rather than controversial theories, ensuring the stability of the governing regime.  In a socialist regime the head of state is held to be deserving of respect and admiration from his subjects, ensuring a stable rule - those opposing actions taken by the government are regarded as "unpatriotic" and "appeasers".   In this way it is easy for a socialist nation to wage war and ensure foreign nations have friendly governments, where a less socialist government may not have the funding to maintain a high-tech global police force.  I think you're mixing up socialist and fascist. Patriotism is anathema to socialism.
I think you're mixing up socialist and fascist. Patriotism is anathema to socialism.  In the Soviet Union, the war against Hitler's Germany was called 'The Great Patriotic War'. I believe it still is.
And that doctrine was a feature of what Stalin called "socialism in one country", in short an abandonment of socialist principles in order to exploit Russian nationalist sentiment. Socialism inherently rejects national distinctions, in favour of class distinctions. All socialist parties in Europe, with the exception of the British labour party, opposed WWI for precisely this reason.
So you say. Here's what another socialist (or communist if you prefer) has to say about patriotism.  "Vietnamese patriotism in the current cause of construction and defence of the socialist homeland must be inevitably patriotism combined with socialism; patriotic sentiments in association with revolutionary will through the world outlook of scientific socialism: a patriotism in labour to build and safeguard socialism in the character of Fatherland. It is patriotism of the spirit of determination to fight and win on the front of national industrialisation and modernisation". (Ho Chi Minh)  Your conclusions are purely theoretical. All socialist states will appeal to patriotism if threatened by a foreign power - or sometimes if it's politically expedient.
Your conclusions are purely theoretical. All socialist states will appeal to patriotism if threatened by a foreign power - or sometimes if it's politically expedient.  I was under the impression that this FF's debate was about theory. There are no socialist states in the world at present, so it can only be about theory.
Really? I expect you must have some special theory of socialism.  I assume you would deny that Cuba, China, or Belarus, for instance can be described as 'socialist' in any respect at all?   Can you say, without equivocation, that patriotism is anathema in those states and produce evidence to support your assertion?
China is state capitalist. Belarus, IIRC, is stalinist and no more socialist than the soviet union was. Cuba is marginally closer to socialism, but has strayed into nationalism in no small part because of massive pressure from the US. None of these countries is a socialist country, not least because they are not democratic. Socialism requires democracy.
All of your claims are at least arguable, but let's just stick with one.  Socialism requires democracy, so the political theory textbooks say.   1). The commitment to representative democracy is what is supposed to distinguish soft-centred 'Western' socialism from the hard case 'communist' version brought about by revolutionary violence.   2). The 'parliamentary road to socialism' is said to be a creature so different from the socialism of the communist states as to be hardly the same political animal.  Yes, I've encountered these sort of theoretical distinctions before. But facts force us to discard some theories - or else torture ourselves trying to reconcile the irreconciliable. Evidence is a fact (or facts) that discriminates between one theory and another, and things haven't worked out on the textbook model.   The only socialist models that provide us with any empirical evidence of their attitude towards patriotism include the states I've already mentioned. And they did not become socialist by democratic acclamation. Though, of course, you deny that any of them are 'socialist' now - or perhaps ever have been? That allows your claim about patriotism to be impervious to contradiction by mere facts.   A footnote on Cuba:  According to Castro, Cuba has an elected national legislature that is socialist in character. Since only one party you can vote for exists in Cuba, it's not a democracy as we understand it. But if it wasn't for pressure from that wicked United States, the 'marginal socialism' there would blossom into ...........well, what?
I am talking about socialist theory. Any governmental system is defined by theory. You don't describe a governmental system by what it calls itself. For example I don't think anyone would claim the GDR was a democracy. You describe a governmental system by the theories it fits, you don't amend the theories to fit those governments that use the theories as a fig leaf for their dictatorial regimes.  There are democratic socialist groups which are also revolutionary (though not necessarily violent). Their aim is to set up parallel democratic structures that ultimately make the apparatus of the current state irrelevant. Revisionist marxist groups match the description you have of achieving socialism through current electoral structures and are, as such, non-revolutionary.  Socialist theory is, as I have outlined previously, inherently internationalist. However, when a party works within an existing state to achieve change, evolving beyond the constraints of that state is very difficult, especially when there is pressure from outside governments of conflicting politics.
Fascism is a form of socialism, the most common (and pragmatic) form. We might refer to it as National Socialism rather than intenational socialism if you want to make a distinction.  Socialism and fascism are mutually exclusinve. By definition the most venerated entity in a fascist regime is the state. In a socialst regime it is the people.   Somehow I think you would have some pretty serious trouble applying your definition to Sweden which, AFIK, is the most socialist state on the planet right now.
I am talking about socialist theory. Any governmental system is defined by theory. You don't describe a governmental system by what it calls itself. For example I don't think anyone would claim the GDR was a democracy. You describe a governmental system by the theories it fits, you don't amend the theories to fit those governments that use the theories as a fig leaf for their dictatorial regimes.  There are democratic socialist groups which are also revolutionary (though not necessarily violent). Their aim is to set up parallel democratic structures that ultimately make the apparatus of the current state irrelevant. Revisionist marxist groups match the description you have of achieving socialism through current electoral structures and are, as such, non-revolutionary.  Socialist theory is, as I have outlined previously, inherently internationalist. However, when a party works within an existing state to achieve change, evolving beyond the constraints of that state is very difficult, especially when there is pressure from outside governments of conflicting politics.  In the visionary utopia of "international socialism" (socialisme sans frontires), there are a number of theoretical possibilities - among which, it is alleged, are the redundancy of patriotism and the irrelevancy of the state apparatus.  Back in the factual world, we discover that wherever socialism exists, or has been tried, these possibilities have not been realised. Why?  Well, I've already mentioned Russia, Cuba, and Vietnam as instances where the empirical facts do not confirm your claim about patriotism. And I could go further and cite Albania, North Korea, and any permutation of communist states that used to exist behind the iron curtain.  But if I did, you would find a theoretical dubiety that any of these polities were 'really' socialist. When your theory is challenged by unwelcome facts, you change the terms of reference: a familiar dodge.   It's really quite useless to argue theoretical points when factual evidence is ignored that would determine whether at least some of them correspond to a political reality. It wouldn't matter whether we stuck to the point about patriotism or introduced any other social, political, or economic issue, your description of the socialist attitude towards it would be modified to prevent any concession to critical examination or philosophic doubt.   I do not wish to disturb your dreams any more by bothering you with demands for factual evidence that will support your claims on behalf of academic socialism. In my experience, textbook debates on the theory of socialism are quite sterile - full of sound and fury, but signifying nothing.
Alan Ryan: But this is an entirely theoretical debate, I presume.   Your 'real-life' examples may all be very well and relevant in the 'real-world', but this is a theoretical debate. There have been, to my knowledge, no entirely socialist countries. The ones you gave aren't what I consider entirely socialist.  -Wez
In a socialist nation, the government issues identity cards to all its citizens, to ensure "national security". Anyone suspected of wrongdoing can more easily be rounded up and imprisoned than in a free society. So a free society is one where the goverment does not have tabs on their citizens? How could then the goverment work when it does not know who they actually govern? The foundation of economics is that you have correct data, else it's the beginning of corruption not freedom.   And since when was there a dichotomy between freedom and socialism?   Further how does the usage of identification ease the rounding up of suspects? Wouldn't it be rather MORE risk to be rounded up if you couldn't identify yourself and thus automatically become suspect than be able to and take yourself out of the calculation?
Since the words had meaning.   Not necessarily. I don't think that they have a real problem with freedom in Sweden.   You seriously need to do some research into political and economic systems. Socialism is NOT a political system, it is an economic system. All of the alleged attributes you have listed regarding socialism are not attributs of socialism at all.   While I recognize that it is anti american, try educating yourself and THEN forming an opinion instead of blindly following whatever incorrect bias you may have had from the start and then twisting the world to fit it. You can start at wikipedia. There are plenty of resources on the web regarding socialism and fascism (which are mutually exclusive)  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialism  What you describe here is fascism, which you claim is essentially the same as socialism. Mussolini, who essentially was the father of fascism, formed the fascist party in Italy after being expelled from the socialist party. Mussolini on socialism:   Outside the State there can be neither individuals nor groups (political parties, associations, syndicates, classes). Therefore Fascism is opposed to Socialism, which confines the movement of history within the class struggle and ignores the unity of classes established in one economic and moral reality in the State; and analogously it is opposed to class syndicalism. . . .
Sweden, like most of the western world, runs on a mixed economy. To the degree that it is socialist, it is not free, just like in the rest of the world. Surprisingly Sweden generally ranks quite highly on the sorts of "economic freedom index"s that are published from time to time. Now say what you will about the arbitrariness of weightings in such indexes, what I take from them, at least, is that in some ways Sweden is much more free, and less socialist than the likes of the US or western europe.  I am not intimately familiar with Sweden, but my first reaction to it is that it differs more in the kind of socialism it embraces than the degree to which it embraces it.  Well, it essentailly embraces it 100%. Sweden has been officially socialist since 1932.   the kind of socialism it embraces? Classic socialism. The same socialist tenant that were in place in the soviet union, but without the totalitarian government.     I disagree. Socialism is not an economic system, it is the absence of an economic system.   In that case, you would be 100% incorrect. Socialism is, by definition, an economic system.   The absence of an economic system can only be maintained through a totalitarian state, and any "socialist" nation therefore has certain political attributes. It is not itself a political system; there are many particular ways by which free enterprise can be suppressed, and therefore many governments that may rightly be called socialist, we have seen the German model, the Italian model, the Soviet model, the Korean model, the Cuban model, the Chinese model, and we are seeing the American model's beginnings now. Some we call Communists, some we call Fascists, some National Socialists, some Theocracies, some Democracies but they are all socialist.  Again, by definition, socialism is not the absence of an economic system, so your chain of logic (which is largely senseless anyway) is flawed rigth from the start. We have also seen the Israeli system, the Swedish system, the canadian system, the list goes on.   What you are trying to do is pick the worst examples you can think of and say "THAT is socialism". This is similar to me pointing to Zimbabwe and IRan and saying THAT is democracy...or pointing at Nigeria or the Sudan and saying "THAT is capitalism".   It is not the "same as" socialism, it is a form of socialism.  again by definition, it is not.   Undoubtedly they disagreed about the form Italian socialism was to take. The socialist party presumably wanted a form of socialism built around the working class; private economic activity would be abolished and resources distributed to the poor. Mussolini presumably preferred private economic activity be abolished and resources funneled into the government apparatus itself, the military and bureaucracy.  By definition, the socialist economic system is built around the working class. An economic system built around the state cannot be a socialist system. Mussolini did NOT advocate the abolition of private economic activity. In fact, he sought to strengthen it through close co9llaboraiton with the government. Fascism is a form of directed capitalism. It is essentially ALL private enterprise directed by the state and completely exploitive of the working class. One of the first thing Mussolini did under his regime was break up all the labor unions and execute supporters of organized labor. This is COMPLETELY at odds with the socialist ideal where all means of production are owned and actively managed by organized labor.
I understand socialism to be a sort of half-way house, or transitional stage, between Capitalism and Communism.   The means of production and exchange are taken into social ownership (nationalised) and the state persists as an administrative machine that supervises a new order of legality and a new system of rights until such time as true common ownership emerges, and the state is abolished (or withers away).   This nationalisation of some key industries and services is more or less what happened in Britain under the Labour government elected in 1945. But we never expected further political development in the direction of the theoretical dictatorship of the proletariat, and none ever materialised.
I gather by private enterprise directed by the state, you mean that private enterprise has been abolished and replaced with state enterprise, ie socialism.  That the names and the language of business is used is of no relevance to the reality of fascism, which is the same as under all forms of socialism, private, free exchange is abolished. There may still be goods in stores, but the government determines their price. People may still be employed, but the government determines their wages and positions. Businessmen may still run businesses, but what they produce, how much they pay their workers, is determined by the government.  absolutly not. Under a fascist regime, the directed cpaitalism primarily takes the form of strict regulation and rampant cronyism. Private enterprise is not abolished under a Fascist system, it is strengthened. In many fascist countires, private corporations have even been given defacto police powers.   This is one of the fears peopel play in regarding special interest involvement in politics. The fascist state has also been called "the corporate state". While the corporativism described by mussolini is not quite in line with what we know as corporatism today, it is close enough to completely dispel this myth of a fascist/socialist state that you seem to be attempting to propogate.  This is not the socialist ideal, it is one of many. Other socialists idealise the means of production owned and actively managed by people of pure Germanic blood.  In summary, socialism comes in many different shapes and colours, and it is no more valid for a socialist of one variety to assert that other varieties are "not socialism" than it is for a Protestant to assert that a Catholic is "not Christian".  You REALLY need to run, don't walk, to your nearest institute of higher education and take some classes in political science.
I understand socialism to be a sort of half-way house, or transitional stage, between Capitalism and Communism.   The means of production and exchange are taken into social ownership (nationalised) and the state persists as an administrative machine that supervises a new order of legality and a new system of rights until such time as true common ownership emerges, and the state is abolished (or withers away).   This nationalisation of some key industries and services is more or less what happened in Britain under the Labour government elected in 1945. But we never expected further political development in the direction of the theoretical dictatorship of the proletariat, and none ever materialised.  I think that where a lot fo confusion comes from is in the difference between socialism, which is a narrowly defined economic system, and socialist ideals, which tends to be a subjective set of standards applied on an ad hoc basis.  Classic socialism has never actually been practiced on the planet earth. From a practical standpoint, Sweden is probably a lot closer to the classic socialist model than the USSR was. Of all current "socialist" nations, it is probably Cuba that holds the distinction of being the absolute closest to a true socialist system. Henry Kissinger said "We can never remove the sanctions from Cuba because they would emerge as an unquestionable example to the world that socialism can work".  In the end, socialism has the same failing that fascism and capitalism do. They overestimate the human spirit.
"directed capitalism" is nothing but a euphemism for socialism. There is no difference, when the government directs production, whether the businesses retain the title of businesses or they are renamed as government departments. A rose by any other name is still a rose.  In this case, they are not a rose by any other name. One is socialism, one is directed capitalism. By definition they are different, and they are mutually exclusive.   Business being owned primarily by the government is also not socialism. That is why I state above that Sweden and Cuba ar probably the closest thign the world has ever seen to socialism. In Cuba, 80% of food is produced by worker managed collectives. From a practical standpoint, a true socialist economy essentially prohibits government ownership of anything. As Alan points out above, socialism was supposed to be a transitional step between capitalism and the anarcy of pure communism. To argue that in a socialist economy the means of production must be owned or directed by the government, or that a totalitarian government is required is just foolish. Socialism was to be paving the way to ANARCHY. You do not pave the way to anarchy by installing an all controlling, totalitarian government.    Argument from authority is logically invalid. I have no doubt various political science classes would teach something similar to what you are saying, I have been in classes which did. That many people and institutions are wrong does not make them right, and it is no surprise that socialist institutions, like public higher education systems, would attempt to distance themselves from fascism.  You are missing my point here. What I am saying is that your total and absolute ignorance of the subject matter is frankly making you look like an idiot. The following words actually have definitions:  Capitalism Directed Capitalism Socialism Fascism Communism   You just seem to be inventing definitions as you go, and they are not consistent with the true definition of those words. For example, your contention that socialism is not an economic system, but instead is a lack of an economic system is just absolutly ignorant. Socialism is BY DEFINITION a type of economic system. Only one of the economic systems listed above actually has a political system attached, and that is communism, and in that case it is ANARCY.  Fascism is not an economic system. It is a political system with certain conditions regarding how business entities are dealt with. In argentina, they executed a fascist government with an economy that was decidedly free market capitalist.   Socialism has no political structure attached, though Marx did speak of a benign dictator at some point (though he is not entirely clear about exactly what stage in the process this benign dictator is expected to step in). The Soviet union was a LONG ways from the socialist ideal. Sweden is socialist. You can wriggle around on that all you want, but they are socialist and proud of it. They practice democratic socialism. Regardless of the political system in place, socialism is an ECONOMIC system.  Capitalism is also an ECONOMIC SYSTEM. Like socialism, it has been practiced under totalitarian political systems and hit has been practiced under democratic systems. It is essentially independant of the political system under which it is practiced.  Directed Capitalsim is essentially capitalism with strong government controls.   You essentially seem to want to define anything that is not unrestricted free market capitalism as "socialist". This is just stupid. There are a LOT of different systems out there that fit neither the definition of free market capitalism or socialism.
I've been following this discussion from a ringside seat.  One question about socialism that hasn't been raised yet, and which interests me, is why it appeals so strongly to intellectuals. To put it another way: Why do intellectuals hate capitalism?   By 'intellectuals' I mean the men and women who run the institutions - the universities and the media, the big corporations and the big charities, the judiciary and the government bureaucracy.   Generally speaking, such well educated and influential people are inclined to take a left or far left of centre view in political and/or economic theory.   Maybe it's a digression to raise this question in this thread, and I ought to start another in case anyone else wants to examine my allegations in a separate discussion.
I think part of it is due to the fact that uncontrolled capitalism is quite horrifying, and socialism and communism provided at least a theoretical alternative which madi capitalism soften up a bit. Wherever socialism was abandoned for capitalism, people found that socialism did have its charms. Part of it is also likely due to the "noble", "altruistic" undertone of the central idea. All equal, all together, care for the weaker and so on.  Essentially, both facsism/nazism and socialism/communism were horribly abused, but the ideological base idea that Symbiote keeps failing to recognize made the difference for me.
I disagree. Although they have different names, they are in essence the same.  And yet, by defintition, they are not.    On the contrary, that is the very essence of socialism. Either that or all business is abolished except the business of government. Whether there is only one business, the government, or there are many businesses, and all of them are controlled by the government, "directed capitalism", there is only a cosmetic difference  Again, this is contrary tot he definition of socialism.  Whether the managers of government industry are designated as "workers" in Cuba or "shop managers" in Germany, and whether the businesses are called "businesses" or "collectives" or "the department of agricultural prosperity" is of no essential import in distinguishing one socialist state from another.  So whether an enterprise is wholly owned by the workers operating it, or owned by the government it is all the same?   Whoever is able to prohibit "government ownership" in a socialist society, ie some kind of "workers collective" in effect is the government of that society. You may as well say that in Germany there was no government control because the Nazi Party displaced it.  This is rediculous. In a socialist system, the government takes a back seat.   In the apparent view of Marx and some socialists, but not in the view of others. Socialism neither began or ended with Marx, and there are many varieties of it with distinct qualities from the Marxist model (with its own various interpretation).  YES. Socialism did indeed begin and end with marx. There is only ONE system which can truly be defined as socialism, and that is the socialist theroy generated by Marx. Just like there has only ever been ONE truly fascist regime, and that was Mussolinis. BY DEFINTION fascism refers to the regime of Benito Mussolini and Socialism refers to the economic theory put forth by Marx. When you talk about other regimes beign fascist or socialist, what you are saying is that they bear similarity to those regimes or theories. The only two countries that have actually put a system in place which meets the real definition of "socialist" are Cuba and Sweden.  I put it to you that I understand the definitions of these words, and that you are confusing the definition of socialism with what you believe to be its implications.   Then, like everywhere else thus far in this thread, you are wrong. You very clearly do not understaind the terms being applied here.  When socialism fails to meet what you believe to be its "goals" (even though economic systems do not themselves have goals, and different people advocate socialism for different reasons), you declare that it is not socialism, but something else. When you declare something to be "a long way from the socialist ideal", that is only your ideal of socialism, other socialists have different ideals (which is why they fight each other so much).  No, I am working from an actual, verifiable, academically accepted definition of "socialism". You are inventing definitions as you go.   I would call most societies today mixed economies, having some socialist and some capitalist elements. There are a few societies which are almost entirely socialist in nature, and a few which are almost entirely capitalist.  I can agree with this, except in the case of Cuba ans Sweden, which are entirely socialist.   I agree, those who believe in a socialism and anarchy are deluding themselves. Socialism can only be implemented through total government, and total government does not lead to anarchy. Although, then again it sort of does, at least temporarily, as socialist governments tend to collapse.  all governments tend to collapse. Socialism cannot be implemented through total government control. If it was, it would not be socialism.
That's not the definition of a free society, but it is one of its attributes.Interesting that you have no problems defining socialism (=evil) in a breath but squirms when encouraged to explain your own pet political system of choice. No census or ability to identify the citizens makes corruption rampant and not to mention is economically indefensible. I guess you can label a Pirate ship a society if you want but I think many others would disagree...  Incidently Sweden is a socialism society and is every year at the top of the UN's list of countries in the world that allows the most freedom of choice to make something out of your life. Despite having identification cards. And another thing on the subject. Here's about the only place in the world where you just can't walk into a store, whip up a credit card and buy anything without identifying yourself or signing the moneyorder. I'm amazed who easy card fraud is abroad!  Yes, absolutely. Under a regime where identification papers must be presented on demand, anyone who for whatever reason does not have those papers on them becomes suspect, liable to be rounded up and imprisoned. A malign society couldn't care less if the dissidents as it sees them can identify themselves or not. They are still dissidents. Do you honestly think that anyone who fails to present identification in such a society when demanded to would somehow escape that scenario? You just try to create a tie between basic census to ease bureacracy in a state and hinder corruption and abuse in dicatorships. It's just a tool.
I've been following this discussion from a ringside seat.  One question about socialism that hasn't been raised yet, and which interests me, is why it appeals so strongly to intellectuals. To put it another way: Why do intellectuals hate capitalism?   By 'intellectuals' I mean the men and women who run the institutions - the universities and the media, the big corporations and the big charities, the judiciary and the government bureaucracy.   Generally speaking, such well educated and influential people are inclined to take a left or far left of centre view in political and/or economic theory.   Maybe it's a digression to raise this question in this thread, and I ought to start another in case anyone else wants to examine my allegations in a separate discussion.   I don't think that most intellectuals necessarily hate capitalism. Nor do any that I am aware of actually advocate socialism. Most of them have reognized the fact that the capitalist system has failed, and advocate some form of mixed economic system.   I don't think there is any argument at this point that the capitalist theory has been proven to be seriously flawed in many respects. The socialist theory is likewise flawed. It seems like what many are advocating is essentially picking the working portions of both theories and putting them into practice under a single new system, one which meets the definition of neither socialism or capitalism.  From a practical standpoint, the capitalist system is one of the oldest continually operated systems on the planet, and has inevitably failed everywhere it has ever been tried. It invariably leads to a two tiered economy, which is not generally something we strive to attain. It simply does not work.  Socilaism on the other hand is fairly new, and does nto seem to work, except under very specific circumstances. While it seems to work fine in Sweden, it is not likely that it would work well in the United States, or most other countries. The going theory seems to be that you could essentially lift certain components of socialism, implant them in a capitalist system, and have an economy that is not destined to fail.  I think there is some merit to this, EXCEPT that it will invariably fail under a democratic form of government because the population will eventually always abuse the socialist aspects of the system. The question essentially becomes how much socialism is enough, and how much is too much.  From a practical standpoint, wothwhile integration of socialist conspets into a capitalist economy or society is likely to continually fail, at least in this generation, because as symbiote has been good enough to show us, there are many who do not grasp even the most basic understanding of either economic system, preferring instead to simply label one as inherently evil and the other as inherently good.   In reality, they are both likely to be utter failures. Capitalism has been shown to be a failure hundreds of itmes over...we will have to keep an eye on Sweden to see whether socialism is a complete failure or only a partial failure. They both fail due to human nature and greed.
Unregulated capitalism is quite horrifying - to the owners of large corporations. They are forever at the mercy of the whims of consumers and the advances of rivals, all of whom are attempting to undercut their prices, improve upon their products and take their customers at every turn. Business is cuthroat, and no company will likely stay at the top for long.  Oh, yes. How true. Poor multibillionaires.  Having lived in a declared socialist state, I'll stay by my opinion: capitalism without socialist threat would result in tyrranies as bad as communism, but was forced to reform and relax. One point for socialist theory.  Socialism took root in those countries where the situation was at its worst. Horrific consequences followed, but I'm not sure that they would not have occured on their own withour socialism/communism. One point for capitalism.  Communism is practiced all over - in families. Families prosper under it, and the only negative effect it has is those cases, where it fails to develop the children's skills, needed to survive outside the system - in adulthood.
I don't think that most intellectuals necessarily hate capitalism. Nor do any that I am aware of actually advocate socialism. Most of them have reognized the fact that the capitalist system has failed, and advocate some form of mixed economic system.    It's true that intellectuals don't necessarily hate capitalism and favour socialism. But there are reasons that explain why many of them are inclined to oppose free markets and have a world view sympathetic to a 'planned society'.   Intellectuals are the gatekeepers for general ideas, information, and opinions that ultimately reach the general public. Intellectuals create a climate of opinion or a set of general preconceptions in society.  Most people absorb their opinions from others; few think for themselves and make independent judgments. This is why the prevailing or dominant opinions get adopted and repeated so glibly and are seldom questioned by 'ordinary people'  Whether or not they call themselves socialists, the higher we climb up the ladder of intelligence, the more likely we are to encounter people with socialist convictions. Among the reasons for this bias are the speculative character of socialism, its rational ethos, and its ethical appeal.  Generally speaking, the most able pro-market people become engineers, scientists, and businessmen/women. The best anti-market people gravitate towards scholarly, didactic, and intellectual vocations
No, but it should be under the purview of the church and not for profit charities. Government intervention in this has been nothing but a boondoggle.   So you think that I should just give up trying to make a better life for me and my family, huh? Keep working for next to nothing while the government continues to siphon more money out of my hard earned paycheck, eh?  You seemingly support most all government policy requiring abnormal taxation without taxpayer benefit, Iraq being a prime example. And you were recently very upset because New York State refused to pony up a couple of hundred thousand dollars of tax money for each $20k job a foreign corporation would provide in your geographical area. You can't have it both ways.
I did not define socialism as evil. Nor was I asked to explain a free society. I was asked a yes or no question, whether the government not keeping tabs on its citizens was the definition of a free society, a question which I answered for you more than adequately. If you have any followup questions, feel free to ask them.  That is good enough for me. Just me misunderstanding.
One of the biggest problems with socialism is the cradle-to-grave government provision. This quashes the entrepeneurial spirit and the drive to improve one's lot in life.Is there really an entrepreneurial spirit? Is there a drive to improve one's lot in life? Maybe there is a survival instinct. Sure some of us are born with a salesman gene, but that doesn't mean there is an entrepreneurial spirit that drives us all. These salesman people will claw their way to top of any economic/political system, so it best to try for a system that guarantees that everyone will have access to life-essential resources.
Did you know that in most states mothers can be denied a job or given less pay for the same work, just because they're mothers?  There is a silent crisis in America. Mothers and families are in trouble. The wage gap between mothers and non-mothers is now greater than between women and men: One study found non-mothers earn 10% less than their male counterparts; mothers earn 27% less; and single mothers earn between 44% and 34% less.  This wage hit has a direct impact on families--a full quarter of families with children under six live in poverty, at least 9 million children don't have any health care, and far too many parents can't afford to stay home with sick children. Working toward common sense family-friendly policies like those covered in The Motherhood Manifesto will help all families.  If you truly care about mothers and kids and families you might want to sign the Motherhood Manifesto at:  http://www.momsrising.org/petition/familyfriendly?a=2&r=1711&id=7477-6742734-QYceC7GH0_0oaJv7ZxQv0A&t=5 This is just more left-wing radical feminist rhetoric.
So the promotion of family life and supporting motherhood is now left wing radical feminism. Of course Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia...
This is just more left-wing radical feminist rhetoric.  Erroneous labels for any occasion and everything labeled?
It's not rhetoric, it is true that single mothers earn less.  I am just asking why this is innapropriate? If an employer knows that an employee is going to take more time off and cost more in health care, why shouldn't that employer pay that person less?  During my business years single mothers were generally far more reliable than the average employee without that particular burden. They couldn't afford to miss work and normally had support systems in place for emergencies. Nor were they paid less than anyone else with identical education and skill sets.
In other words, selling one's soul to the corporate mentality, the American way.   Europeans have a different way of looking at life. Families are important, having leisure time is important, participating in other human events is important.   So, which is it? Humanity? Human life? Community? Family?  Or the God Almighty Corporation?  If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.
What is wealth?  If it can be determined what wealth is, how much wealth is necessary?  Does giving up leisure time to work all the time always produce wealth?  Sadly, in the U.S. presently, we have families where each parent works two or three jobs and they still are unable to accumulate wealth--the WORKING POOR OF AMERICA, the legacy of George Walker Bush and the Republican Party.  In contrast, my Swedish relatives, compared to my American relatives, have acumulated incredibly beautiful, well-designed homes, they have been laborers but they have also been artists and artisans and created beauty as such, they have had leisure to ski, hike, engage in other outdoor things and they haven't worked themselves to death as Americans have been obliged to do because of the corporate mentality of America.  My American relatives have worked and worked and they are comfortable but, my God! the contrast in esthetics between the Swedes and Americans is astounding. The Swedes have surrounded themselves with beautiful and wonderful design; the Americans have surrounded themselves with cheap stuff from Wal-mart that looks icky and falls apart.  The quality of life between the two nations is universes apart.  The US has always had working poor. It's the nature of capitalism. As it moves closer to a two-tiered system, the middle-class will slide down to the lower tier, creating an even larger group of working poor. As much as I dislike Bush's policies, all he's done is accelerate the pace of our decline. That began in the 1970s and all politicians have made their self-serving contributions.
If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.  if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :)
Also, can anyone back up any of Simones claims? Not saying it is wrong, but Simone is not known for providing the true picture.
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :)  Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn.
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :) I'm glad somebody said it! emoticon_xhoho
Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn. First of all, that is your opinion. Secondly all you are saying is that the purpose of the wealth you accumulate is to have better leisure time, so ultimately you are even saying that leisure time is the goal, accumulating wealth is just the means. So, what Steeeeve said would be accurate. Accumulating wealth for the sake of accumulating wealth is worthless. Money is a means, not an end.  And who said accumulation of wealth and skiiing were the only two possible goals of life?
First of all, that is your opinion. Secondly all you are saying is that the purpose of the wealth you accumulate is to have better leisure time, so ultimately you are even saying that leisure time is the goal, accumulating wealth is just the means. So, what Steeeeve said would be accurate. Accumulating wealth for the sake of accumulating wealth is worthless. Money is a means, not an end.  And who said accumulation of wealth and skiiing were the only two possible goals of life?  Correct, my opinion. Those were merely examples of leisure time pursuits generally unavailable without some degree of wealth, no intent on limitation.
You are entitled to your opinion, but what/who determines the criteria for "worthless"? If a man devotes his life to the accumulation of wealth and is happy in his pursuit .... is his life worthless? If his pursuit results in expanded commerce, jobs, products, knowledge ..... is his life worthless? I have known men who worked every day to accumulate wealth, but their net worth was just the way they kept score .... the fun for them was the race, not the purse. They seemed to be happy with their "worthless" lives and their checks to me and other employees never bounced. Dono  I'd like to see how much wealth you can take with you to your grave.
While money may not be able to buy happiness, it can buy time, transportation, and equipment, as well as making most of life's more mundane problems vanish.   You bought time? I doubt this. You are going to live X years. No matter how much money you have you will not be able to extend that. People that live by money die the most unsatisfied people. I have never met a happy person that seeked wealth yet I know many that are wealthy.   Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn. Far better caring for the things that matter in life than worrying about working 80hrs a week so you can ski once a year.  You remind me of a story a professor once told me. He claimed his family was his life yet when it came time for his sons birthday he penciled in 30minutes during his lunch to have his kid come in to his office for a birthday "hello". Yeah, great value.   I'm sure that skiing will prove beneficial when you are dead :)
I'm glad somebody said it! emoticon_xhoho haha, I have had more fun not seeking money than anyone I know that seeks money.   I don't know who said it but it is a great quote:  "If you seek money you will always be chasing money, if you seek success money will always be chasing you"
  I'm sure that skiing will prove beneficial when you are dead :)  I was under the impression you understood that I'm not a Christian.
I was under the impression you understood that I'm not a Christian.  Does that mean it will be beneficial to you when you are dead?
I've seen a few studies on the links between wealth and happiness, they generally suggest that once you get past the "comfortable" point financially (i.e. you don't have difficulty affording housing, food etc.) the amount of money you have makes very little difference.
Does that mean it will be beneficial to you when you are dead?  I see no value of anything beyond death.
I'm not sure doing more stuff necessarily equates to happiness. I have very little money at the moment (full time student) but I'm pretty happy. When I'm stuck for paying the bills then I sometimes feel a bit down, but most of the things I enjoy don't cost me much. Sure there are things I would like to do that cost more money, but I wouldn't necessarily feel happier for having done those things rather than something else that was cheaper.
Sure I did. I retired 30 yrs earlier than most people. I now have the majority of my life to do whatever I wish. I have bought all the free time in the world.   Even the idea that you cannot extend your life due to wealth in incorrect. Your life expectancy increases with your income bracket. Look it up. Didn't you ever wonder how guys like Warren Buffet, Allan Greenspan, Dick Cheney, etc... manage to be out white water rafting, and hunting, and running huge companies well into their 70's and 80's (and sometimes even 90's)? They are getting better medical care than your HMO is willing to pop for.   I still disagree..you didn't "buy" any more years on your life. You may think you can live longer by paying for medical care but who is to say you would have died prior to that? Your time here will end at a point....no matter what you do, that will be it. I guess you could say you try to extend the time you are here.   This is a lie that poor people and the middle class tells themselves. The vast majority of wealthy people I have known who are unsatisfied are suffering from boredom. Right now I am bored and unsatsfied. I am thinking of taking up hovercraft racing. I have a design that I think will just dominate the field.   Have fun, you will still be unsatisfied.   You are missing the point. You work 80 hours per week until you have accumulated enough wealth, then you flip the corporate world the bird and wander off to do whatever the hell you want. By then you should have established enough wealth and expertise that you can simply put your holdings in autonomous investments and cash the checks every 6 months, or at least give them minimal attention.  The other thing that you are missing is that nmost people who work 80+ hours per week do so because they love the game.   Personally the only thing I miss about working is working. I LOVE the game. Nothing is more exciting. Your net worth is just a score card and insurance that your kids will have a chance to play.   I used to have the "neglecting the family" argument with my idiot brother in law. He is a teacher and never has any money. He goes home form work and does things like cut the grass, paint the house, chore type things, then sits on his butt and watches football because by the time he gets done working and done with all the honeydo XXXX, he is tired. His kids play in the play room alone.   Even when I would work long hours (often I had the kids at the office with me, but that is another argument), I would spend more time with my kids than he did. I would be at the office later, but then come home and watch dora or have tea parties or whatever becuause while I was at work, somebody else painted the house, mowed the lawn, did all the chores and honeydo's.   While there are certainly those who neglect their families, theya re the minority and either do not like their fmailies all that much, or are playign out of their league.  Face it. Life is better with money. haha, a sad way to live... Whatever man. The problems you see are only to be blamed on people like you.  I'm not sure doing more stuff necessarily equates to happiness. I have very little money at the moment (full time student) but I'm pretty happy. When I'm stuck for paying the bills then I sometimes feel a bit down, but most of the things I enjoy don't cost me much. Sure there are things I would like to do that cost more money, but I wouldn't necessarily feel happier for having done those things rather than something else that was cheaper. yeah, if money drives you than not having it will surely make you sad.   I don't understand why people value greed....which is what you are doing here. It should come as no surprise why things happen the way they do. "Oh my! Bush is helping his greedy oil buddies" ...blah, what do you care? You encourage it.
Here's my take - wealth isn't the primary goal, family, happiness, and health are the TRUE goals, but by making wealth the primary goal, you facilitate the TRUE goals in life. No you don't. By making it a goal you can potentially facilitate the true goals. If it is made the primary goal, these true goals will fall to the wayside as they are not the primary goals. You even seem to acknowledge this somewhat later in your post by recognizing it as a means, not an end. As for "you can't take it with you", no, you sure can't, but you can leave it to your children and family. Providing them with that head start will make sure they have the means to reach their TRUE goals.
In reality wealth is difficult enough to accumulate that unless you make it your primary goal, you end up in the middle class making do. IF, on the other hand, you make it your pri ary goal you really only have to make enogh to get to the point that it is self perpetuating. Then you just have to be either smart enough to invest it yourself (which by then you should be based on the knowledge you will have acquired in gaining your wealth) OR smart enoguh to choose a portfolio manager that can handle things for you. You think it's impossible to obtain this level of wealth without making it your #1 goal in life? I don't see a reason to believe that this is the case.  Secondly, you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?
I think you are underestimating the amount of time, dedication, and work that such a thing takes.  Can anybody do it? Of course! Well....ok...a certain level of intelligence is required, but not much. All you really need is the drive and the willingness to work hard. I do not mean 40 hrs/wk hard, I mean 80 hrs /wk and always on call hard. You also have to be able to face realities, even unpleasant ones, and you must without question be able to make difficult decisions (firing, etc...) even when it is unpleasant. If you are working 80 hrs/wk and you have a family, you can't possibly be giving them the time and attention they need and deserve. And they need and deserve your time more than they do your money.  Second, my point in asking "you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?" was to say that in a capitalist system, there are inherintly going to be people on the bottom. It is unavoidable. So to say that it is possible for everyone to do this is absurd.
BS. Even when I was working 90-100 hrs /wk I was devoting mroe time to my children than most people who were only working 40 hrs /wk So you must have been working through the night so you could see your kids during the day. You couldn't have been sleeping. Well there are several possible explanations for this, but I'll be nice and just mention two. 1) You're a medical anomoly that doesn't need sleep 2) Cocaine, meth, or mainlining caffeine I did not say that everybody could do it. I said that anybody could do it. BIG difference. There will always be plenty of people unwilling to put in the hours and work required to do it. Unwilling people has got nothing to do with it. If everyone in this country was willing and able, it would still not be possible just by nature of how capitalism works.
I don't understand the unfamiliarity with 80-hour executive workweeks. 14-hr days including the short Saturday were never considered abnormal, even without travel, due to the US difference in time zones. If you did business in NY and California, there's 11-hours right there. Toss in international time zones and clocks only meant what time it was in other places. Travel easily stretched them out to 100-hours and beyond. I understand that would be foreign to hourly workers, most staff, all government employees and education, but do people actually think they should be entitled to above normal acheivement measured by wealth for working 8-10 hours a day? 8-10 hour days are for after goals have been achieved and regular jobs. Those were the conditions that normally precluded a working single mother from competing at the executive level.   From many of the posts I'm reading and the state of the US and European economies, many have changed the balance of effort from stressing professional endeavors to personal time. Complete with demands for high standards of living on minimal effort. Chinese, Indian and other emerging economies are eating your lunches for obvious reasons.
In reality wealth is difficult enough to accumulate that unless you make it your primary goal, you end up in the middle class making do. IF, on the other hand, you make it your pri ary goal you really only have to make enogh to get to the point that it is self perpetuating. Then you just have to be either smart enough to invest it yourself (which by then you should be based on the knowledge you will have acquired in gaining your wealth) OR smart enoguh to choose a portfolio manager that can handle things for you. wealth is not a goal of mine and I am doing just fine. Being "middle class" is fine with me...I don't care. I live within my means and move right along...I guess some of us don't need a big boat to show off.
I don't understand the unfamiliarity with 80-hour executive workweeks. 14-hr days including the short Saturday were never considered abnormal, even without travel, due to the US difference in time zones. If you did business in NY and California, there's 11-hours right there. Toss in international time zones and clocks only meant what time it was in other places. Travel easily stretched them out to 100-hours and beyond. I understand that would be foreign to hourly workers, most staff, all government employees and education, but do people actually think they should be entitled to above normal acheivement measured by wealth for working 8-10 hours a day? 8-10 hour days are for after goals have been achieved and regular jobs. Those were the conditions that normally precluded a working single mother from competing at the executive level.   From many of the posts I'm reading and the state of the US and European economies, many have changed the balance of effort from stressing professional endeavors to personal time. Complete with demands for high standards of living on minimal effort. Chinese, Indian and other emerging economies are eating your lunches for obvious reasons. Yet even the people in China nad India have different standards for working. They aren't trying to achieve wealth as you define it...they try to achieve a life for their family. If I had to work 80+ hrs a week to support my family than so be it.   I find it odd that you support people working 80+hrs a week and then turn around and wonder why people are so messed up.  On the flip side, you don't want to end up like France where you "work" 6-7 hrs a day and can't be fired.
And if purple elephants fell out of the sky some people would be crushed and be unable to do it. Stop making excuses. Not everybody would do it because most people are simply too lazy. Working as hard as they needed to to in order to meet their full potential woudl mean less time to sit on their butts and watch football and whose the biggest fatass. The fact that there can be some mretty major rewards down the road for such dedication (like the ability to fly to any football game you want to see it) is too long range a concept for most people. You seem to be completely missing my point. I'm not making excuses for anyone. I am simply saying that it is inherent, in fact necessary, for some to not be able to accumulate wealth in a capitalist system.
Yet even the people in China nad India have different standards for working. They aren't trying to achieve wealth as you define it...they try to achieve a life for their family. If I had to work 80+ hrs a week to support my family than so be it.   I find it odd that you support people working 80+hrs a week and then turn around and wonder why people are so messed up.  On the flip side, you don't want to end up like France where you "work" 6-7 hrs a day and can't be fired.  Motivation and wealth can be defined in a variety of ways using different standards. If one is living at substance level, simple luxuries often appear as enormous wealth.   Some can, some can't. Many people attempt exceeding their capabilities without understanding their own skill sets and motivation.   We already have that in the US; now unionized with handsome pay and benefits, it was formerly called public service.
I understand. What I am saying is that those poeple are volunteers, and there is never any shortage of them. The reason that ANYBODY can do it is becuase the vast majority will not. It does nto take that much to get ahead of your fellow man, especially in the US. I have met a lot of peopel who have millions, or even hundreds of millions of dollars who are ocmplete and utter XXXXXX. Lacking brains, what they DO posess is the willingness to work towards a goal and just enough common sense to let thoe more knowedgable handle their affairs. I guess our primary difference in this area then is that you seem to think that the desire to get ahead of your fellow men is a desire everyone should have, and I do not.
LOL, well, while I'm living in my million dollar mansion kicking back by the pool drinking margaritas and then hopping in my Ferrari to take a spin around the block, you can tell me how worthless my life is. You sound like you are just bitterly jealous of people who are actually successful. I'll be sure to remind them to bury your car and mansion with you when you die.
I think that DrNo needs to update his life goals. It has been a long time since a million bucks would buy a mansion. At best a million $ will buy you a McMansion...and unremarkable home in a subdivision of unremarkable homes made out of cardboard and sawdust (though we call it "MDF" and "masonite" to make people feel better about their McMansions).   Sadly, burying him in his McMansion is not an option since cardboard siding is not burial rated and decays fairly rapidly due to ground contact. I am all for bulldozing and burying McMansions. Using them as a casket is just not an option. They are not built well enough.  I love McMansions...they give me something to laugh at every time I drive home. My favorite is when a new season of McMansions comes up. You see a couple thousand acres of land flattened with no tree left for miles....you then see the homes being built in about 2-3 months with the only difference being the garage is on the opposite side for every other house...every now and then you will see one with a shiny copper top doorway roof. After the homes are built, it is time to put in the fake pond and have the neighbors come out for a cookout as they show off their 2005 mid-life crisis mobile. The best part is you are never alone! Miss you neighbor? Look out the side window...he can see him about 4 feet away changing in his house.   So what is the downside to burying someone in a McMansion again?
Everybody dies, but not everybody truly lives my friend. What is wrong with wanting to have a good life while we are here on earth?  I have never found living to include trying to impress the neighbors with my ego.
Being poor isn't so bad, so long as you can afford the rent, food and transportation. I've been living on a student budget for the last 4 years, I've not often wanted much more money. Yes there are things I would buy if I had more money, and currently I don't give as much away as I should, but I can afford the basics and the odd luxury (like an internet connection). I don't think I'd be substantially happier for having a big house or a car, or any other of the trappings of wealth, and I certainly would be less happy for having to put in the long hours required to even enter the lottery that is trying to aquire mega wealth.
Only that it would not last long underground. Then again, they don't seem to last very long above ground, either, and since they are eyesores anyway, I say go for it.   Have you ever seen one burn? They go up like the cardboard packing crates that they are. My father used ot own the largest residential construction company in the state before selling it off due to housing market slowdowd. He still owns a VERY profitable business that does nothing but replace the cardboard siding on McMansions when they are 8-15 yrs old and the siding starts to fail and flake off. Not to mention the needless toxic fumes that go up when the melt (they don't burn).  Me either. It's funny you would bring up impressing the neighbors. I think that says more about your ego than mine. I could care less what other people think of me. Why do you associate wealth with ego? Because I don't want to live in a shack and scrape together loose change from the couch to buy a XXXX meal from a burger joint (which I have done in the past), that makes me egotistical? Because I strive for success and try to be the best at what I do, that makes me egotistical? Because I want to live comfortably in a nice home (preferably with NO neighbors to your apparent surprise), that makes me egotistical? There is nothing noble about being poor. Being poor sucks. And there is nothing egotistical about being wealthy. I'm not the one that was bragging about my pool, mcmansion, and fancy car   Still, DrNo, mansions start at about $120 million. You can build a nice house for less than 1 million. The key is to make sure you live out in the country where land is cheap ;). I lived in a planned community growing up...and while it was a "good" enviroment to grow up in, after you realize eveyrone there is full of themselves and annoying as hell you can't go back :)
Absolutly. DrNo specifically said "mansion" and you are not going to get a mansion for a million bucks. My house was well under a million dollars if you don't include land, outbuildings and my wifes rediculously expensive garden. I think it is nice, but at 8700 sq ft, nobody is going to be calling it a "mansion". It is just a house with a rediculously expensive garden.   I grew up in the burbs and I HATE the burbs. I LOATHE the burbs. My brothers and sisters all live in cookie cutter houses in the burbs. I don't even like to go there to visit. I would rather live in a tent than live in a McMansion.  When I was in college I framed houses during the summer. I used to go out on callbacks to fix problems in houses we had already built and sold. It always amazed me how many people had a $250,000 house with 2 $30,000 cars in the driveway, a big screen TV and leather furniture in the living room, and an air matress on the floor upstairs to sleep on and cabinets full of tuna because they blew all their money on the stuff that the neiborghs could see and then could not afford a bed or decent food. What a bunch of XXXXXX.  haha too true. My favorite house is one my grandfather built in Edenton, NC. Around it are a bunch of freaks that keep on trying to impress the other but my grandfathers house was this little house on pylons with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. The house was awesome eventhough it was small. Now, the thing was built like a rock...so when a hurricane passed by a few years ago, guess whos house was left standing (these homes are on the water by the way)? Lets right....all those big trying to impress the neighbor homes got washed away or damaged while my small humble house stayed with no damage ;)
My house is built of limestone blocks except for the front, which is brick. I had to bring in masons from out of state to construct it. It should last several hundred years as long as somebody replaces the slate roof every hundred years or so. The best part is that I never have to paint :)  Personally I have never understood the "keeping up with the joneses" mentality. Too many people try (and succeed) at living far beyond their means and it seems they are primarily just trying to one up the guy next door. I personally have never had any overriding desire to "show up" andybody by buying junk that I cannot afford and do not really need.   Don't get me wrong, I like my creature comforts and my toys. I buy them for me, not because I want the yuppie sum next door to see it and be jealous. Limestone huh? My former college uses limestone in all their buildings. Expensive, but you won't be picking up the pieces 50 years from now after a massive hurricane...not that this university would get one.
A friend asked my wife what kind of house I would want if I was inclined to build again. My wife answered, "The usual.... 2 bedrooms, 40-car garage".  Dono  Why so many bedrooms?
Limoestone is the indigenous rock around here. I considred granite, but would have had to have it shiped in at nearly 10x the cost. The limestone was not much more expensive than brick would have been. Hurricanes are not generally a problem in Kansas. I like the way the old limestone buildings look, and it is a sold bit of engineering!  You got a picture of how it looks? I have been interested in seeing how limestone would look on a house...maybe I can do a google image search.
Steeve, do people not normally make houses out of limestone in the US? If you want some pictures of limestone houses try googling for Stoke Sub Hamdon, most of the houses there are built out of the local red limestone, known as hamstone.
Where are you from that they don't have limestone houses?  I told you...I grew up in a suburb that wouldn't have them...went to a college that only had limestone buildings...I now live in an area that hasn't heard of anything but red brick and plastic siding.
Dang tree-hugging commie pinko hippie!!! ;)
there are other models of communism than the soviet one. Redistribution can be coupled with business built on the collective model, like the co-op or John Lewis in the UK, communist doesn't have to mean Stalinist.  Ouch. Please don't mention places like sweden where socialism has done quite well, or the fact that most of Europe runs under a mixed (socialist/capitalist system). It detracts from the "we defeated socialism" doctorine as well as the "socialism simply does not work" doctorine.   In the end, socialism and cpaitalism have both pretty much shown themselves to be failures. Neither has really delivered on their promise and no country has actually thrived under one or the other. The US did not grow to be the economic superpower it is today under strictly a capitalist system, it was after depression era social programs that the US really took off as an economic super power.   Since both systems have been shown to be complete and utter failures on their own, mixed systems have become fairly popular. There are, IMO, problems with mixed systems as well since I do not think it is possible to achieve and maintain an optimal balance between capitalism and socialism.  I think that eventually we will adopt a system which carries elements fo bothe but is completely different. It seems highly likely that in 100 or 200 years we will look back on both capitalism and communism as amusing but somewhat disturbing economic experiments. Both have fairly serious problems that their supporters are willfully blind to.
'Sides here in America we practicie socialism for corporations.
See your peoples problem lies here: you think just because right now the present and the past that the working class is incapable of leading. Can you not see that is ONLY because the government has fear on most American citizens that are working class. They are mind controlled to watch hours of TV and to do as they are told. Now lets say just for theories sake every American was awake to what was really going on in the world and actually knew what laws were being passed and what they do. Now you have a completely different group of people meaning you can't say the working class can't lead they have never had the chance to lead.....
I'm sorry but you will have to explain to me how socialist/capitalist France can be considered doing well with an ailing economy and 15% unemployment rates. The budding Chinese economy is breaking out of its communist ties and vaulting toward capitalism and the country is seeing unprecedented growth while France becomes more and more socialist and dies a little more each day. Now how is it that capitalism is a misreable failure?  This is pretty typical from the die hard capitalists, and part of the willful ignorance I refer to. France certainly has some problems. Most of them are social problems that are manifesting themselves partially in their economy. Ironically enough, they are the same problems that we have...a "world owes me" attitude that has driven their wage expectations through the roof.   the chinese economy is not capitalist. It never will be. It is at best a split system, and in the real world it is something entirely new that seems to incorporate aspects of capitalism, socialism, copmmunism, and fascist style corporatism.   This next section you mis quote me badly  As far as the comment on the US only being prosperous because of the socialist reforms made in the 30's is completely ludicrous. I don't know if you have heard of the roaring twenties but that was an incredibly prosperous time for the United States with none of Mr. Roosevelt's reforms. Now, let's think of the great socialist reforms that Roosevelt made.   Here is what I actually said:  In the end, socialism and cpaitalism have both pretty much shown themselves to be failures. Neither has really delivered on their promise and no country has actually thrived under one or the other. The US did not grow to be the economic superpower it is today under strictly a capitalist system, it was after depression era social programs that the US really took off as an economic super power.    I did not say anythign abotu whether the Us was prosperous. There is a WORLD of difference between being prosperous and being an economic superpower. We were not an economic superpower in the 20's. That did not come until aafter WWII.  How about we start with Social Security. What a great reform that turned out to be. Isn't that one of the biggest economic problems in this country today?   No, it isn't. Not even close. SS was a self funded program. The problem is not SS, the problem is the fact that the politicians have stolen all the money out of the SS trust fund. SS in and of itself has not ever really casued any problems. What it DID do was allow companies to downgrade payroll because people were not as concerned with being able to save enough money to retire. Post WWII it was a HUGE boon to US companies and Us industry because it took pension benifits out of the picture for all but the dumbest of employers.  If you take an historical-economic look back into the days of socialist reform, very little of the entire alphabet soup actually made a difference on the economy. It was the war that actually brought us out of the depression. Now, the SEC, FDIC, and Glass-Stegall Act were all reforms that were more or less safeguards from the severity of crashes but were not made to pull the economy out of the depression like the other reforms were. (CCC, NIRA, WPA, etc.) As history tells, legislation is not an economic panacea. It is usually a blight on economies. They stunt growth in order to rebalance money. They sacrifice efficiency with false promises of creating more equity.   And yet we have found that workers perform better and innovation, thus overallproductivity, increase if people have a safety net. Not only that, but crime falls if you do not have people starving to death in the street.    Let's consider what government does to help make the economy boom. Cutting taxes, not messing with the minimum wage, lowering interest rates (in other words, lowering the artificial rate floor and allowing an equilibrium point to be reached), tax breaks for incentive, etc. All these things are ways of taking government out of the economy and when they do, people prosper. This is completely against socialist thinking because it means government is not giving handouts. It is through growth that the economy is strong and socialism does not cultivate growth. How can you grow when startup costs for a business are way too high because of the minimum wage or taxes being too high. Who wants to expand overseas to a country with higher taxes? No one. That is nipping growth not helping.   Post WWII, with those terrible socialist programs in place that by your logic should have destroyed the US economy, the middle class in this country grew exponentially. More wealth was created in this country between 1945 and 1965 than from 1945 to our founding.   We have seen pure capitalism at work in this country and it led to a primarily 2 tiered society where the lowest quality goods were pushed at the highest possible prices (as opposed to the other way around which is what capitalist theory claims we would accomplish). People were generally either fabulously rich, or working for somebody who was fabulously rich and barely making enough to keep bread on the table. That is the reality of your capitalist utopia.  The other problem with capitalism also manifests itself in socialism...corruption. Nobody can argue that under our purely capitalist system corruption was not rampant. Those who had the money bought the policians, who helped ensure that they would always have the money, and those who didn't essentialylbecame second class citizens. This has not really changed that much today as our corporations spend billions to ensure that the laws passed in congress will benfiit them, even if it is to the detriment of the population at large.   Face it. Capitalism is flawed. In fact, capitalist theory is flawed from the outset. Capitalist theory essentially depends on infinite growth. Infinite growth is not possible. It is not even possible, if for no other reason for the fact that we live on a finite planet.
Fortunately, the Bolshevik Revolution failed. 1989, the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down, along with Soviet Ideology.  Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it.  Socialsim and Communism in the Soviet Union failed because the USSR spent its entire existence recovering from war. The country was bombed to hell by Germany twice, around the time of the world wars. The united states put unspeakable amounts of money into their war machine, which forced the Soviets to do the same. I, for one, would buy a gun If I knew my neighbor had six, and he wanted me dead.  The CIA and American military carried out immoral operations in 60+ countries since 1945. The soviet KGB, as far as I know, has only been in Germany, korea, China, and Afgahnistan.
Socialsim and Communism in the Soviet Union failed because the USSR spent its entire existence recovering from war. The country was bombed to hell by Germany twice, around the time of the world wars. The united states put unspeakable amounts of money into their war machine, which forced the Soviets to do the same. I, for one, would buy a gun If I knew my neighbor had six, and he wanted me dead.  The CIA and American military carried out immoral operations in 60+ countries since 1945. The soviet KGB, as far as I know, has only been in Germany, korea, China, and Afgahnistan.   Soviet Union hardly touched in WWI and in WWII managed to move most major factories beyond range of German Air force. So no, they weren't bombed to hell. Soviet Union kept a big army going after WWII causing formation of NATO. Not the other way around.  Better ask Eastern Europe South Africa etc re activities of KGB and Russian military.
Soviet Union hardly touched in WWI and in WWII managed to move most major factories beyond range of German Air force. So no, they weren't bombed to hell. Soviet Union kept a big army going after WWII causing formation of NATO. Not the other way around.  Better ask Eastern Europe South Africa etc re activities of KGB and Russian military.  How bad was the American homeland bombed in WWI and WWII?  Remember, the CIA was founded in 1947 by the truman administration, the KGB did not come into existence untill 1954, five years after nato. which one really came first?
How bad was the American homeland bombed in WWI and WWII?  Remember, the CIA was founded in 1947 by the truman administration, the KGB did not come into existence untill 1954, five years after nato. which one really came first?  Don't be silly, the KGB was only a name change. It had been going since the Bolshevik revolution c 1917 and had a history under the Czars long before that
 With no angry mob to storm the Bastille, communism simply withers on the vine. Roosevelt's reforms led to the increase in the middle class with an attendant decrease in interest in communism. It may be argued that TR, rather than RR defeated the Evil Empire.  Excellent points. I would call it a joint effort.
Don't be silly, the KGB was only a name change. It had been going since the Bolshevik revolution c 1917 and had a history under the Czars long before that  Proof? with proof, I can say CIA type activity was being carried out by teddy Roosevelt in Panama, and this is before the CIA or OSS name. The czars were overthrown, in a REVOLUTION, like the american revolution that rid us of british tyrants and gave us american ones. A chicken or or the egg question really
The government of Sweden is a constitutional monarchy with a representative democracy based on a parliamentary system. Its affairs are directed by a cabinet of ministers, which is led by a Prime Minister. The cabinet and the Prime Minister are responsible for their actions to the Riksdag. This does not suggest that Sweden is a socialist nation. It may have government programs that create security for it's 9 million people but it probably does not qualify as socialist as the creator of this thread suggest is possible. Workers do not make executive decisions.
Proof? with proof, I can say CIA type activity was being carried out by teddy Roosevelt in Panama, and this is before the CIA or OSS name. The czars were overthrown, in a REVOLUTION, like the american revolution that rid us of british tyrants and gave us american ones. A chicken or or the egg question really   Simple History.  CHEKA founded at time of Revolution c 1917/18 change to  OGPU changed to  NKGB changed to  NKVD changed to  KGB now changed to  FSB & SVR
You missed the bits about huge quantities of EU subsidy then, I take it? Basically Ireland is more of a textbook case of the effectiveness of Keynesian economic theories, with the added benefit that Ireland doesn't have to pay a lot of the money back.
It's called "priming the pump". Large quantities of money flowed into Ireland from Germany and the UK (among others) via the EU, much of it spent on infrastructure projects. Infrastructure projects have a massive multiplier effect on any money going into them. Also, a big part of Ireland's success has been due to government spending on education - a well educated work force is what attracted the likes of Intel to Ireland.  If African nations had the same circumstances Ireland had - vast quantities of free money, a tarrif-free market available to exporters with 300 million consumers a short boat ride away, then sure they'd be as successful. Don't forget that most economies are built on protectionism - that's how South Korea and most of the Asian tigers got to be powerful. I've yet to see a single example of a country managing to build home-grown industry from scratch in a free market context.
Today I woke up thinking about communism and capitalism. Over time, I've heard a lot of negative comments about capitalism--that its not 'fair' and that people are hurt by having to compete and many other things. I was thinking about how the people who espouse communism deny that the USSR was 'true communism'.   But I was thinking that there are places where 'true' communism has been practiced for thousands of years. I, of course, am referring to the tribes living in the jungle rainforests in Brazil, Africa, and S. Asia. Now, whether or not you think that one culture is 'better' or not, we can say that, in the thousands of years they've been at it, life hasn't changed much in those cultures. They have an extremely high infant mortality rate and are acceptable to minor changes in the environment (1 year drought can wipe out a whole village, etc). These villages share everything. One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Now, capitalism has only been for a few hundred years and our society has literally rocketed from agrarian to the moon. IMO This is indicative of the effort people will generate when they are able to accumulate private property.  I'd like to get some feedback from both sides on this issue, especially people who think that capitalism isn't a good system. Thanks!
I would recommending reading this description of Marxism:  http://www.fredoneverything.net/Marx.shtml    .
I would recommending reading this description of Marxism:  http://www.fredoneverything.net/Marx.shtml    .   LOVED it brother!
Cun, the USSR was not Communist.   For a nation to be communist, a few things need to be in place: 1) Rule by the workers, essentially a democracy 2) Classless Society 3) Communal Ownership  Now, if you look at the USSR, it was run by a few men, or one man at any one point in time. The workers had virtually no say in the direction of the nation or policy. That is antithetical to Communism. Second, classes did exist. Those higher up within the military as well as those in the party were significently better off and had more rights and powers then the average citizen. The scientists in the military and research cities had much more ownership rights and were rewarded based on a capitalistic method. The more research and applied concepts they produced the more stuff they got, like fridges and cars.   That's not a Marxist Communist nation.
CUNx,  One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Why are these necessarily the most important values for a society to have?  Sounds more than a bit ethnocentric to me.emoticon_smile
CUNx,  One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Why are these necessarily the most important values for a society to have?  Sounds more than a bit ethnocentric to me.emoticon_smile  Perhaps, but my wife watches a show called living with the Mek. Those people haven't changed in 1000 years and they still have a high infant mortality rate, the entire tribe faces death when there is the slightest trouble with the food supply, and they're susceptible to every disease and have no medicine. One bad year can wipe an entire tribe out.
Cun, the USSR was not Communist.   For a nation to be communist, a few things need to be in place: 1) Rule by the workers, essentially a democracy 2) Classless Society 3) Communal Ownership  Now, if you look at the USSR, it was run by a few men, or one man at any one point in time. The workers had virtually no say in the direction of the nation or policy. That is antithetical to Communism. Second, classes did exist. Those higher up within the military as well as those in the party were significently better off and had more rights and powers then the average citizen. The scientists in the military and research cities had much more ownership rights and were rewarded based on a capitalistic method. The more research and applied concepts they produced the more stuff they got, like fridges and cars.   That's not a Marxist Communist nation.  No, but the Mek are!
First, I'm sure that the Cuban's report whatever they feel is 'good' for Cuba. But I'm sure the difference between Cuba and the US is nothing compared to the US and the Mek or even Mexico and the Mek.
Debates about what the "better" system is are as old as the hills and frankly will (IMO) never be resolved for the simple fact that there are serious problems with both systems. For every example like the Mek, I could give you 10 examples of poor, starving trabes in Africa that are based on a capitalist system. Neither system seems to ensure prosperity or to even increase the odds of prosperity.  Part of the problem with capitalism is with our implementation of capitalism, which more closely resembles feudalism than any classic picture of capitalism. Maybe it is a fundamental weakness of capitalist systems that those who manage to acquire wealth will use that wealth to influence whatever governing power exists in order to codify unfair advantages for themselves. It has certainly happened in every capitalist society we have ever seen, so maybe it is inherent to the capitalist system.   In all practicality the "best" system for now is probably some mix of the two. IMO part of what has hampered our development as a species over the last several decades has been the idea that there are essentially 2 choices when it comes to the system we live under and we MUST pick one and defend it. The day may well come that we recognize that NEITHER system is the answer to all the worlds ills.   In the mean time, we seem to have an awful lot of people who would not know a free market if they tripped over it running around arguing that letting the free market sort out industries like the oil industry and health care industry, which are not free market industries either in practice or by their very nature.   That seems to pollute the issue quite a bit.
Debates about what the "better" system is are as old as the hills and frankly will (IMO) never be resolved for the simple fact that there are serious problems with both systems. For every example like the Mek, I could give you 10 examples of poor, starving trabes in Africa that are based on a capitalist system. Neither system seems to ensure prosperity or to even increase the odds of prosperity.  And more pointed, Somalia during the warlord eras was essentially anarchy. That is absolutely free capitalism. Yet Somalia's GDP actually decreased significently during those times of absolute free capitalism.   Maybe it is a fundamental weakness of capitalist systems that those who manage to acquire wealth will use that wealth to influence whatever governing power exists in order to codify unfair advantages for themselves. It has certainly happened in every capitalist society we have ever seen, so maybe it is inherent to the capitalist system.  That is assumed with Capitalism. The very framework for capitalism to operate properly is one that can be manipulated by those within it.   In the mean time, we seem to have an awful lot of people who would not know a free market if they tripped over it running around arguing that letting the free market sort out industries like the oil industry and health care industry, which are not free market industries either in practice or by their very nature.  Well that is partially due to their failure to understand what capitalism actually is. One user I was talking to said that a capitalistic market will take care of the uninsured. He fled the scene after I discussed that capitalist ventures only allocate resources towards things that will be profitable. Uninsured and poverty healthcare is a money losing proposition. Therefore no capitalist venture will engage in it.
Well, I'm basing this on figures from the CIA World Factbook. Are you saying the CIA trusts Cuban propaganda? emoticon_xclown   Their track record hasn't been sparkling, ever since Clinton dismantled them in the 90's.emoticon_xclown
Now, capitalism has only been for a few hundred years and our society has literally rocketed from agrarian to the moon. IMO This is indicative of the effort people will generate when they are able to accumulate private property.  I'd like to get some feedback from both sides on this issue, especially people who think that capitalism isn't a good system. Thanks!  The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.
The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.  Which shows that early development for many things is properly done in the public setting (which is seems to be true given the huge grants to universities) while commercial development and refinement is done best in the private sector.   This isn't a bad thing. In fact this may be the best allocation of resources. Capitalism generally does not allocate resources to ventures it believes may not work where public financing often does.
The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.   I think you have a point in some respects, but it is generally the profit incentive that really pushes and drives advances. Bell's telephone networks are still running and Edison's light bulb is lighting the way. The dishwasher to the automobile to the many patents of GE have all been private. Look at other countries (ie. the former USSR and China) who generally rely on stolen technology for their economies and military, since the real breakthroughs come from profit motivated systems.
I think you have a point in some respects, but it is generally the profit incentive that really pushes and drives advances. Bell's telephone networks are still running and Edison's light bulb is lighting the way. The dishwasher to the automobile to the many patents of GE have all been private. Look at other countries (ie. the former USSR and China) who generally rely on stolen technology for their economies and military, since the real breakthroughs come from profit motivated systems.  These are pretty bad examples since both the nations electrical grid and the phone system were constructed almost entirely using public monies.   There seems to be some disconnect here when it comes to the definition of capitalism. Capitalism does not necessarily preclude the possibility of government investment in some areas, particularly infrastructure investment. If not for government investment, we would not be much better off than some of those tribes were were discussing earlier that despite a capitalist structure are still running around in loin cloths chucking spears at their dinner.  Look at the automobile. Before Henry Ford even finished his first factory he had employed people who did nothing but travel around trying to convince state and local governments to install automobile friendly roads. Automobiles were not well suited for the wagon tracks that passed for roads in most of the country and Ford knew that if governments, starting with federal followed by state and local, could not be convinced to install the better roads that led consumers to purchase automobiles that his brain child was going to be stillborn.   This is what a lot of the "free market" advocates cannot seem to get their heads wrapped around. "The market" does a pretty decent job of spurring innovation when it comes to short term projects. When it comes to the longer view, the "free market" falls flat on its face because if there is not a profit there in the immediate and foreseeable future, nobody is going to do it. I have actually seen people argue for a market supplied solution to road building and maintenance. The argument falls flat on its face in the face of logical discussion and real world experience.  We are getting into a "free market" type debate of late when it comes to alternative energy research and if the free marketers have their way, we are going to end up in a crisis with large numbers of Americans starving in the streets (literally). It may already be too late.  The problem is that we are coming up on peak oil. At this point the only question is which year we passed it. The problem is that Alternative energy is still not really profitable for the most part and will not be for several more years. Thus far, the government has funded over 80% of AE research that has been done, so even the relatively minimal strides we have made there are thanks to government funding. Where the real problem comes is when oil production starts to decline. Studies have shown that in order to make it through that with only minimal disruptions (and even the "minimal disruptions" scenario sounds pretty bad when you consider our current lifestyles) we will have needed to start a CRASH PROGRAM similar to the Manhattan project 20 years before it occurs.   This is jsut not something that free markets do well  It is worth noting when discussing the relative merits of capitalism and socialism that both terms denote a means of production, no more, no less. Anything else that you amy attach to the terms is emotional baggage.
Dae,  I hear you and have said many times that I'm not a Laissez Faire type guy. My point was that the ability to accumulate capital (personal property) is the reason that the US is the country it is today. Sure there's a place for the govt. in ANY system, including this one. However, the reason our country has done so well, for so long and the reason we're so productive as workers is the fact that we have a right to participate in the system and accumulate wealth.   Yes, the govt. will be needed to provide certain services. Yes, it is necessary to have rules, taxes, and a govt. to provide security and facilitate trade and etc... I've never said any different. However, there's a difference between saying that and saying that everything good has come through the govt. That's not true and if it was the USSR (or Germany) would rule the world today. The private sector is what drives the govt. and the economy. Without the Private Sector, there wouldn't be any govt. or tax money or tax payers to fund all the wonderful things that the govt. does. But too much govt. and the private sector whithers and with it, the govt. as well.
Dae,  I hear you and have said many times that I'm not a Laissez Faire type guy. My point was that the ability to accumulate capital (personal property) is the reason that the US is the country it is today. Sure there's a place for the govt. in ANY system, including this one. However, the reason our country has done so well, for so long and the reason we're so productive as workers is the fact that we have a right to participate in the system and accumulate wealth.   Yes, the govt. will be needed to provide certain services. Yes, it is necessary to have rules, taxes, and a govt. to provide security and facilitate trade and etc... I've never said any different. However, there's a difference between saying that and saying that everything good has come through the govt. That's not true and if it was the USSR (or Germany) would rule the world today. The private sector is what drives the govt. and the economy. Without the Private Sector, there wouldn't be any govt. or tax money or tax payers to fund all the wonderful things that the govt. does. But too much govt. and the private sector whithers and with it, the govt. as well. I think you undervalue the combination of poor immigrants and vast untapped natural resources as it pertains to our success.
Your argument doesn't hold up. The economy of the USSR went from feudal agrarian to industrial in less than half a century. The proletariat at the time of the revolution numbered 4% of the population. The command economy catapulted the USSR to superpower status, which it only lost as a result of trying to maintain military superiority (40% of GDP on arms is going to do that). Many criticisms can be made of the USSR, lack of economic growth is not one of them. When capitalism was allowed in, look at the mess that resulted.   First of all, the people of the USSR were whipped into submission for that entire time. Not only didn't they have freedom, they didn't have meat, butter, or any of those 'little extras' we're so used to here. They were slaves to the state, basically. It's completely ludicrous to think that the 'average' citizen of the USSR lived in any comparable comfort to Westerners. Of course, those are the ones who lived and weren't murdered by Stalin or the KGB. GREAT PLACE, YEAH!!!!!!
First of all, the people of the USSR were whipped into submission for that entire time. Not only didn't they have freedom, they didn't have meat, butter, or any of those 'little extras' we're so used to here. They were slaves to the state, basically. It's completely ludicrous to think that the 'average' citizen of the USSR lived in any comparable comfort to Westerners. Of course, those are the ones who lived and weren't murdered by Stalin or the KGB. GREAT PLACE, YEAH!!!!!!  And you think that the tyranny and oppression under which the Soviets lived was the result of their economic system???
And you think that the tyranny and oppression under which the Soviets lived was the result of their economic system???   Actually, the only way a govt. could ever control a person enough to supplant their natural wish for freedom and opportunity is to brutally subjugate them. So, yes, actually, the brutality IS a result of their economic system. If the people (in the USSR) had had the ability to participate in the economic system then they wouldn't have had to have been suppressed like that. Look at China now (and Cuba, etc...) the reason that communist citizens must be totally controlled is because they aren't free and because that economic system can't produce enough of the products that people need (much less the products they want).
You continue to neglect the very recent pre-industrial starting points of all these countries. I should also point out that America's wealth was built on slavery too. The reason the USSR couldn't provide for its people was that it was spending 40% of GDP on armaments and empire building. Political freedom has little to do with economic systems, most ordinary citizens have little control over what is produced by the economy, and what goods are available to them. A democratically controlled command economy would actually have more scope for freedom than the current plutocratic system. Every time a country has attempted democratic socialism, the CIA have intervened backing death squads and the like to suppress it. Ever heard of the School of the Americas?   The STARTING POINT of EVERYTHING was 'pre-industrial'. The US started with a couple of boat loads of people. How's that for a slow start? Hell, the USSR and others had to fence people in to their 'utopian' wonderland. As for the US wealth being built on Slavery, that's just plain wrong. The agrairian South (Actually the South East really) was the only place in the US that used slaves. The general culture of the south was poor and rural. The US spent much more ridding our country of slaver (durring the Civil war) than that economic system ever produced.  "A democratically controlled command economy"? Yeah, right. Private Property is what gives people the incentive to be productive. Again, the proof is in the pudding. The US isn't the most populous country nor is it the biggest. It certainly isn't the oldest. But something about this young country has propelled not only us but much of the rest of the world into the modern era with a huge middle class and a robust economy that's produced more wealth, as well as technological and medical advances. What is it that makes the US so great? One of the biggest reasons is our SYSTEM. The system that allows people to control their own economic destiny.
The STARTING POINT of EVERYTHING was 'pre-industrial'. The US started with a couple of boat loads of people. How's that for a slow start? Hell, the USSR and others had to fence people in to their 'utopian' wonderland. As for the US wealth being built on Slavery, that's just plain wrong. The agrairian South (Actually the South East really) was the only place in the US that used slaves. The general culture of the south was poor and rural. The US spent much more ridding our country of slaver (durring the Civil war) than that economic system ever produced.  "A democratically controlled command economy"? Yeah, right. Private Property is what gives people the incentive to be productive. Again, the proof is in the pudding. The US isn't the most populous country nor is it the biggest. It certainly isn't the oldest. But something about this young country has propelled not only us but much of the rest of the world into the modern era with a huge middle class and a robust economy that's produced more wealth, as well as technological and medical advances. What is it that makes the US so great? One of the biggest reasons is our SYSTEM. The system that allows people to control their own economic destiny.  LOL. Not exactly.   The US was originally populated as part of the European imperial drive which was itself the result of the fact that Europe was starting to bump up against some pretty serious resource constraints so they were essentially forced to adopt a (very expensive) drive to increase their territory and, by proxy, their resource base.  The US was a HUGE land just chalk full of the kind of natural resources that Europe needed. Initially it was this massive resource base that allowed the US to prosper (but only with some decidedly un-capitalist measures to encourage people to emigrate here to exploit those resources). As natural resources in Europe and England dwindled, the US make an enormous amount of money exploiting and selling ours. by 1915 fully half of the worlds gold reserves (talking bullion and coins here...not gold in place) had been produced by the United States.   What actually allowed the US to emerge as a world leader and the richest nation in the world was WWII. Prior to WWII (and prior to the depression) Americans had a reasonably good standard of living, but nothing to write home about. Most Europeans had a comparable standard of living with many countries actually surpassing the US in that regard. When WWII came along, our government instituted massive spending programs to tool up for the war. They were careful to ensure that the money they spent for wartime production would not be wasted when the war was over. They ensured that the factories, etc.. that were built could serve a dual purpose...they could be quickly converted to civilian production in a post war world.  Post WWII we had the only intact industrial infrastructure on the planet. That gave us a pretty good edge when it came to trade. We sold the rest of the world consumer goods. WE sold them industrial goods. We financed all the sales and collected interest on them for the next 20 years. If there was ever a "golden age" for america, that was it. Incomes shot through the roof, standard of living shot through the roof, debt hit an all time low (people did not need to borrow...they were making too much money to need that...only about 20% of people even took out mortgages for their homes). Since all that growth was the result of the production of tangible value, inflation was not even a problem.   We made so much money in the post WWII manufacturing boom that it pretty much has allowed us to live on our national "savings" and rack up debt for the last 30 years, which from an industrial standpoint have been largely unproductive. That is also why we are now the worlds biggest debtor nation, our treasury secretary keeps having to get up in front of congress and warn that we are nearing insolvency, and our comptroller keeps warning us that we may well end up a third world nation within the next couple decades.   None of this is the result of capitalism. In fact the resource exploitation that pretty much funded the country for the first half of its existence was primarily the result of socialist like policies.   I will be the first to agree that capitalism is a pretty good system but you seem to have a real problem with the relationship between correlation and causation.
LOL. Not exactly.   The US was originally populated as part of the European imperial drive which was itself the result of the fact that Europe was starting to bump up against some pretty serious resource constraints so they were essentially forced to adopt a (very expensive) drive to increase their territory and, by proxy, their resource base.  The US was a HUGE land just chalk full of the kind of natural resources that Europe needed. Initially it was this massive resource base that allowed the US to prosper (but only with some decidedly un-capitalist measures to encourage people to emigrate here to exploit those resources). As natural resources in Europe and England dwindled, the US make an enormous amount of money exploiting and selling ours. by 1915 fully half of the worlds gold reserves (talking bullion and coins here...not gold in place) had been produced by the United States.   What actually allowed the US to emerge as a world leader and the richest nation in the world was WWII. Prior to WWII (and prior to the depression) Americans had a reasonably good standard of living, but nothing to write home about. Most Europeans had a comparable standard of living with many countries actually surpassing the US in that regard. When WWII came along, our government instituted massive spending programs to tool up for the war. They were careful to ensure that the money they spent for wartime production would not be wasted when the war was over. They ensured that the factories, etc.. that were built could serve a dual purpose...they could be quickly converted to civilian production in a post war world.  Post WWII we had the only intact industrial infrastructure on the planet. That gave us a pretty good edge when it came to trade. We sold the rest of the world consumer goods. WE sold them industrial goods. We financed all the sales and collected interest on them for the next 20 years. If there was ever a "golden age" for america, that was it. Incomes shot through the roof, standard of living shot through the roof, debt hit an all time low (people did not need to borrow...they were making too much money to need that...only about 20% of people even took out mortgages for their homes). Since all that growth was the result of the production of tangible value, inflation was not even a problem.   We made so much money in the post WWII manufacturing boom that it pretty much has allowed us to live on our national "savings" and rack up debt for the last 30 years, which from an industrial standpoint have been largely unproductive. That is also why we are now the worlds biggest debtor nation, our treasury secretary keeps having to get up in front of congress and warn that we are nearing insolvency, and our comptroller keeps warning us that we may well end up a third world nation within the next couple decades.   None of this is the result of capitalism. In fact the resource exploitation that pretty much funded the country for the first half of its existence was primarily the result of socialist like policies.   I will be the first to agree that capitalism is a pretty good system but you seem to have a real problem with the relationship between correlation and causation.   Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  As other posters have pointed out, climate has a lot to do with it, as does the fact that they had their industrial revolution later than we did and did not have the socialist, anti private property policies that the US had in place to encourage productive resource utilization. Additionally, while they do have large amounts of some resources, they were not lucky enough to end up with literally millions of tons of gold that they could just wash out of streams or that could be accessed with 19th century mining technology.   The USSR failed because we engaged them in an expensive proxy war for decades, after they took MASSIVE losses in WWII.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  Interestingly enough, it has relatively little to do with capitalism. The USSR industrialized and grew its GDP to relatively near the the US, except it did it in 30~40 years where the US took 200. Britain took even longer. That's a serious accomplishment. What is preventing Russia to grow outside of hydrocarbons it is serious lack of the necessary legal and regulatory framework for capitalism to function. Perestroika & Glasnost essentially screwed over Russia. Too much too soon. It's not Communism vs Capitalism that is preventing Russian growth. It is the lack of a proper legal and regulatory framework.
The climate certainly has an impact, as does the starting point, which you keep trying to wriggle out of. Russia only emancipated its serfs in the late 19th century, something which happened centuries earlier in western europe. It took the capitalist system 300 years to achieve what centralised planning managed in 50. It's also worth noting that during the quickest phases of development, both the US and western europe were heavily protectionist and supportive of their own industries, they developed best with the addition of central support, much as China is doing today and South Korea did previously.  The USSR wasn't EVER able to properly support its people. The only reason that system was able to last as long as it did was because the people were beaten into submission. The people of the USSR and other communist countries only allowed the system to persist because they either were 1. in control or 2. controlled. That communist could ever compete with capitalism is impossible and wouldn't have lasted half as long as it did without the iron fist of the govt.  @dae You want to talk about Massive losses, Stalin killed 20,000,000 people. Obviously they had population to spare.  @ O.C. I'm talking more about the USSR, not so much the problems of Russia today (which are many). The point is that A. communism never competed with capitalism economically since we were able to win the Guns AND Butter races and B. the main difference is that people in capitalist societies participate because they CAN and in Communist countries because the HAVE to. People are much more productive doing things that the choose to do rather than things they are forced to do....
The USSR wasn't EVER able to properly support its people. The only reason that system was able to last as long as it did was because the people were beaten into submission. The people of the USSR and other communist countries only allowed the system to persist because they either were 1. in control or 2. controlled. That communist could ever compete with capitalism is impossible and wouldn't have lasted half as long as it did without the iron fist of the govt.  And then somebody whispers "Sweden" and your entire argument swirls down the toilet. Sweden is a nation of granola crunching socialists and they have the highest standard of living in the world...higher even than the US.   I admit that I have not kept up on world events quite as well since I retired, but I have not seen any stories about Swedish death camps or about the tyrannical conditions under which the swedes live.   @dae You want to talk about Massive losses, Stalin killed 20,000,000 people. Obviously they had population to spare.   They did have population to spare....especially since so much of their industrial infrastructure and so many of their major cities had been completely WIPED OUT. That is why we won the "guns and butter" race. They had to start the race by building an entirely new industrial infrastructure and rebuilding several major cities. We started the race with a brand new industrial infrastructure and no war damage.   In that same vein...how many European nations, which started rebuilding at the same time as the Soviets, but with massive aid from the US, managed to rebuild into a superpower?? I can not think of any off the top of my head.
I don't think the all the people in the US participate out of choice, for many they are forced to work horrendous hours for sub-survivable wages in order to scrape by. The unemployed are forced into work long distances from home simply to satisfy the middle class lust for punishment of the poor, with no thought to helping them secure retraining and a long term future. Not to mention all those living with chronic illnesses because they can't afford insurance or medical fees.  Jo, even unemployeed people on welfare have flatscreen tvs and cable.
[QUOTE]And then somebody whispers "Sweden" and your entire argument swirls down the toilet. Sweden is a nation of granola crunching socialists and they have the highest standard of living in the world...higher even than the US.   Except the difference is that Sweden makes its money laundering everyone ELSE'S dirty money.   I admit that I have not kept up on world events quite as well since I retired, but I have not seen any stories about Swedish death camps or about the tyrannical conditions under which the swedes live.   No, and if the US was a tiny, mountainous, homogeneous country made of gold and banks full of well educated people who don't mind working for a living, we probably wouldn't have half the problems we have here today. But of course, then everyone would be speaking German, Italian, and Japoneese and the world would be just GREAT! yeehaa!    They did have population to spare....especially since so much of their industrial infrastructure and so many of their major cities had been completely WIPED OUT. That is why we won the "guns and butter" race. They had to start the race by building an entirely new industrial infrastructure and rebuilding several major cities. We started the race with a brand new industrial infrastructure and no war damage.   In that same vein...how many European nations, which started rebuilding at the same time as the Soviets, but with massive aid from the US, managed to rebuild into a superpower?? I can not think of any off the top of my head.   Actually, their industrial infrastructure was put on trains and moved East to avoid war damage AND the US gave them plenty of Aid during the war. But I guess the fact that the entire 100,000,000 (-20,000,000 killed) population were basically slave labor helped too! And they were able to keep them enslaved for about 50 more years, until they realized its better to be free (and have butter and TV's)
Prove it. Prove that every unemployed person has cable and a flatscreen TV. Heck, prove to me that more than half have them.  I happen to know many people who receive benefits of various kinds. The particular example I was thinking of is a couple who have (including 2 of hers from a previous relationship) 4 kids, a drug problem, AND a computer and a flat screen TV. They get jobs every now and then but, as I said, still manage to keep the cable on (most of the time). Also, as I've said before, I grew up very poor in MD. I knew many people (and still do) who got food stamps (now called the independence cardemoticon_frazzled ) and HBO, they didn't have flat screens then-lol. There many, many examples of this. Our poor should be the envy of the world (or are) and most of their problems are, one way or another, of their own making.   EDIT: learn the difference between Sweden and Switzerland.  LOL, my glasses broke and its getting rather embarrassing
LOL, my glasses broke and its getting rather embarrassing  I too would be embarrassed, if I was as ignorant as you.
I too would be embarrassed, if I was as ignorant as you.  Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  Cunxtime was liked and respected by all but a few on this site. Dont be too offended by some insults..We all give and recieve them from time to time,its part of the fun! Thank you for confiming what most of us suspected but the person that insulted Sep would not have known that he had passed away. Maybe you will stick around and become one of the regular combatants! Please give my/our regards to Seps widow who was kind enough to let us know how ill he was.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  You have my condolences over the passing of your brother.
Condolences too. What a happy coincidence that you should log on to this site a mere 6 hours after a passing troll registers here and attacks Sep's two years old post. I'm confident you'll be able to quickly pick up the skills in order to defend your dead brother's reputation, and indeed establish one of your own. Welcome.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  My condolences on your lost. Your brother had a keen mind. We enjoyed his wit as well.  We hope you stay a while.
   ... But I was thinking that there are places where 'true' communism has been practiced for thousands of years. I, of course, am referring to the tribes living in the jungle rainforests in Brazil, Africa, and S. Asia. ...   Yes, the term communism has many different meanings.   Ludwik Kowalski (see Wikipedia) .
