It Depends. If its like Canada's, then no way.   I don' t really know much about Canda's plan...what don't you like about it?
speaking as a canada, the main problem is.....TAX. Well to us Tax is a big problem, it costs like 15 percent of our annual income, and because of the free nature of the hosiptals quality of care goes down as people free-load off tax payers. So quality and taxes are the big problems.
speaking as a canada, the main problem is.....TAX. Well to us Tax is a big problem, it costs like 15 percent of our annual income, and because of the free nature of the hosiptals quality of care goes down as people free-load off tax payers. So quality and taxes are the big problems.   Thanks, Draconins...this is an issue that I would really like to learn more about, so if you or anyone else has links to studes about qualtry of care, tax rate, etc. please post. As a Canadian, then, would you prefer our (US) system? I don't claim to know which is better, but keep in mind that there are 40 million people, and some feel that it is higher than this (40 milion is more people than live in all of Canada) that don't have health insurance, and thus have a difficult time being able to see a doctor at all.
We don't want your system mainly because although the quality and taxes of ours is horrible we would rather wait 10 hours for half a hospital bed then wait infinite hours for nothing.
We don't want your system mainly because although the quality and taxes of ours is horrible we would rather wait 10 hours for half a hospital bed then wait infinite hours for nothing.  Yes, there is not solution, I believe that is better for everyone. I think that one very unfair claim that I hear over and over, though, is that America has the best health care system in the world. This is true only if you can afford it. Because Bill Gates gets the best treatment possible does not prove, I believe, that our system is better for me. Also curious to the argument of our system being the best is that nobody else in the world seems to want it. Thanks for you comments Draconis, I think that it is really important for people who live with national health care to give their thoughts....
Hi, I'm for a national health program because I know people that are paying 12,000 a year for medical insurance. These people are in their 50's and cann't get medicare. When people are dieing on the street it's getting real bad. Where I live now the state has Tenncare which is better than nothing. Tenncare treats people like second class citzens. Tenncare is for the poor and people that cann't get insurance at all because of medical problems.    Thanks, Bill.
I am totally for national health. Sure the British NHS has it's problems, but it is the basic obligation of government to care for it's citizens.    The only way to do it is to force other people to pay for it--i.e. slavery. And slavery is bad, mmmkay? Err how?   And does that mean that the police force should only help victims who can pay for their support? After all it would be unfair to force other people to pay for the police when they don't need them themselves.
Is it true that the treatment for cancer in the free British system is pain medication? No, not at all. As said before, while not perfect it is hardly near the horror stories a lot of the news. The stories that make the news are the exception rather than the rule. These are the saem papers that are convinced that within a decade we will all be descendants of illegal afgan immigrants...
Well to us Tax is a big problem, it costs like 15 percent of our annual income.  The big problem is that most of that tax money neither goes towards the needs or the wants of the American people, and all the tax money is coming from the middle class. While the less than 5% wealthy doesn't pay any taxes after their tax returns. If we solved this problem then we would have more than enough money to pay for a free health care.
The top 10% of people in this country pay 67% of the taxes. Most of the money from the middle class? No, not at all. I hate to bust your bubble pal but. the low income & middle class pay more than the wealthy. It is a fact of life. National heath care that would be great it could relieve a lot of expense if it is done right so were can we get a good liberal to head this project. Because the Conservatives are not qualified for this job they have made a mess already in 3 years.
I just told you that that wasn't true. Look up the statistics for yourself if you don't believe me or show me statistics that say otherwise.  Back it up dude, because every economists in the country says that the middle class pays the most taxes. So, back up your facts, give us a link to prove it.
You are the one telling me I am wrong, quote me three economists who have said that.  I watch financial news every day. I have NEVER heard any economist EVER say that. It's absurd.  It's not my responsibility to do your research. If my statistic is wrong point me to your correct one.  Can you do it? Let's see.  No you're the one claiming it to be true, you prove it. You're the one making the claim. As far as I can tell, you don't know what you're talking about, and I won't waist my time researching, when you obviously have proof. If you're right and can provide the facts to back it up. I'll agree with you. I don't have to prove a thing to you.
I just told you that that wasn't true. Look up the statistics for yourself if you don't believe me or show me statistics that say otherwise. It is like I said in other post statistics are like rigged or something you can't always believe what they tell you. The government is always lieing we have to stop being so gullible and stop believing there garbage.
That's just an exuse to allow you to ignore statistics so that you can pretend your positions make better since.   Well, go check out the proof I got you in the Politics thread you'll get a kick out it.   But seriously dude, who old are you? Cause if you're just a kid I'll take it easy on you and just ignore you.
Work in the health care business then? Or is there another reason for this?  Anyone got the stats on the equivalent level of health insurance you would get if you paid as much money as you would do from tax to the NHS?
Well, go check out the proof I got you in the Politics thread you'll get a kick out it.   But seriously dude, who old are you? Cause if you're just a kid I'll take it easy on you and just ignore you. Amen amen amen Amen. Yea.
A better combination is of both, so if you have the money and don't want to wait or the surgury is particularlily rare or difficult you can go elsewhere, though in most cases you would not
You do get money and power, you do realise they do get paid? They just ascend in ranks as they would normally, the fact that their money comes out from the government rather than the hospital itself means nothing.  I wouldn't say it is a very money and power job though, without a great deal of 'wanting to help fellow man' they would have a hard time getting through medical school. Though the best doctors are paid a lot.  On the otherhand it does mean that you get a better spread of doctors, as they can be assigned to different hospitals to lend experience rather than being tended to be attracted toward the better hospitals and means you can have a better range of available specialists
If you are rich of course you can get additional services from private medical care, or even just going abroad for treatment if you really had to.  As for the first example, thats just stupid. There is always a limited supply of donor organs, so you think that the heavy drinker with inoperable cancer should get a liver before a 19 medical student, or a young mother of two because they have less money (in these cases we are not dealing with 'enough' money, but which transplantees have the most, organs have practically no upward limit)? Docters make these descions anyway as even in private medical care as there is still limited resources like bed space and all descions are not made off money alone (which is far scarier to me than your Stalinist idea of national healthcare).  As for the health issues that is a slightly different topic, ciggarettes and alcholo already require a certain age to buy them as they are unhealthy, drugs are just outright illegal. The government doesn't force people to be more healthy but it does spend resources to encourage people to do so (ad campaigns for 5 peices of fruit a day, sponsoring kids sports and giving money to sports centres). It taxs tobacco intensively to discourage people from smoking (and in a way to provide some aditonal money to treat them amoung other things), I see no problem with this.  Lawsuits are really just the same as they are anywhere else (but there is less of a lawsuit culture here), you don;t sue the government, you sue the doctor or the hospital. The government doesn't have to pick up the bill, it is just paid for out of the hospital's budget as it would be anyway.  Statistics always end up showing that it is the poorer section of society that always 'spends' the most on healthcare, in a health insurance system these are the people who can least afford the treatments they are more likely to need.
So in the US, if in a hospital there are two patients, the heavy drinker with inoperable cancer and the young mother of two, and both need a liver transplant - you ask both whether they mind giving their life for the other one. Failing that its an auction over the liver?  There is a board that decides who gets what in our hospitals and it is decided by age, dependants, immediate need and chance of success of the operation. How can there be a fairer method? If you can afford it you can go private somewhere else but think this is a little more difficult for this kind of example (as it means going to another country or area at least as opposed to a different wing).  Not sure on the last question, think it is actually the docters, if you want more you have to pay for it but it really depends on the treatment in question.
Meh, I'm just not imaginative enough to think of decent names to call people.  Think that issue really depends how socialist the country is, but even then if hospitals are not allowed to free lance their work (I can kind of see the justification, they don't want them to spend time dealing with minor problems for extra money rather than serious problems on teh NHS) then there could easily be pure private hospitals. Really though it works in teh governments favour to allow private wings in hospitals as it focuses experience and money on one place rather than seperating it out (the NHS docters can ask for advice from more experienced private speicalists. Even private docters are nor purely in it for the money and would likely lend a hand like this), government would also have the option of renting out the private facilites if in need of specialist equipment it couldn't afford to by itself (for uncommon treatments)
Really? If you were to look at the insurance you would need for the maximum available treatments on the NHS how would it compare to the equivalent in US medical insurance against the amount spent per tax payer on it?
OK, have the numbers for 2002 (couldn't find anything more recent with a quick look) and the NHS got 850 million pounds (about 12/13 hundred million dollars I reckon). This was spread over a population of 60,094,648 so that is just over 14 pounds a year each. (about 19$).  What does 19 dollars of medical insurance get you- good, bad, off the scale at either end?
we're the only industrialized nation in the world that does not have national healthcare, and 44 million americans do not have insurance. this is inexcusable for the richest country in the world. i have many friends in canada and europe who say that the healthcare there is great and there's no problem with it.
the problem isnt the dirt poor.. but the people who earn just above the minimum level. They wont be entitled to health care coverages, but cant easily afford the large expenses either.  Even routine checks can easily cost a couple hundred dollars.   Another big issue is that insurance companies hold a stranglehold.  I know a couple of people who are doctors, who complain about having to negotiate lengthily with insurance companies to make them cover expensive treatments. Time that could be spent better taking care of patients. Changing a treatment or medication is likewise extremely risky.  My brother in law recently had to switch to a new type of medication, because the old one would destroyhis liver. This will cost about 500 dollars per month, and his insurance company is refusing to cover the new medicine.
Hi, I'm new to these forums and was kind of curious on how both the U.S. and Nation Health Care (Canada, Gernmany) works...  I'm doing a debate in my wlefare class on this topic:  11/8: Debate 8: The U.S. health care system would be improved by adopting a national health insurance program that guarantees health care for everyone. This approach should be similar to (you may choose Canada, Germany, France or another country that has such a program.) The Against position would take a position against a national health insurance program.)   My position assigned is to be for the U.S. adopting a National Health Care.  I'm having trouble finding information on this policy adoption and am wondering where everyone else is getting their facts. I'm supposed to debate against another classmate and you guys in this forum seem to be doing pretty well, my main focus country is Canada and thier policies.  One other thing, can anyone provide me with any information gerarding the costs/problems/issues the U.S. would face if the National Health Care policy was adopted....  Thank you so much, any information would greatly be appreciated...  -Errol
 The top 10% of people in this country pay 67% of the taxes. Most of the money from the middle class? No, not at all.  What is your source for this?  Someone disagree's below, but no one provides a source. This is a major problem with the burden of proof. People just keep ********ting each other and no one has any sources.   we're the only industrialized nation in the world that does not have national healthcare, and 44 million americans do not have insurance. this is inexcusable for the richest country in the world. i have many friends in canada and europe who say that the healthcare there is great and there's no problem with it.  Don't you know that socialism is bad and socialism is "teh" evil communist sister? Therefore SOcial Healthcare is bad, despite the fact that millions don't have healthcare. Oh well, they are poor. They deserve to die.
 This is my little rant about America though. We bring most of our medical problems on ourselves, as the old saying goes: "you are what you eat". We have tons of alcoholics, smokers, and McDonalds lovers. I don't think I really need to spit out statistics saying how bad these things are and the effects it has on the body. Plus many Americans don't have proper hygeine and never get the proper amount of sleep. These factors can all cause one to fall prey to illnesses.  Note that everything isn't a mere lifestyle illness. Not even all Diabeties are.  Even if they are lifestyle illnesses...do we just let them die or get sick and harm their families? If you cannot fix the problem, you can only try to alleviate it. Problems will always exist. Humans are lazy and problematic by nature.    Don't get me wrong though, I understand there is a 9-5 single mom busting her XXX for her three kids who are all under the age of 5 because some dead beat father up and left. I feel sympathy for that person in such a situation, but it's also not fair for people to take up the burden of others misfortunes.   If you understood, you woulnd't only be thinking in terms of return-investment calculus. It's also not fair for the mother either, but the common excuse used to allow any injustice is: Life isn't fair. The problem with a lot of people is they treat everything as an investment in their Rational Self Interst, which is partly Rand's silly fault, not ethical thought.  Rand's work is hardly even an Ethical Theory. It's mass produced novel material. It's like taking Robert Heinlein's world seriously in SST.    So in short NHS is just not going to work.  Tigerlilly, you are right about Socialism being Communism's evil sister though.   What is your definition of not working? Is everything Socialist bad? Think Carefully.  I know plenty who are middle class in Canada who say the healthcare they receive is adequate. Some complain, some don't. Yes, it takes money. Everything important costs money.  What do you do with people who cannot afford healthcare? Let them die because it's not a return investment? Is money the only ethical concern Objectivists use?   However, it's flawed by human nature to have doctors skimming off the top, low quality, malpractices, and the tax hikes would be insane.  SO low quality for "some" is worse than no quality for millions? Of course! They aren't a return investment to the majority of greedy people.  I pay my taxes. I don't complain, because I know it's helping millions of people collectively who cannot help themselves. I am not poor. I can live a pretty good life. No, I can't lavish myself, but so?  As mentioned in another thread, the BLS shows that 39 million people live in poverty. No where near a majority of the population, but still a major problem. Millions don't have healthcare and cannot afford it. Millions more half more than one job, and still can't. Many people can only find part time work, as well. Do we let them and their children starve to death or do we give them foodstamps in the meantime.  Everyone makes this issue an "either or" fallacy. You don't only have two choices. YOu can try to FIX the problem and abuses. It's not impossible.  Private healthcare is good for people who can afford it. That's always going ot be the case. Just like Private Education.WHen you take people out of the system, you only weaken those who cannot afford it more.
Our NHS has problems, but we spend less than 10% of our GDP on healthcare (it was 6.5% when the current government took office, and there is a lot of lost ground to make up) and I'd prefer the certainty of treatment I get from the NHS to the vagaries of US health insurance. My Dad suffers from a chronic nerve condition that requires monthly treatment, at significant cost. I doubt he'd be able to find a private insurer who would cover it, but the NHS funds it without quibble.
Er.. Cuba has a more effective healthcare system than the US, for $250/captia/year, it achieves lower infant mortality rates and similar life expectancy rates, and has the added bonus of covering everyone in the country, not just those who can afford it.  The UK has a national healthcare system, everyone is covered and while there are some problems, it costs about half what the US system does. I fail to see how a starting salary for a GP around the GBP60k mark is underpaying them. I'm not aware of any great exodus of British doctors, or indeed any influx of doctors from other European nations. Some from poorer countries, yes, and a fair few from Australia and New Zealand (hardly socialist utopias).  Once again your analysis of the situation igonres the key facts.
So, you go from rubbishing cubas healthcare system despite the stats that can be obtained from the CIA website, and then use THE SAME STATS (life expectancy) to praise Singapore. Cuba does amazing things in healthcare despite having little or no money with which to do it. Finding a few pictures of dirty areas in one hospital (I bet I could find pictures as bad in one hospital in any country in the world, if I spent long enough looking). Cuba spends less than a 10th per capita than the US does, and achieves roughly the same results. Tell me that's not an efficient healthcare system.  www.medicc.org tells the positive side of Cuban healthcare.
These would be the rabidly anti-socialist Cubans in the US who keep wanting the US to invade Cuba? The stats I'm talking about are the CIA stats. Do you think the US government's intelligence agency goes off propaganda reports? You're relying on anecdotes from people who hate the regime, and dismiss the stats as forgeries, and I'M the one who's brainwashed emoticon_rolleyes   I'm not disputing that the Cuban system is run down, Cuba has been blockaded for the last 40 years, it's hardly surprising, and Cuba is desperately poor. I'm talking about the results achieved in terms of the health of the population.
Anytime the government gets involved in things other than their constitutional mandates (National defence and interstate commerce), then we run into problems of inefficiency and corruption.  So why is medicare so much more efficient than private insurance? (2% admin spend for medicare vs estimates of between 11% and 32% for private insurance in the US)
The United States is the only industraized nation that does not care for its citizens. The United States does spend twice as much on health care than other like countries, does this dollar figure speak well for efficiency of the current deliverly system. Can better de done, is there room for improvement? I suggest that patients receive care according to their needs, not their ability to pay. This position is not a sop to altruism or to the least amonst us but pragmatism at its best. For a society any society to compete effectively its citenzry must be nurtured by investments in that population that include good nutrition for body,mind and soul.
its easier said than done. If you pay for your citizens health does this mean the taxpayers can dictate what you do and do not have to do regarding your health? As a taxpayer I'd rather not pay for a bypass surgery because bob over here decided 3 Big Macs a day was a good idea.  Why not? It's not like Bob will suddenly start eating the big macs because he can get the surgery paid for. Doctors dictate what healthcare is appropriate.
Abuse it in what way? There aren't many medical conditions people weighing up their options would choose to have. It's not like there aren't other countries to look at. I'm not sure what you mean by a hybrid system but any national healthcare system works best when everyone has access to, and hence a stake in, it.
Dennis Kucinich has his own national health care bill created with experts. Im voting for him for sure.
Am an American living/working/married in Germany.  Had an expensive (self-paid) plan with Blue-Cross and now have government sponsored health care here in Germany. Germany is by far better.... cheaper and much easier access.  I'm sorry, but all this criticism of "long-lines" from socialized medicine is just not so. Thinking about all the weeks I had to wait to get to see a doctor in the states.... OK, when I show up to the office there's no line, but the appointments took forever to make. Here, I just walk in when I need something, and usually never wait more than 10 or 15 minutes.   Biggest differences I have noticed is cost and access. I had a mild heart attack in the states and had 2 unnecessary stents put in. I had to pay 5-6K on top of my monthly premium. If that happened here, I would only have paid 10 Euro a night for the hospital. Nothing else. Thinking about the co-pay centric system in the states is just mind-boggling. I pay only 10 Euro per quarter for any doctor I see! Meds are included unless it's very expensive, then I may have to pay and extra 5 Euro.  I know there are wonderful doctors in the US, but their need to make money to cover the hideous costs of mal-practice insurance as well as the medical dictates from the actuaries working for the evil insurance companies hold back the true nature of why the doctors become doctors. It is now all about making enough money to survive and then the human greed takes over. Can the ineffectual managerial abilities of the US government actually handle such a daunting task? I don't have much confidence, at least in this administration and congress.  Something has to be done. America is FAR from being "#1". Healthcare is a basic human right.
Many of the opposing arguments to health reform have flaws, which when examined more thoroughly, support the case for health reform.  Typical example listed as an sign of good U.S. health care: "At age 80, when most people are highly dependent on the health-care system, Americans have the longest life expectancy (7.1 years for men, 9.0 for women) in the world."  That information, if analyzed against the context of the entire longevity data plus medical understanding, shows how poor access to good health care is. Why? Because at age 60 the U.S. has the lowest remaining life expectancy, since all the people who had chronic diseases are either already dead or dying. By age 80, they are mostly gone. Early intervention to educate at-risk populations and begin treatment of the more damaging aspects of these chronic diseases delays morbity, reduces complications thereof and ultimately improves longevity. It is an argument for reform to improve health care access of at-risk patients, not a proof of wellness of the system.   Interpretive flaws, like that pointed out above, occur repeatedly in opponent's arguments suggesting either cherry-picking of facts, or just plain superficiality in thought. I suspect the the former since this issue is strongly partisan. So I did some research on the health care issue myself, and I found information suggesting the health care problem may even be understated. The arguments against reform implicitly lean on one underlying principle, a keystone which makes their flawed analyses remotely understandable: i.e. that no one has the legal right to health care. Given that this position is on shaky ethical ground in most people's minds, reform opposition debate usually ends up being cluttered with evidence factually true but interpretively false, or debate is diverted to their own anecdotal counter-horror stories.  To examine the arguments against reform, I watched the internet videos of opponents, like Stuart Browning, who has his own view under titles like "Dead Meat" and "A Short Course in Brain Surgery". After watching them, none of those stories really struck me as being worse than what happens in the U.S. all the time also, -- like that lady who died waiting on the floor of an emergency room last week in L.A. Or those 3 doctors arrested in California about a year ago who performed $30 million in totally unnecessary surgeries on hundreds of patients. If that is not bad health care, I don't know what is. For some reason opponents forget that overtreatment can be just as bad for people's health as waiting too long.  Moreover, after some careful thought, I also realized Browning's defense of U.S. health care supported reform much better than it supported keeping the existing problems intact. Notions that "free" emergency room treatment is adequate for the uninsured were among the most obvious blunders. Any experienced doctor can tell you that is a joke, and even their own narrator said treatment for the uninsured was only 50-60% the quality of insured patients. Uh-huh. That must be why twice as many uninsured children die in hospitals compared to a similar control group of insured children in hospitals.   Moreover, almost all opponents to health reform limit their definition of "quality of care" short-sightedly, and also fail to cite the obvious economic barriers to health care in the U.S. which is in many ways worse than the waiting list delays. If a person dies simply because they can not afford a "high quality of care", then I would argue the value of that quality is negated. And I can say with 100% certainty no one would argue with that assessment if it happened to them. Really. Access to care, including economic and bureaucratic barriers then, is a parameter of the definition of the quality of care, and it is inseparable from success rates. Access affects success. And I would much rather wait than have no care at all.  In summary: the proponents of "no right to health care" want the nation to develop intolerance for compassion and cheerfully embrace being a jerk: to see growing income inequality as a opportunity to force an ever-increasing proportion of our nation to go uninsured, or become inadequately insured, and hence risk bankruptcy with unexpected health emergencies. In short, opponents of reform want ever larger numbers of us to play Russian roulette and love it. Businessweek two days ago reported only 40% of Americans liked the U.S. health care system, while 65% of the French said they were happy about theirs. That means 60% of us already know the system is broken.   ------------------------------------------------- a few statistics:  U.S. Health Care Costs ====================================== In 1999 500,000 declared personal bankrupcy because of medical bills (inadequate insurance) A Harvard study found that 50% of all U.S. bankruptcies can be attributed to medical bills  In 2005 42 million Americans uninsured In 2006 47 million Americans uninsured  U.S. Health care spending per capita increased from  ___$356 in 1970  _$6,697 in 2005  $12,320 in 2015 (projected)
then have private health-care for those who can afford it. but offer free-health care to everyone. and btw, if canadians were so strongly against free health-care then how come when election time comes they continually vote for politicians who support it? and who are these canadians that you got information from? probably business owners...
hahahahaha, conservatives are afraid of change my friend. conservative means you want to conserve or keep the way things are now.  what is wrong with having private health care for those who want it and free health care for those who cannot afford anything else?
ok, then we agree on something. what is a good cut-off? anyone below 60,000 a year has ACCESS to free health care?
another question: should government employees receive free health care. not politicians, but teachers, police officers, firemen, people in the military. they are already underpaid. i think they deserve a break
but teachers, law enforcement officers, firemen, and people in the military are very very underpaid. the least we can do is provide them the opportunity to have free health care. you even said you would never be a teacher solely because the pay sucks.
The health care system in Canada has undergone a dramatic change in the past ten years.  The conservative (relatively for Canada, US "conservatives" are our "fascists") governments have been cutting away at Health Care in a blatant attempt to destroy the system.  Canadians love having public health care. In order to try to sway people into accepting some degree of privatization, the politicians make Health budgets which are completely impossible- because of pressure from huge US medical insurance companies.
Has anybody else absorbed what GWB is saying when he talks about his "Health Care Plan"?  From GWB's website:  Expand Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) - President Bush will propose a tax credit for low-income families  and individuals to purchase health insurance, or to purchase a low-premium, high-deductible  health plan and an HSA. Families will receive up to $2,000 for their premiums and $1,000 cash to put in their HSAs to help meet the deductible. Individuals will receive up to $700 for their premiums and $300 for their HSAs.  Does GWB actually think that an entire family can buy health insurance and pay high deductibles on $3000? Translation: the government will tell the citizens what kind of bank account they need to get to save up for their own health costs -- then pay it yourself. We constantly hear that a major reason for the increase in health care costs is the cost of the uninsured. How does it help it tell low-income/unemployed/minimum wage workers to save their money? Once again, businesses will love this. Don't offer health insurance to employees - they're self insured. Or they can get it themselves through their church!?!?  Promote a Health Savings Account Tax Credit to Help Small Business Employees - President Bush will propose a tax credit for HSA contributions to help individuals and families who work for small businesses fund their HSAs.  Small businesses and their employees who set up an HSA will get a tax rebate for contributions to the HSA of up to $500 per worker with family coverage and $200 per worker with individual coverage.  Repeat of what I just said. Now, speaking of big government. The government gives money, although not near enough money, to every employee of a small business.  Provide an Above-the-Line Deduction for Health Insurance Premiums - President Bush has proposed to allow individuals who purchase low-premium, high-deductible insurances policies to deduct the premiums they pay for these policies. It will reduce the net cost of these policies and encourage the use of HSAs for saving for health care needs and making wise, cost-effective health care choices.  Yeah! Just don't go to the doctor so much - because their is no insurance for office visits.  Allow Small Businesses to Establish Association Health Plans (AHPs) - While large businesses can use their purchasing power to get better deals from insurance companies, smaller firms often find that coverage is priced beyond their reach. To give small employers and their workers more purchasing power, the President has proposed allowing small businesses to band together and negotiate on behalf of their employees and their families.   Expand Association Health Plans - President Bush supports AHP expansion so that people who purchase coverage on their own can buy health insurance from a group other than an employer. This would allow civic and charitable groups, churches, and other types of organizations to offer health insurance to their members.  Faith based insurance now.  Allow Shopping for Health Coverage Across State Lines - Today it's easy to use the Internet or toll-free numbers to shop for products. But different rules apply to health insurance. Consumers can only purchase health insurance in the state in which they live, and can't shop around for a better deal in another state. The President proposes giving people the freedom to shop across state lines to find the best rates for their health coverage.  Speaking of states rights - insurance is STATE regulated. Anybody want to get into a states rights debate on this one?  I don't really see any changes here - at least not for the good. We already have this system - pre-tax payroll deductions that can be used for deductibles. GWB just wants to expand it BIG TIME and give employers an out when they offer lousy or no coverage. GWB's entire plan to reduce costs - don't sue anybody. And GWB's best advice to the poor - save your money.
Has anybody else absorbed what GWB is saying when he talks about his "Health Care Plan"?   That's pretty much what I got out of it too. "I will give you the power with your insurance" or some other such BS. Yeah, we get the costs of it too. Thanks so much.  Another reason I'll vote for Kerry.
why, so he can allow you to buy a plan from blue cross? cant you do that now?  and where is the money going to come from for the low income famleys to get on this plan?  From what little I understand of healthcare it matters how big of a group you have.  As a small business, I can get insurance based on my small employee count. However, if I were part of a large company, with thousands of employees, a much lower cost would be possible.  So, by having a national "group", healthcare costs are kept lower.  If you don't want basic healthcare for everyone in America, then you obviously don't want to fund healthcare for everyone in America that cannot afford it. Other people are a little more compasionate, and realize that all the captialistic cash comes directly from the effort of humans. Our free market economy can make a single person a billionaire over-night, but you're saying a portion of that should not be used to keep kids from dying because their parents are too poor? Don't worry, it seems many agree with your lack of compassion.  -Mach
why, so he can allow you to buy a plan from blue cross? cant you do that now?  and where is the money going to come from for the low income famleys to get on this plan?Where is the money going to come from to hand out $100 and $1000 dollar bills to millions of people. That's GWB's idea. He's basically absorbing part of the cost of health care away from the employers. . So, by having a national "group", healthcare costs are kept lower.And what's more, the huge numbers of uninsured are getting their health care for free - at least what they get. An uninsured person brought in to an emergency room with a heart attack is a total loss to the hospital and the doctor. Maybe it would have been cheaper to get that poor soul high blood pressure pills. Where do you think the money comes from for his hospital stay? Our pockets too in the form of higher costs to those who can pay. There's no free ride for any of us.
Saving money is a good way for people to be self sufficient, and less dependent on government. From www.georgewbush.com President Bush will propose a tax credit for low-income families and individuals to purchase health insurance, or to purchase a low-premium, high-deductible health plan and an HSA. Families will receive up to $2,000 for their premiums and $1,000 cash to put in their HSAs to help meet the deductible. Individuals will receive up to $700 for their premiums and $300 for their HSAs. Small businesses and their employees who set up an HSA will get a tax rebate for contributions to the HSA of up to $500 per worker with family coverage and $200 per worker with individual coverage. This is nothing but a government giveaway of dynamic proportions. It's not only going to low-income uninsured - it's going to people who are currently employed and actually HAVE insurance. How much money are we talking here? What's comes after TTTTTrillions. Gazillions?   Seems like you criticize him for allowing the government to "give" something, then criticize because it's not enough.So what's the deal when GWB "gives" $3,000 but the insurance premiums cost $6,000, the family can't make up the difference and the $3,000 goes unspent. All we've accomplished is to transfer $ out of the U.S. Treasury. You think it's a good idea to just give money away and not get anything for it? You're thinking of the Clinton years when there was a surplus.  Why sure, state REGULATION, and states RIGHTS are opposites!! emoticon_rolleyes When states are permitted to compete with each other, they (and the people therein) have more rights!! STATES license insurance companies to operate in their little piece of the world. Have you seen the news lately? Newest scandal - insurance companies. Shall we put that under the feds too?  There's only one other system - complete takeover by government.Obviously, the Republican desire is to get the monkey of health care off the backs of businesses. I'm not even necessarily opposed to that. It's a hold over from labor unions in the early 1900's. But let's talk about a good system. Big government giveaways stink.  The Kerry suggestion is to allow people to spend their own money in a very large group policy through private companies. What's wrong with that? If you've got a better idea, I'm listening.
I heard a roundtable with healthcare professionals and they are quite aware of the dilemma of profiting when people are in poor health (not surprising, just re-stating the dilemma I guess). A free market economy works wonders for responding to supply and demand and getting things to be cheaper. A pure free market healthcare system, however, simply promotes poor health. It MUST not pursue prevention. What business leader with ANY sense would spend take a little money now if it prevented her from getting the huge $100K bankroll from heart surgery down the line? None. They are in conflict, and it's exactly why it IS a dilemma for all of us.  The wonders we afford ourselves in our mostly free-market economy are not possible without the stability and direction we pursue collectively through our government. Part of that stability, IMO, is taking care of ourselves. Do we not all want to promote and support good health?  -Mach
I heard a roundtable with healthcare professionals and they are quite aware of the dilemma of profiting when people are in poor health (not surprising, just re-stating the dilemma I guess). A free market economy works wonders for responding to supply and demand and getting things to be cheaper. A pure free market healthcare system, however, simply promotes poor health. It MUST not pursue prevention. What business leader with ANY sense would spend take a little money now if it prevented her from getting the huge $100K bankroll from heart surgery down the line? None. They are in conflict, and it's exactly why it IS a dilemma for all of us.  The wonders we afford ourselves in our mostly free-market economy are not possible without the stability and direction we pursue collectively through our government. Part of that stability, IMO, is taking care of ourselves. Do we not all want to promote and support good health?So what are you saying? That buying insurance on our own can't work? Sure it can. Agreed it may take a bit of regulation - like people who are forced to buy high risk car insurance - and companies who are forced to sell it. But anything is insurable. Ask Lloyd of London. It takes thinking outside the box. Our view of health insurance is a box. The theory of insurance is that many people share the risk and it's up to the statisticians to determine the risks and therefore the price.  Currently, some are locked out of the group and uninsured. They're changing the odds in favor of the insurance companies - but they're really not. As I was stating before, we're paying for them anyway in terms of higher prices that cover the uncollectible costs to the system.
Maybe you are having trouble with the concept of "low premium, high deductible". That means the monthly payments (premiums) are low, and the deductible is higher (cost you actually pay for services). This shouldn't be a problem. How often do you actually use your health insurance? I use mine very rarely (not at all in the last year). It appears that what Bush is trying to do is get insurance coverage to low income folks without a multi trillion dollar price tag (like kerrys plan carries). This isn't a bad thing, and I am not even a bush supporter.    What happens the first time these people need to use their new low premium/high deductible insurance and they can't pay the high deductible? People who don't need any medical care aren't straining the system now, it's the ones that do and can't pay for it. Both of these candidates are proposing plans they can't pay for. The bottom line is, the only way poor people get insured is for everyone else to reach in their pockets and make up the difference. Basically, what we're doing now, only a little more orderly. There's no treasure chest full of "extra" money out there that's going to change anything unless we dramatically reduce healthcare costs or collect more money in premiums.
So you think Bush's plan will involve increased government of dynamic proportions, and Kerry's plan will not?Of course. Who do you think is going to administer the handing out of the money and the tracking of who got how much and who's entitled to how much etc. etc. etc. I've said before that I was a Republican for 40 years. My republican side is showing. At least the old Republican Party that I ran away from.  President Bush will propose a tax credit for low-income families and individuals to purchase health insurance, or to purchase a low-premium, high-deductible health plan and an HSA. Families will receive up to $2,000 for their premiums and $1,000 cash to put in their HSAs to help meet the deductible. Individuals will receive up to $700 for their premiums and $300 for their HSAs. Small businesses and their employees who set up an HSA will get a tax rebate for contributions to the HSA of up to $500 per worker with family coverage and $200 per worker with individual coverage.Money for everybody. Unemployed, employed, wealthy (of course let's not forget them). Do you deny that the biggest winner here is employers (i.e. his pet small business)? I'm just not behind subsidizing small businesses.  But let's talk about a good system. Big government giveaways stink.  The Kerry suggestion is to allow people to spend their own money in a very large group policy through private companies. What's wrong with that? If you've got a better idea, I'm listening.If that's not a Repulican plan, I don't know what is. Then - you could stop complaining about the cost of doctor visits because we'd be using our own insurance and chosen coverage that we paid for. Frankly, I've never been fond of the idea of employers choosing coverage. They don't choose my car insurance. Why can't I choose my own health coverage and my own deductible just like my car insurance. Why can't we have a minimum required amount just like car insurance. Buy more if you want to pay for it. But the masses aren't ready to hear that yet. Kerry's plan is a step toward that. GWB's is a step away from that.  You're going over Bush's numbers pretty carefullyHaven't gotten out a calculator. Don't have to. Multiple hundreds plus multiple thousands times the entire population of the U.S. equals stupid big.   Face it. That number is SO BIG that this can't even be serious. GWB needed an answer to the health care question -- any answer would do. Also, he needed a vote getter. Promising to give away money is always good. Worked last time. GWB couldn't say that he doesn't have a single good idea. 4 years from now, he'd rather say that he couldn't get a health care plan through the Congress. And guess who he'll blame.  We could do a few back and forths about state's rights - but that would change the subject. Let's stick to this one.
Maybe you are having trouble with the concept of "low premium, high deductible".Actually, no I'm not having trouble with that concept. That could be a wise choice in certain situations. I'm having trouble with GWB making that choice FOR EVERYONE.  Huh?I'll just ask you to read GWB's plan. It's in my first post. It's also at www.georgewbush.com. It's only 6 paragraphs long. But it's a 6 paragraph bomb. Paragraph 5 is where he suggests we buy health insurance through our churches. Wonder if he's checked with the churches on this? Boy were they surprised.  GWB's idea is all encompassing. It's not limited to low income. He verbally phrases it in a way to allow people to hear what they want to hear. You heard help for poor people and thought that sounded good. That's politics for 'ya. Actually, he suggests passing out seed money in Health Savings Accounts to the entire population and subsidizing insurance costs that are currently paid by small businesses. Although, I don't see why big businesses couldn't get in on this too.
If he actually mnaged to push through the Associated health plans for small businesses, that wold be a huge step in the right direction.I'll just quickly point you to an organization called C.O.S.E. (Council of Smaller Enterprises) in Cleveland, Ohio. It's exactly what you're hoping for. Last year I investigated buying insurance through them. It was the most expensive/worst coverage available. I was better off buying as an individual from BC/BS.
according to their web page, they offer Kaisers standard plan and HMO health ohios standard plan, and after doing a little googling it looks like.....Have done all that. Can't speak to what it looks like. I promise they were more expensive than going to BC/BS directly as an individual. Those quotes were last year -- apples to apples type thing - approximately same coverage. All is not what it appears.
Your post was so long that I just didn't have time to respond earlier. But now, here goes.  He is not making that choice for everyone. He is suggesting it as an alternative for those who are unable to get/afford  insurance on their own. While there are certainly questions about having poor people on a high deductible plan, it is still better than having no insurance at all. Which is it get or afford? They're not even close to the same thing. I'll focus on afford. We are talking about poor people here. So, the logic escapes me. I'm not in favor of just giving away unlimited coverage, but follow my train of thought. The purpose of insurance is to limit loss. If a poor person has little/nothing to loose, why would they spend their few precious dollars on something that is only to the benefit of the health care provider? Ever heard the phrase, you can't get blood from a stone? This is a system by which a health care provider can. But the poor won't buy it for the same reason we don't put collision insurance on a $500 car. This is high-deductible insurance. Chances are excellent that the insured will never see a penny in benefits. They're poor. They're not stupid. And this is a CASH giveaway. The word CASH is in there.  Paragraph 5 does not suggest that we buy health insurance from our church.Of course it does. First, I don't see why churches would be interested in getting into this. But suppose they did. Carry that out a little ways. You don't have to go far. Will they offer it to all, or only their best customers. You can have insurance IF you tithe? I don't think salvation on this side and the other should quite that closely connected.  It simply suggests that our church or charitable institutions should have the option of offering health care for its members. We have a huge number of charitable organisations in this country whcih controll billions of dollars.So what's your point? What does a charity's balance sheet have to do with health care? It's charity.  At one time, charity was not a government mandated function. For years, charity was voluntary and the churches in this country kind of led the way when it came to looking after the poor. Now, the govertnment has taken over such functions, and the price tag on them has gone from large (but voluntary) to huge and involuntary. Instead of being administered at a local level by a dozen volunteers working fro free, our big charity programs are nationwide, administered by a massive beuracracy, and eat up 80% of the funds allocated to them in administration costs (leaving only 20% to actually help those who need it).You just said that charities have billions of dollars. Is charity alive and well or is it not.  No, it is not limited to low income. It also encomapses small business and the self insured as well. It basically tries to cover everybody who does not have insurance now, or who is paying terribly high premiums. There is no "passing out seed money in Health Savings Accounts to the entire population". The two groups he is sugessting handing out seed money too are low income (though I would suggest they use their "earned income tax credit" for this) and small businesses.I assume you're talking about paragraph 2. There's nothing in there about income level. This is money to EVERYone who works for a small business. Not it's not cash. It a tax credit/rebate. This difference is what? And I can't wait to see the wrangling over "small business". Accountants and lawyers will have a field day with their little corporate tricks to ensure that they make the cut.  Then comes paragraph 3. Deductions for individuals. I'm ok with making it deductible. It probably should be. But just tell me why more and more and more people won't fit into this one as companies just stop giving health insurance. And that's also where he courages the wise, cost effective (low-cost high-deductible) system again. The over all feel of his plan sends up a domino effect is coming.  If he actually mnaged to push through the Associated health plans for small businesses, that wold be a huge step in the right direction. Frankly, it seems unlikely that it si going to happen, since the insurance industry has such a strong lobby, and as we know, our politicians are nothing but special interest whores.I already showed you where he doesn't have to "push it through". It already exists.  Refundable tax credits for up to 50% of coverage cost?Agreed. It's too much. But I don't see it happening anyway so it doesn't concern me. See I think Kerry has good thoughts, some of which could actually materialize. This one won't. All of George's "plan" could actually make it. There's the risk.  In addition, you see him talknig abou the "premium rebate pool". this is a kerry concept where a pool of money is created (though he never says where this money comes from, we all know it is a new tax) to help pay premiums.This is the best idea he has. It's a method of taking the kid out of your group who needs a kidney transplant. Why wouldn't you love that idea? One person in a small group is a big issue.  He also advocates opening up the Congressional Health plan to everybody, effectively creating a government run health insurance company for private citizens. Personally, I don't want the government to own my health insurance company. The govvernment screwing everything has become a cliche, I don;t wnat them screwing up my health insurance.Everybody who wants to. It's a choice. Another option. Not a mandate.  And here's real help for the smallest of the small businesses:  Self-Employed And Individual-Based Coverage Individuals Without Employment-Based Coverage Pay More for Health Insurance. About 16 million people, or 6.7 percent of those between the ages of 19 and 64, were covered by an individual health insurance policy in 1999. Many of these workers are independent contractors, on-call workers, or temporary workers. In all but five states, individuals or families buying health insurance on their own can be charged higher premiums, or denied coverage, if they have health problems.  Take my sister for an example. She's 62. Her COBRA just ran out. GWB have any ideas for her? Not one. She does have assets to protect. The issue is, can she afford to. She's willing to pay. She's not looking for a hand out. Just a fair shake. Low-cost high-deductible would probably be a good option for her. GWB didn't give her an idea about where to buy it. Why does it have to be so difficult. Taking a chance starts to look like a viable option.  I don't think either of these guys has a workable plan, but Bushes is certainly cheaper, which I think is important, since we can't really afford either plan.I disagree that he's cheaper. He has a record to run on, too. That no dealing with drug companies for prices is just unforgiveable. Lowering cost doesn't seem to be in his vocabulary.  What I like abotu Bushes plan is that even if you take away the part that costs taxpayers (the tax rebates and such), you still have a workable plan.The taxpayer costs is the only new stuff. That and churches.
Mismanagement of funds has got us where we are today.   If we got out of Iraq, and used 1/2 the money saved for the next 6 months, all these programs would be bailed out.   If we stopped all foreign aid and put the money into the programs, all these programs would be bailed out.  I'm a firm believer of getting your own house in order before you go and start fixing someone else's.   Oversimplified? Yes.
I don't have any statistics on the foreign aid, but the war in Iraq is costing billions; I think (not sure) that it's over a million per day. Half of that for 6 months ... 91 million dollars or so. You're right, even that's not enough.
Thanks Gamehuis. That's around 3.5 Billion for 6 months, if we only take 1/2 of the cost. I'd think that would be plenty to bail out these programs -- IF the government would leave the money where it's supposed to be, which I doubt they would.  Goes back to my point: it's mismanagement that has brought the US Government to this point.
The first thing to understand about SS is that for practical government purposes its now just another revenue stream, not a trust. SS flows into government general purpose bank accounts (the treasury) all over the US from employers, which the government uses to pay bills. The government accounts for SS by issuing treasury certificates (investment for SS, debt for the public) for all SS revenue. When SS administration, part of the government, not SS itself, cuts a social security check to a beneficiary recipient, it redeems treasury debt, the SS 'investment', in a like amount at the same time. All SS revenues taken in during a fiscal year less benefits paid out are deemed 'surplus', already spent for general operating expenses. That 'surplus' amount resides in treasury securities, debt, which would have to be redeemed to make beneficiary payments, by selling additional treasury issues for cash and incurring debt or printing more money. Current 'surplus' is about $150-billion a year, so add that to any public deficit for a better number. SS is raided to avoid increasing what the dumb as a brick public perceives as deficit spending.   When politicians speak of SS running out of money, they're referring to a point where current benefit requirements exceed current collections. There's no consideration of redeeming the billions and billions in treasury certificates  the government 'borrowed', an impossibility when all borrowing capacity(treasury certificates for foreign exchange) is concentrated on servicing existing debt from deficit spending and cash flow requirements for military expansion.   Calling it government mismanagement is being very polite. Needless to say, any common citizen would be serving long terms in the slammer for such actions.   Thanks for the very accurate description. The US president said as much "stream" during his last speech. It's a shame that SS, which would have been solvent if it had remained a trust as designed and started, has been stolen from by our own government. From disbursements (called loans) in the 50's and 60's which were either never repaid or repaid without interest by the congress, to the current situation, it's shameful.  I fimrly agree that if the average US citizen ran their finances like the government, they would be in jail.
Up the revolution!
Nope, it's just me that has misunderstood the gravity of the situation.  georged: I'm not counting on any SS at all.
Public healthcare tends to have problems when right wingers refuse to actually tax the wealthy the amount required to fund it. You get what you pay for in this regard. Increased public spending in the UK has started to provide significant increases in service, though it is taking time to make up for underinvestment.
What are you counting as critical? Stats?
Universal health care in Canada is great if you don't mind waiting 6 months for a critical surgery..........   Any surgery that is needed for life threatening illness are taken care of ASAP. None life threatening, but life quality illnesses are the one that take time. Hip and knee replacements Life quality. Cancer life threatening.   Now, if I am not mistaken, a poorer person without health care coverage in the US would never recieve a hip replacement operation? Or am I wrong?
Now, if I am not mistaken, a poorer person without health care coverage in the US would never recieve a hip replacement operation? Or am I wrong?  You are correct. I have been waiting 9 months for a hip replacement (hip injured in an accident nearly 2 years ago) because my HMO requires a year of "active monitoring", which apparently consists of monthly doctors appointments while we wait for a miracle.   I can certainly see both sides of this, since the pain in my hip starts at "unbearable" in the morning, but generally calms to just "excrutiating" by lunch time. This guy would likely not be much better off in the US. HMOs don't like to pay for such things, and will make you jump through every hoop imaginable before providing the service.
You are correct. I have been waiting 9 months for a hip replacement (hip injured in an accident nearly 2 years ago) because my HMO requires a year of "active monitoring", which apparently consists of monthly doctors appointments while we wait for a miracle.   .  According to a report published last year, the average waiting time for a hip replacement in the UK would be about 10 months. This average of course conceals large county and metropolitan variations (from one National Health Service Trust to another). A lot depends on where you live.  At least you'd get the operation for free in this country.
As I said before, classification and stats, not examples and vague anecdotal evidence.
I want stats because the same allegations are made about the UK NHS on the basis of one or two incidents that do not reflect the wider reality, but are used by the right as a stick to beat public healthcare, as if without public healthcare everyone would get treated instantly.
But you don't have any compelling evidence for your assertion. A sample of two is no way of making a judgment. I was merely commenting that in the UK we have a public healthcare system where similar individual cases are brought up by the right on a regular basis, but they do not represent to norm of the system. Given the similarities between your allegations and those of the British right, it is not at all out of the question to suggest that the underlying situation is similar.
No-ones supporting you either, so that argument doesn't work...
The many people who have to come to the U.S. are..............It does not even affect you..............  Do you have statistics for this, or is this more of your unsupportable BS
Don't you find it odd that no one that lives in Canada is denying anything i said?  Trust me when I say that this has everything to do with the messenger, and nothing to do with the message.  Waxy
Canadians who can afford to skip the waiting line to go and recieve treatment for the (normally non life threatening illness's) have gone to the US for treatment. Not all and not many but some.  The Canadian health care system is not perfect, but it covers everyone and is overall cheaper then the US system and spends less on administration then the US system.  Overall the French system seems to be about the best.
Even without the umbrella of the US military (ie if the US military spending was 50% of what it is Canada would not need to increase military spending drastically.   Consider the overall ability for any country in the world to invade Canada. As of right now, only one country shares a boarder with Canada, all other would need a massive airlift and reasonable sized army to invade Canada ( being 2nd largest country in the world). No other country has such a capability
More importantly, who the hell would want to invade Canada? Are there any countries with a major shortage of ice hockey stadia? :p
We may have the second largest amount of oil reserves in the world with the Oil sands
Anyone been following the S.1955 bill that's going through Congress right now? It seems to be a bill aiming to provide more affordable health insurance opportunities to small business owners, which is a laudable goal, to be sure. Unfortunately, it seems to want to do this by giving the insurance companies a freebie ot bypass state regulations on insurance coverages. What are your thoughts on this?  Personally, I think that the entire thing needs to be scrapped and they need to go back to the drawing board on it. As it stands, this bill is a giveaway to the insurance industry at the expense of employees of small businesses, who will wind up with inferior insurance coverage that doesn't cover basic things like diabetes remedies.   http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-na-health16mar16,1,113954.story?ctrack=1&cset=true  Senate Bill Would Override State Health Coverage Rules   GOP backers see the legislation as a way for insurers to offer more affordable plans. Critics say it would undermine treatment protections.  The battle over healthcare moved to a new front Wednesday as Senate Republicans advanced a bill that would change the way health insurance was sold nationwide.  On a party-line vote, a Senate committee approved a bill that would preempt state laws that require insurance policies to cover specific services, such as maternity care and supplies for diabetics.  California, which mandates that insurers cover 23 specific treatments and procedures - including mammograms and second opinions - would be one of the states most affected by the legislation.  Sponsors of the bill said overriding state coverage rules, as well as state laws regulating insurance pricing, would allow insurers to offer less-expensive plans. They say it would prompt more small businesses to purchase insurance for workers.  "Today's vote is the first major step in 15 years to get affordable health insurance for small businesses and working families," said the bill's sponsor, Sen. Michael B. Enzi (R-Wyo.).  Enzi heads the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, which approved the bill, 11 to 9.  Critics, including the panel's Democratic members, charged that the legislation would undermine state protections meant to guarantee that insurance policies provide adequate health coverage at affordable prices.  California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi warned that the bill would lead to "an ever-increasing number of people who are uninsured ... and for those with insurance, the benefit package is certain to be dramatically reduced."  The dispute mirrors the partisan divide on an array of healthcare issues, including restructuring Medicaid and the health savings accounts proposed by President Bush.  In each case, Republicans and their allies promote ideas they say would save money and increase efficiency by offering consumers more choice. Democrats and other critics say the GOP plans would shift risk and cost toward patients, especially those who are older and sicker.  Wednesday's committee vote marked the first time the Senate had taken a step to preempt state requirements for health coverage. The measure will probably face significant opposition in the full Senate, but supporters say the committee vote may pave the way for its passage.  The bill represents one response to an erosion in the number of Americans receiving healthcare coverage at work. Although most large employers provide coverage, the share of small businesses offering it has dropped from 68% in 2000 to 59% today, according to annual surveys by the Kaiser Family Foundation.  Small-business groups blame the decline on rising insurance premiums. Those costs, they say, are increasing because of state requirements for so many specific benefits.  Martyn B. Hopper, the California director for the National Federation of Independent Business, said, "Every time the Legislature adds a mandate, it adds tremendously to the cost of insurance, and that means small-business owners can't afford to pay for it."  For years, the federation and similar groups have pushed for legislation that would allow small businesses to band together to buy health insurance across state lines in what are known as association health plans. The House has passed bills creating such plans eight times, most recently in July. The plans would be exempt from requirements for specific services.  The idea consistently has stalled in the Senate. Democrats, consumer groups and some state regulators have opposed the preemption of state laws. Traditional health insurance companies have complained that the association health plans would have unfair advantages in selling to small businesses.  Enzi's bill would allow all insurers to sell policies that would be exempt from state coverage requirements. It would also let insurers sell those policies to large businesses and individuals.  In return, insurers would have to sell a more comprehensive policy in each state that provided benefits equivalent to those offered to state employees in the five largest states. Employers would not be required to offer the more comprehensive plan to their workers.  The bill's backers contend that the availability of lower-cost, less-comprehensive policies would encourage small employers to purchase insurance.  Critics say that allowing insurers to sell the limited plans would disrupt insurance markets. One concern is that to save money, employers now offering more comprehensive coverage will switch to bare-bones packages with minimal benefits.  The broader fear is that younger and healthier workers will gravitate to the lower-cost plans. If that happens, plans offering more comprehensive benefits would be left caring for a disproportionate share of older and sicker Americans. That could unravel the concept of collective risk-sharing between the healthy and the sick, and raise premiums for more comprehensive plans to unaffordable levels.  Opponents contend that another provision of the legislation could compound that risk. The section would override laws in California and other states limiting how much insurers could vary the premiums charged to small businesses based on the health of workers.  Under the California law, for instance, the most expensive policies for small businesses can cost only about 22% more than the least expensive, according to figures from Garamendi's office. But his office has calculated that under Enzi's bill, insurers would be permitted to vary their prices by five times as much as that.  Supporters say insurers need flexibility to create lower-cost plans that would attract employers who don't offer coverage.  Critics say ending the state rate-setting authority would penalize firms whose workers have higher medical costs - and change hiring practices.  "This will create a very powerful pressure not to hire people who could be expensive" because of their healthcare needs, Garamendi said.
All these lurkers! So many views and no replies.  Here's something to spice up the discussion. In These Times ran a piece on the impact this bill could have on reproductive rights.  http://www.inthesetimes.com/site/main/article/2558/
This is standard fare for the republican party and its looking out for the business lobby. Why does this suprise anyone? Sorry redmoon in my other battles I sometimes forget about the republican oppression of the poor.
Oregon may become the first US state with universal health care, available to all Oregon residents.   http://www.oregonlive.com/newsflash/regional/index.ssf?/base/news-17/116215436081180.xml&storylist=orlocal  While still in preliminary planning stages, the anticipated mix of state, federal, employer and individual funding could very well become a model for other states.
From the article linked above:  "Unresolved are details such as how much businesses and workers would contribute."  That seems like quite an important "detail." This is certainly a step in the right direction, though, as long as universal health care can be made affordable to everyone.
My impression is that what would be a reduced cost of health care costs to private business entities and for state/muni government services are the primary political selling points. Civil service unions will grumble but Democrats have a clean out while appearing as heroes to the general public voters. The private sector will enjoy those reduced costs for bottom line purposes and that's all Republicans need to fiscally assure their supporters and that voting public.   The complexity of developing a formal business plan for such a proposition is enormous. Identifying potential federal, state, county, city and business funding sources while constructing overheads will take time. As a capitalist, I'd think the completed business plan with operating data would be extremely valuable to other states. What an opportunity for an adequately financed private consulting group to make a long-range killing for investors.
I'd be amazed if it actually worked. Health care is too complicated of an issue for the costs to not get outta hand.
I'd be amazed if it actually worked. Health care is too complicated of an issue for the costs to not get outta hand.  It is a simple problem to solve. You just allow anyone who wants to buy into health insurance. Make the system like car insurance. Wouldn't it be silly if only employers offered car insurance?
It still boils down to nothing but a complicated business plan identifying currently scattered sources of revenue and existing overheads. In Oregon and many other states no hospital or clinic receiving any type of government funding can refuse medical care. The consequence of that is those without health care insurance literally clog hospital emergency rooms with ailments that could be effectively treated by private physicians at a far lower cost. Reductions in private sector and state/muni government employee health care plan costs alone would probably fund the remainder of state requirements.
Operating costs are already in place, which include liability insurance. This endeavor is to fold multiple private policies into a public policy for coverage expansion and reduced costs. Cost reductions are basic in nature; elimination of private carrier profit margins, reduced policy costs for private entities furnishing health care coverage and reduced state/municipal costs by consolidation.  As in most endeavors, private and public, liability exposure beyond capitalization equity self-insurance for the state would be carried by reinsurers. Individual practitioners and hospitals under contract would continue to carry their own liability insurance. As to escalation of negligence award amounts, I'd think the state would include legislation capping such awards.
let me make sure i have your idea here, you would want the goverment to insure everyone. (somethnig like expanding medicare to all)  Not me, I don't particularly care. As in the linked article, The State of Oregon is going to offer health care coverage to all Oregon residents. It would be similar in coverage to expanding Medicare, but only at a state level using federal (medicare and medicaid), state, muni, private sector and individual coverage funds currently providing insured health care. The savings of one state plan consolidating all current revenues over private carriers insuring private and public entities, bulk drug plans and limiting liability awards would also provide coverage for those unable to provide their own health care insurance.   Obviously nothing can happen on the drug portion until Cheney is out of office due to his ties to the drug industry.
How are they going to pay for this? Oregon hardly has the money to properly fund its school systems much less pay for a universal healthcare system.  I don't know anyone on the committees, but people I know who have taken a look at the initial proposal and understand the current Oregon public health program (manages Medicaid and other fed/state health funds) say it's financially feasible by the proposal to combine current private policy subscriptions (including civil service at all levels other than federal) and fed/state/muni contributions. I'm told the key will be deductibles and how they scale them.  Oregon's schools (excluding rural designations) would have plenty of money if educator unions didn't have funding in a stranglehold. Word is that unless benefits and retirement now equaling private sector CEO levels aren't cut back the system will crash within the next decade.   Off-topic, but civil service pay and benefits are an upcoming US crisis. Unions have switched from ruining manufacturing industries to the public sector. The county I live in already has a dual work force, union and non-union, with union workers to eventually disappear by attrition. Maybe sooner when looking at budget forecasting.
Most countries that have universal care pay far less per capita than do people in the U.S. for the same service. On average, total medical costs per person are about half what we pay here, and if you just look at administrative costs alone, they are about 30% of what we pay per person here in the U.S. But the U.S. health care system even more crippled: people with universal care also use their services more, more visits, more surgeries...more people receive service, and more of it, for less money.   So when people talk about "how are you going to pay for it", it is a bit misleading. The transition costs may be higher as people get shuffled around and taxes rebalanced, but overall it costs far less. Also, I looked up the tax rates for various countries, and if you subtract the amounts in their national budgets going to other socialized programs (since obviously we would not have those), then the rates are very comparable. In fact, since I don't have many deductions, my tax burden would even be slightly less in a place like Britain if you don't include consumer sales taxes.
Oregon is another argument on behalf of a single payer health care system.   Now that some time has passed, we can see that they did NOT and do NOT have enough money to pay for it. Hospitals making value judgments on individuals' lives ... like who is more worthy of treatment? A cancer sufferer? Or someone with heart disease?   Pro-life means everyone gets health care. No ifs, ands or buts.
Oregon is another argument on behalf of a single payer health care system.   Now that some time has passed, we can see that they did NOT and do NOT have enough money to pay for it. Hospitals making value judgments on individuals' lives ... like who is more worthy of treatment? A cancer sufferer? Or someone with heart disease?   As things stand now, those decisions are made on the basis of ability to pay, which is the cruelest form of rationing that could ever exist.emoticon_mad   Pro-life means everyone gets health care. No ifs, ands or buts.  At what cost? To whom? Is this meant to be ironic? Serious questions all.
Poor Oregon. At least the country will see it fail in Oregon, thus discouraging universal healthcare nationwide.  You misunderstood, I believe. How is the GOVERNMENT going to pay for it? And what about jobs that include healthcare plans?   If somebody is dying and has little chance of survival, chances are under universal healthcare they will not be treated and thus left to die. Priorities of who to treat will have to be set. Under private healthcare, the individual can choose to pay for treatment if they can afford it. I would rather have some people attempt to save lives if they can afford it, no matter how serious. It would be better to have that than to have all people with little chance of survival told they wont be helped.  If you can't afford a surgery, you can at least try to get money or even borrow or ask for help. But under universal healthcare, if the chances of survival are not high enough, it doesn't matter what you think, the government is in control.  I have been told that women have the right to control their bodies, not the government. Why is it that now government can control healthcare and choose who will get treatment or not? If I am sick, and have little chance of survival, I would still want to at least TRY. My grandfather was told he wouldn't survive, but his cancer treatment helped him live 3 more years before dying. And boy did we pay for it. I cherished those three years, and I would have given anything to ensure he was kept alive as long as possible. If he had been in a universal healthcare system, he would have been told there was too little chance at surviving. People need to be told they may still live, not that they should just give up.  You are erecting a strawman. Your first point, about treatment of the terminally ill, has some merit with regard to cancer drugs that may buy a month or two at costs in the 10s of thousands, but not otherwise, and even then public healthcare does not prevent people paying for the drugs. The NHS in the UK spends large amounts on treating people with low chances of survival, on a daily basis. It also spends vast amounts on treating chronic conditions for which it is simply impossible to get insurance cover, like the treatment my father needs for (if memory serves) multi-focal motor neuropathy, a very expensive blood derivative. In any case, it is not the government, in the sense of legislators, who make these decisions. Decisions on whether and how to treat are made by individuals in consultation with their doctor. The only time the courts get involved in when doctors and representatives of the patient disagree, as in the cases of terminally ill babies.  The biggest point in all this is that you can still get private treatment in a country with a national healthcare system, unless you choose to ban private healthcare (there are arguments that support this which I'll not get into here).
How so? By stating a consequence of nationalized healthcare? How is Oregon going to pay for this? Does anybody know?   The government should NEVER get involved in how we act upon our health. It is the individual's right to choose what they think is best. Who should control the health of an ill baby? The parents or the government?  Your "consequence" is a strawman. The government is not involved in your choice. As explained, that is between you and your doctor, and there is no bar to your seeking healthcare privately.  http://www.nhs.uk/NHSEngland/choices/Pages/Aboutpatientchoice.aspx  "Control the health of an ill baby"? What does this mean? Medicine in its present form is not sufficiently advanced to "control" anyone's health.
Single payer costs less than what they want to do now. Btw, here's a recent video and transcript about single payer from Democracy Now!    t r u t h o u t | Baucus's Raucous Caucus  In the video, Amy Goodman covers the arrests of 5 more doctors, nurses and single payer advocates at the Senate Finance Committee hearing, bringing the total (including last week) to 13. The video includes a segment showing a demonstration by about 30 nurses who silently stood in unison, then turned their backs on Max Baucus before walking out. The nurses wore signs on their backs saying, "Nurses Say: Stop AHIP" [America's Health Insurance Plans, a health insurance industry lobby]. Amy Goodman also interviews Dr. Margaret Flowers of Physicians for a National Health Program, and Russell Mokhiber, Single Payer Action founder, both of whom were among those arrested. Dr. Flowers addresses the need for a national health system -- which we do not have -- the present system highly fragmented, as well as what is sometimes raised as (what I'd describe as the non-existent) issue of "choice," i.e. choosing one's doctors and making decisions about treatment.
How so? By stating a consequence of nationalized healthcare? How is Oregon going to pay for this? Does anybody know?   The government should NEVER get involved in how we act upon our health. It is the individual's right to choose what they think is best. Who should control the health of an ill baby? The parents or the government?  It depends on whether the parents are acting in the best interests of the child. Mechanically prolonging life when there is no hope of survival is considered by most doctors to be extremely cruel and so in a tiny number of cases they have gone to court to ask them courts to allow them to let dying babies pass away peacefully, against the wishes of the parents.  My point is that the "consequences" you state are not consequences at all. Sure, you could set up a system with those problems, but they are not a necessary consequence of a national healthcare system. They are no more accurate than characterising a private system as doctors rummaging through the pockets of an accident victim looking for a credit card and seeing if he's good for the costs of treatment before proceeding.
It depends on whether the parents are acting in the best interests of the child. Mechanically prolonging life when there is no hope of survival is considered by most doctors to be extremely cruel and so in a tiny number of cases they have gone to court to ask them courts to allow them to let dying babies pass away peacefully, against the wishes of the parents.  My point is that the "consequences" you state are not consequences at all. Sure, you could set up a system with those problems, but they are not a necessary consequence of a national healthcare system. They are no more accurate than characterising a private system as doctors rummaging through the pockets of an accident victim looking for a credit card and seeing if he's good for the costs of treatment before proceeding.  Actually, it's a consequence of the U.S. system, recalling a story I read about a terminally ill man who elected medically assisted suicide (which I support, btw). One of the considerations, however, among several, bearing on his decision was the great cost of treatment and the tremendous financial debt he'd be leaving behind to his wife and family.   While I support medically assisted suicide, I don't think people should have to make these decisions because the costs of treatment is such a burden. In this case, a single payer system promotes the alleged values of a pro-life community simply because it makes pro-life choices more feasible to patients and their families.
When medical care is so financially out of reach, when doctors are more busy negotiating with insurance companies over treatment, and with patients over organs, rather than practicing medicine, when 27,000 Americans die every year because they don't have "coverage", when medical bills are the no. one cause of bankruptcy and homelessness, we do not have a system that engenders "choice". People and their healthcare are being driven by a profit-motivated market.  Profit needs to be taken out of the equation with health care. We don't need to start from scratch. We do not need an employer-based system. Just open up the public system we already have, no pre-existing conditions, and let the capitalists fend for themselves, without the protection of the Nanny State. (Meaning, our Congress, on the take. With persons like Max Baucus, one of the biggest nannies of them all, having received hundreds of thousands over the years, a good example. That nanny should step down.)  Where is their much spouted confidence in free market principles? They're among the richest and the brightest Americans. I think they can handle it, and help charge up the economy at the same time, with something less cancerous to the United States. Than health insurance, the modern equivalent to practicing medicine superstitiously, by blood-letting. Slowly (and sometimes, quickly) killing the patient, instead.
No...it isn't. The consequences of something do not become strawmen... Here is an article that talks about the consequences (so called strawmen emoticon_rolleyes) of universal healthcare Canadian Health Care Is No Model for U.S. - by Jay Lehr, Ph.D. - Health Care News  "If somebody is dying and has little chance of survival, chances are under universal healthcare they will not be treated and thus left to die."  Your claim that some patient groups would be allowed to die as a consequence of the introduction of Universal Healthcare is untrue, and attacking UH through this untrue assertion is classic use of strawman tactics.
That PhD doesn't know what he's talking about with the Canadian system. The Canadians I know think ours is a bad joke, and wouldn't trade. Plus, Americans are already waiting as long or longer than people under universal systems.  The Doctor Will See You&#8212;In Three Months  And I know stories where it's much longer, if at all.  Now we know all our sold-out Congressional representatives, Republicans and Democrats alike, will just hop on over for the finest, in socialized medicine. While the taxpayer, going without, picks up the tab. To wit:  It may surprise you to know that in the U.S. members of Congress and Presidents have a long history of also enjoying the socialized medicine taxpayers provide for them. In fact, members of Congress have the choice many of them want to deny you. They can choose a private health insurance plan through the Federal Employees Health Benefits (FEHB) program or they can get top-notch medical care at government facilities, like the Bethesda Naval Medical Center in Maryland.  Many regularly choose the public option. For example:  When John McCain (R-AZ) found a discolored blotch on his left temple he headed to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda to have the spot checked out.  Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) had his heart bypass surgery at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda.  Former Senator Jesse Helms (R-NC) went to Bethesda Naval Medical Center in Maryland complaining of fatigue and subsequently got a new heart valve there.  U.S. Presidents also have a long history of using the socialized medicine provided to them by taxpayers, including George W. Bush and Ronald Reagan.  http://www.ourfuture.org/blog-entry/2009031218/who-prefers-public-health-insurance-option  I would be interested in how Max Baucus and some Democrats are getting theirs. As well as how some of our members of Congress (and ex members of Congress) and their families are taking care of their teeth.
No, it's a strawman. Your response to the proposal of universal healthcare is to claim that it will result in all manner of unsavoury results, i.e. you misrepresent the position of those in favour of universal healthcare as being in favour of those outcomes. You are creating a strawman, a target that is false but is easy to beat.
Hillary and Company will tell you that 47 million in the United States are without health insurance. What they don't want to tell you is that 10 million of those are illegal aliens; 17 million of the remaining 37 million make more than 50 thousand dollars a year; half of those un-insured making over 50 thousand a year make over 75 thousand a year.  ...and she's evidently got some plan to force 10 million illegal aliens to purchase health insurance...in order to get a job.  It sure would be nice if you could provide documentation to support these absurd accusations.
Hillary and Company will tell you that 47 million in the United States are without health insurance. What they don't want to tell you is that 10 million of those are illegal aliens; 17 million of the remaining 37 million make more than 50 thousand dollars a year; half of those un-insured making over 50 thousand a year make over 75 thousand a year.  ...and she's evidently got some plan to force 10 million illegal aliens to purchase health insurance...in order to get a job.  Do you have anything to back any of that up, or are you just quoting someone else again without giving any credit?  The whole "citing your sources" thing isn't just about avoid plagarism you know. It's so that when someone lies to you, and you fall for it and pass the lie on, others can check up on what you're presenting and find the actual facts. (Yes, I'm assuming that you're passing on a lie. History does repeat itself after all.)
Try the U.S. Census records. I didn't actually look in the census records personally, but...  ...these people did it for me.  And you believed every word they fed you without a second thought. At least now we know whose line you're peddling. Please, cite your sources to start with in the future. It's not just a good idea, it's the rules. emoticon_xagree
I have friends paying well over $1000/mo to insure themselves and their families. How far do you think $50,000/yr goes? Especially in big city America. And how does one complain about undocumented residents using our medical system in one breath and in the next complain about a plan to have them pony up?:xbanghead
I have friends making substantially less than $50K/yr and they manage to buy a home, transportation, nice clothes and their own medical insurance...and still donate to charities.Where I live this would be impossible.
Yes...California is a brand new game. All the gold in California is in a bank in the middle of Beverly Hills...in somebody else's name.  Maybe we should raise the poverty level in California.  I believe that could be said about some other parts of the country, like NYC or New Jersey.
 Actually, I had heard it several times on radio talk shows that normally do research before making claims. I then read it on several sites that cited the U.S. Census Records as their source. Since the radio shows and the websites all credited the U.S.Census, I perceived that they could not have made it up...since they all matched within acceptable tolerances. It does seem reasonable to you that such information could be gleaned from the census data...does it not? It's plausible, but not something to be assumed. What often happens here is that some conservative think tank will sit down and crank out something like this, and then distribute it. They'll send it out to the conservative radio hosts and the right wing blogs and the republican mailing lists. Then people like you will say "gee, I've heard the same thing 5 different places, it must be true!". The fact that it's telling you what you want to hear doesn't hurt either.    Will you agree that what they say is true? Blindly? Not a chance.
Then be consistent on this demand. I've seen plenty of threads where you don't call for sources.  That's not how it works. Consistent means I should always post my sources. You've posted some blatant lies recently without saying where you got them, that's why I'm badgering you in particular right now. If you see someone not citing sources feel free to say something, it's not my job to police the whole forum.
Ok, let's look at Clinton's claim now that Jim has supplied real data for us.   She said "It's really indefensible that we now have more than 45 million uninsured Americans"  The 2005-2006 census says there are 46.9 million uninsured. So is her claim a lie, a gross distortion? Clearly not. If you want to get technical you should subtract out the illegal aliens, about 10.2 million according to the census (although that is "not a citizen", many of those could be living here legally). Should you subtract out those with higher income? No, of course not. They don't have insurance, she's counting those without insurance, they count. Those who want to subtract those numbers are just working to make Clinton out to be a liar, essentially just making up arbitrary criteria for who should be counted in order to make Clinton's numbers look way off the mark. But they aren't. She almost certainly is going with the same numbers Jim provided, and just gave us the high level summary of them. This is just another case of the conservative media machine gunning for Clinton, as far as I can see.
conservative media machine gunning for Clinton  This group is going to be very busy for the next 13 months if Hillary gets the nomination.
 If that is a true quote, she lied. Not-a-citizen = not-an-American.  She didn't mention that some people choose not to buy insurance.  Gotta wonder how you're jumping to all these conclusions? You have the rest of the conversation she had, or are you basing all of your condemnation on the one single sentence that was fed to you? Is this just another case of someone saying something bad about Clinton and you lapping it up?   Her plan is to mandate that all people be forced to buy insurance. I think I do not want the government to make me buy a damn thing.  You own a car or a truck? You have the government mandated insurance for it?  Tada!!   Hillary's plan is to nationalize everything...as long as she and her Socialist cronies can govern.  And now cue the paranoia. I have to ask this. Everything you've posted recently about Clinton, that I've seen, has been based on distortions and lies. I've got to guess that most if not all of your anti-Clinton info is the same. My question is this: Have you ever considered that if so much of your info is bogus, then perhaps Clinton might not be as bad as you think? Rather then spreading lies because you think you're preventing some sort of danger, have you ever stopped and really thought about how real that danger actually is? Have you ever thought about how much you're being manipulated?
 I don't have to own a truck or car. I can walk, take taxis, trains, bum rides from friends. I only have to have a licence and insurance if I plan to use a vehicle on government roads. I can own a farm, have a truck that never leaves the farm and pay no mind to the licence requirement.  What you said: "I think I do not want the government to make me buy a damn thing." But the governement does make you buy something, and you seem to be ok with that. And the government makes you pay taxes, social security, all kinds of stuff. Face it, you're about 50 years too late if you really cared about the government having any say at all in how you spend your money. Since I've never heard peep one out of you over any of these things, I can't really believe that it's all that big a deal to you.   Her plan is that all people must buy health insurance whether they need it or not. Since all your info to date has been from liars who just want to slander Clinton I have to wonder how much you actually know about her actual plans. Care to share your data for this one? Is this based on a policy paper she wrote, or a right wing political hack job? That is, facts or lies? Your record to date rather suggests the later.   So far, it's based on her statements (that contain at least one lie).  No Jim, it's based on one statement provided for you by someone who, you yourself demonstrated, is willing to lie. Remeber, you showed that the numbers they gave were simply not true. Perhaps, just perhaps, they took that one sentence out of context! Perhaps her very next sentence went into the exceptions? Who knows? Certainly not you.   I don't know that any of it is bogus. You certainly haven't shown that.  Snopes did a great job of showing your last dig at Clinton to be bogus. You chose not to pay attention, but I can hardly be blamed for that. I can show you the truth, but I can't make you see it.   Are you denying that she is socialistic?  I don't even want to guess what you mean by that word, but I will say that whatever it is, it's almost certainly not true.
Human beings by their very biological nature are socialistic.
Personally, I think we NEED to be asking these questions, rather than just giving Clinton or any candidate an automatic benefit of the doubt. I agree, we need to know specifically what she'd do in cases of people who don't want to buy insurance for whatever reason. What about the Amish or Mennonite groups? What about others who just don't want to take from the govt's hand for whatever reason? This isn't being "paranoid", it's responsibly expecting candidates to be more specific and forthcoming. I don't care if it's Clinton or if it's George W. Bush, there's nothing paranoid about questioning and giving some skepticism toward what they want to do.  I agree and for the record....Hillarys plan SUCKS.   Any plan that is based on insuring people, but does not include a plan to reform the health care in insurance industries, is a crock that is destined to be an expensive failure.   The problem is that our healthcare is outrageously expensive. You do not solve that by sticking people on a subsidized HMO. You solve that by going head to head with the health care industry. You take away the AMAs certification authority and give it to the FDA. You remove the health care exemption from racketeering laws, and you mandate single price policies (so the lab work that costs one person $7 costs the next person $7, too, as opposed to the way it is now, where if you are insured it is $7 total cost, and if you are uninsured it is $90).  Just doing that....treating health care like every other industry, would halve our health care costs.   Then we stop paying R&D costs for the pharmaceutical companies so they cna turn around and gouge us. Patents that came from publicly funded research used to autmatically be public domain. You cold not have the federal government pay millions in R&D costs and then claim exclusive use of the fruits of that reasearch. You have to admit there is a certain logic there. The public pays for the research, the public should own the results.   Not only should we do that going forward, we should also pull the patents and place in the public domain all currently protected medication that was developed using public money.   Since the cost difference between name brand drugs that are still under patent and their generic counterparts that pop up as soon as they come off patent is typically 500%, that move should net a MAJOR savings when it comes to prescription drugs, since 80-90% of R&D costs for new drugs are paid not by the companies that ultimatly benifit from them, but by the federal government through NIH grants.
  Are you staggering in disbelief that Hillary actually has these plans?  No, I'm stating flat out that you are so desperate to believe any bad thing you hear about Clinton that you have no actual idea what her plans are. I'm quite sure that all you know, or want to know, are the distortions that you've been fed.     No cigar. She and others have used the 47 million number without modification in their arguments for socialized medicine. The fact that both sides round up numbers is not astounding. (7.886 to 8 is not a ridiculous round-up) The fact that she and others claim the full number without extracting the ones that are NOT AMERICANS makes it a lie.  And case in point. She quotes actual numbers, but because the one sentence fed to you does provide all the details you'd like, you label her a liar.    It did nothing of the sort. It gave its opinion regarding the full text from which the words she spoke were quoted. It did not successfully argue that she is not exhibiting socialist values.  And another case in point. It thuroughly showed that the quotes were taken out of context or edited to skew what was said. If having read the full text, if you actually did, you choose not to see that obvious truth, that's your choice.
I agree and for the record....Hillarys plan SUCKS.   Any plan that is based on insuring people, but does not include a plan to reform the health care in insurance industries, is a crock that is destined to be an expensive failure.   Ok, so do you have anything solid to back that up? I know Jim doesn't, but i'd like to hear what you have in the way of details.
Ok, so do you have anything solid to back that up? I know Jim doesn't, but i'd like to hear what you have in the way of details.  The one with the best plan is Dennis Kucinich, but like Ron Paul, he hasn't a prayer of going anywhere.
Ok, so do you have anything solid to back that up? I know Jim doesn't, but i'd like to hear what you have in the way of details.  you can download hillaries plan from her web page (less than 1 mb).  The problem I see with it is that it does not address the problems with the system. It focuses on affordability without apparently recognizing that affordability is a function of cost, and affordability is so low because costs in our system are outrageous.   Total cost to care for a broken leg in the US===$40,000 Total cost to care for that same broken leg in Germany === $8000  THAT is the problem. Health care is unaffordable because the costs in the US are so high, and unless we do something about those costs, no health plan, public or private, is sustainable.   I just put my grandmother in an intensive care facility for a few weeks so she can recover from a broken hip. WITH medicare, the out of pocket cost to me would have been $244 per day AND they are billing medicare $250 per day. WITHOUT medicare, my out of pocket cost is $265 per day. I am paying the $265 jsut becuause the little scam they are running ###### ME OFF. And the health care industry is FULL of stuff like that.  The entire pricing structure of the health care industry is completely wacked. If I had tried a pricing structure like that when I was running a business, I would be in prison right now for racketeering.   What hillaries plan basically boils down to is "make sure everybody is insured" which is nice and all, but without dealing with the problems in the underlying market, that approach amounts to nothing more than throwing money at the problem and one thing I have learned in life is that very few problems can actually be permanently solved just by throwing cash at them.
you can download hillaries plan from her web page (less than 1 mb).  The problem I see with it is that it does not address the problems with the system. It focuses on affordability without apparently recognizing that affordability is a function of cost, and affordability is so low because costs in our system are outrageous.   Total cost to care for a broken leg in the US===$40,000 Total cost to care for that same broken leg in Germany === $8000  THAT is the problem. Health care is unaffordable because the costs in the US are so high, and unless we do something about those costs, no health plan, public or private, is sustainable.   I just put my grandmother in an intensive care facility for a few weeks so she can recover from a broken hip. WITH medicare, the out of pocket cost to me would have been $244 per day AND they are billing medicare $250 per day. WITHOUT medicare, my out of pocket cost is $265 per day. I am paying the $265 jsut becuause the little scam they are running ###### ME OFF. And the health care industry is FULL of stuff like that.  The entire pricing structure of the health care industry is completely wacked. If I had tried a pricing structure like that when I was running a business, I would be in prison right now for racketeering.   What hillaries plan basically boils down to is "make sure everybody is insured" which is nice and all, but without dealing with the problems in the underlying market, that approach amounts to nothing more than throwing money at the problem and one thing I have learned in life is that very few problems can actually be permanently solved just by throwing cash at them.  Just look at Iraq... Bush has been throwing cash at them and things don't change.
Children need care and guidance over an extended period of time before they can achieve a reasonable degree of maturity and independence. An integral part of this development means guaranteeing them a sound education, a strong emotional support system and good health. Over 100 years ago our nation implemented a public school system that was designed to deliver a standardized education to each child. At the time, it was correctly thought that an educated citizenry was more apt to appreciate and nurture the nation's democratic principles. The emotional support system that our children needed was presumably given by involved parents, grandparents, religious leaders, friends and mentors. The guarantee of universal health care for kids, however, has been more problematic. With health care costs spiraling and often incompletely covered by a confusing mix of sources ranging from employers, employees, the government and insurance companies, it is no surprise that not everyone receives full health care coverage. The result is scandalous for a developed nation that purports to be a model of sophistication and modernity. We now have 15 percent of our population that are uninsured and another 35 percent who remain underinsured. Many of these are children.  George Bush recently vetoed an expansion of the State Children's Health Insurance Program. A popular bipartisan initiative, SCHIP was originally designed as yet another way to plug up health insurance gaps for children who are not wealthy enough to enjoy self-paid health insurance yet too wealthy to qualify for Medicaid. These low- to middle-income kids often fall between the cracks with their families having to pay increasingly higher doctor's bills. This recent initiative would have added four million new children to the eligibility list. The extra costs needed ($35 billion over five years) would be worked into the national budget with some money coming in from increased tobacco taxes.  The veto was a missed opportunity to do the right thing. It could have lent some moral authority (not to mention one positive legacy) to an administration that threatens to find itself soon relegated to the ash heap of history as one of the worst on record. The justification for vetoing the expansion of SCHIP has run the gamut of the same tired reasons. They included the need for fiscal restraint, a fear of "socialized medicine," the reluctance to tax smokers and giving "health care handouts" to too many kids above the poverty line. Unmentioned was the fact that insurance and tobacco companies (large contributors to all campaigns) were going to be negatively impacted by the legislation.   The president's claim that this program was too expensive rings hollow in the face of the massive deficit spending resulting from a war in Iraq - now in its fifth year and costing between $6 billion and $9 billion each month to prosecute, according to the Congressional Budget Office. It is profoundly hypocritical to have government employees, who enjoy federally controlled health care, deny the same to their constituents on the grounds that it will lead us down a slippery socialist slope. Finally, claiming that SCHIP's expansion will benefit too many "wealthy" kids neglects the fact that many of those kids belong to the long beleaguered middle class whose families find it increasingly difficult to carry on the American dream in light of skyrocketing medical bills through no fault of theirs.  We have a health care crisis in our nation that our leaders are too incompetent, craven or insensitive to resolve. The expansion of the SCHIP program promised to put a dent in the crisis until a permanent solution could be crafted. Instead of being an advocate for our nation's children, President Bush chose to placate his contributors and ideological base.
I agree the Shrub has lost it once again. He supports wasting almost 1 trillion dollars killing people but opposes spending less then 5% of that money to help save children. What happened to his culture of life? I guess in his culture of life people get bombed and children die of preventable diseases.
Spending on one program does not justify spending on another. Hopefully you do not elect to max out your credit card because you are already paying thousands to a mortgage company. You could just as easily justify the war spending by pointing to the massive cost of welfare (367 Billion according to the 2007 budget.) Poor logic.I'm not quite clear on the rest of your points so I will address this one. The "poor logic" is not mine. Your example does not quite lend itself to the principle I mentioned. It is more logical to assume that if we should choose to spend government money on the people who contributed to it, including those who already receive "government welfare", i.e. employees, armed services, et al. it would be reasonable.   Where is the logic or value in literally wasting that kind of OUR money attempting to prosecute a war without end? Where is OBL . . . . the one responsible for 9-11? After this amount of time and money Iraq is a fiscal dump! To continue this war rather than taking care of our own is wasteful, irresponsible and frankly stupid. ".....now in its fifth year and costing between $6 billion and $9 billion each month to prosecute, according to the Congressional Budget Office is beyond reason." (First thing you know this could add up to be real money.) $4,000 a second. As Dr. Phil asks, "What are you thinking?"   I guess it's all in where you place value on your fellow countrymen. Mine are different from yours.
Well first of all, how do you know the Leader article isn't mine?   My points are clear and there is no reason to continue to discuss this point with you. It is quite clear that you are adamant in support of this conflict and wish to quibble about maximum funds and ages of recpients. It would be advantageous if you would read the bill rather than relying on conservative talking points amplified by the president and misquoted as well. I'm surprised you haven't taken the time to do this since you apparently did an exhaustive search on the originality of my post which clearly demonstrates the thrust of your response.I really can't make this any clearer. Please don't. This may be difficult for you to believe but I didn't post this particularly for you. If you don't agree, fine. But to define an opinion with adjectives you have chosen to use is not in the interest of debate.The cost/success/progress of the War is completely and utterly irrelevant to why this bill should or should not be approved. Okay.So lets try this again shall we? No! Come out from behind your Cost-Of-War-Smokescreen and justify this bill. Explain why 25 year olds should be considered children. Explain how a family making $83,000/year cannot afford health care. Explain how a regressive tobacco tax will be sufficient to pay the insurance costs of these twenty-something toddlers. You refer to this post as a "smokescreen". To me, it's an opinion. Too bad your opinion doesn't happen to be the same as mine. But then, following your terse response, I'm not surprised. Your response appears to be bent on being right rather than considering other perspectives. It's a sad comment when someone is so intolerate of someone else's opinion that they feel a need to attack. But I am aware of how the "uniter" has brought us together. I will check tomorrow's News Leader for your response.Please do. Virginia is a red state if this helps. But the Leader is a blue paper. PS Just a clue. . . . .It might be good for you to read the title next time. . . .Cost of insuring middle-income children's health pales next to war 
Well first of all, how do you know the Leader article isn't mine?   My points are clear and there is no reason to continue to discuss this point with you. It is quite clear that you are adamant in support of this conflict and wish to quibble about maximum funds and ages of recpients. It would be advantageous if you would read the bill rather than relying on conservative talking points amplified by the president and misquoted as well. I'm surprised you haven't taken the time to do this since you apparently did an exhaustive search on the originality of my post which clearly demonstrates the thrust of your response. Please don't. This may be difficult for you to believe but I didn't post this particularly for you. If you don't agree, fine. But to define an opinion with adjectives you have chosen to use is not in the interest of debate.Okay. No! You refer to this post as a "smokescreen". To me, it's an opinion. Too bad your opinion doesn't happen to be the same as mine. But then, following your terse response, I'm not surprised. Your response appears to be bent on being right rather than considering other perspectives. It's a sad comment when someone is so intolerate of someone else's opinion that they feel a need to attack. But I am aware of how the "uniter" has brought us together. Please do. Virginia is a red state if this helps. But the Leader is a blue paper. PS Just a clue. . . . .It might be good for you to read the title next time. . . .Cost of insuring middle-income children's health pales next to war    FWIW, E Mutz treats everyone this way. He appears to have huge chips upon his shoulders which he likes to unload on those who don't support his intolerant, authoritarian, neocon views.
  So lets try this again shall we? Come out from behind your Cost-Of-War-Smokescreen and justify this bill. Explain why 25 year olds should be considered children. Explain how a family making $83,000/year cannot afford health care. Explain how a regressive tobacco tax will be sufficient to pay the insurance costs of these twenty-something toddlers.     Simple everyone should be covered no matter the age. I support taxes upon all business to suppot the cost of health care. I also support legally forcing all companies based or trading stock with in the United States to do the majority of manufacture of their products within the United States.
Abstinence 1, S-Chip 0 by Amanda Robb  Democratic leaders are right to contest President Bush's veto of their bill to expand the State Children's Health Insurance program. But sadly, their "bipartisan compromise" will leave millions of young Americans vulnerable to sickness and suffering of the most preventable kind.  To entice Republicans to support the bill, the House of Representatives agreed to increase money for abstinence-only sex education by $28 million, to a total of about $200 million a year. Abstinence-only courses, the only form of federally financed sex ed, teach that sexual activity outside of marriage is likely to cause psychological and physical harm.  If that were true, our health care system would be not only broken, but besieged. A 2002 survey found that 93 percent of American adults had had premarital sex by the age of 30.  In addition to provoking shame about a nearly universal activity, abstinence-only sex education is ineffective and dangerous. Last April, a 10-year study found that students who took abstinence-only courses were no more likely to abstain from sex than other students. Previous studies revealed that abstinence-only students avoid using contraception.
FWIW, E Mutz treats everyone this way. He appears to have huge chips upon his shoulders which he likes to unload on those who don't support his intolerant, authoritarian, neocon views.Intolerance seems to be everywhere today. I'm not sure of the purpose other than having to be right. How it serves our country is disputable.
Abstinence 1, S-Chip 0 by Amanda Robb  Democratic leaders are right to contest President Bush's veto of their bill to expand the State Children's Health Insurance program. But sadly, their "bipartisan compromise" will leave millions of young Americans vulnerable to sickness and suffering of the most preventable kind.  To entice Republicans to support the bill, the House of Representatives agreed to increase money for abstinence-only sex education by $28 million, to a total of about $200 million a year. Abstinence-only courses, the only form of federally financed sex ed, teach that sexual activity outside of marriage is likely to cause psychological and physical harm.  If that were true, our health care system would be not only broken, but besieged. A 2002 survey found that 93 percent of American adults had had premarital sex by the age of 30.  In addition to provoking shame about a nearly universal activity, abstinence-only sex education is ineffective and dangerous. Last April, a 10-year study found that students who took abstinence-only courses were no more likely to abstain from sex than other students. Previous studies revealed that abstinence-only students avoid using contraception.Thanks for adding facts rather than a "position".
Not only should he have vetoed this plan but Bush should look at other ways to cut back spending. This country can sustain what is spends now...why increase it more?  Then he should end the war in Iraq.
Based on your stances, what you want is akin to the old Soviet type communism, Matthew. I'll give you a little hint:   It doesn't work!  No they are still free to manufacture what they want they just need to do it here. They also need to be taxed to pay for the health care of people who work for them and the people who buy their products.  Why is it so hard for you, who claimes to be Christian, to support taking care of the sick, hungry, and the poor. Jesus was not a capitalist he was a socialist.
You do that and you guarantee private sector business failure because the cost of the products will have to rise.  nonsense people will still have to buy things and there will still be a need to make things.      The difference is that I help out of my willingness, not by government edict.  That is a selfish unchristian attitude.
No, Matthew, it's the simple law of profit and loss. When a business gets priced right out of the marketplace, it fails.  And there will be others to take its place. I am so tired of the line of arguement that over taxation will drive business out of business. Nonsense       How? God didn't say that the government has an exclusive right to my wallet either.  So then it is better to have people die on the streets to save your wallet?
   Strawman  You brought up your wallet.
Probably the best argument to end the war is that we can't afford the war but even if we end the war we are still in debt. Only way to solve that problem is to lower benefits and raise taxes...the exact opposite of what anyone would want.  That's because we have a group of cowards running the government today.
IDEA! emoticon_idea  Instead of socialized healthcare or national healthcare, lets call it CHRISTIAN HEALTHCARE. WWJD?  I'll help anybody anyway I can. I'll be your friend, I'll give you a ride, I'll work in a soup kitchen, but, don't ever ask me for money. Never, do you hear me NEVER! emoticon_mad
IDEA! emoticon_idea  Instead of socialized healthcare or national healthcare, lets call it CHRISTIAN HEALTHCARE. WWJD?  I'll help anybody anyway I can. I'll be your friend, I'll give you a ride, I'll work in a soup kitchen, but, don't ever ask me for money. Never, do you hear me NEVER! emoticon_mad   Asking for money is the America way, Doc.
Really? Then, according to your line of thinking, states like New York and Michigan, two of the highest taxed and most Liberal states in the country, should be drawing businesses by the boatload.    Can you explain these taxes that you say Michigan has that other satates don't?   Michigan is hardly liberal. Not all of michigan is liberal and not all of it is detroit. The west side of the state is a cithgap stronghold. If detroit was removed from Michigan the state would be reder and more conservative then Texas. I live in a small west michigan town of 20000 people there are 50 chruches and two christianist radio stations. The local sherifs race is is being hotly contested by 3 rebublicans and no other party. I go to vote and there are only republicans on the ballot locally. The state just raised taxes to pay for a 1.9 billion dollar budget deficit, there was nothing but the schools, medcade, and prisions left to cut. Those legislators that voted for tax increases are now facing recalls for voting to increase the income tax from 3.9 to 4.3% and extending the sales tax to include services, like palm reading.
Here's a newsflash for you guys: The US (both people and government) is BROKE. You have over $70 trillion worth entitlements floating around, no money to pay for them and you've just maxed out all your creditcards. Now is not a good time to add more entitlements to the list, no matter how "noble" your intentions are.And yet, we have enough money to stay in a war that's costing us $4,000.00 a second.  One of the reasons no one has responded to "Herr Mutz's" comment on the $83,000.00 is because it is factually incorrect as written here. The bill is written differently than offered by the talking heads, a hugh source of political knowledge here.  gamehuis, according to your profile you live outside of the US. How does your insurance coverage work there?
And just when you thought Bush's economic policies were the worst imaginable, someone comes along with some even more moronic than even he could dream up.
Can you explain these taxes that you say Michigan has that other satates don't?   According to Tax Foundation Data, Michigan ranks 14th in State and Local Tax burden with these taxes encompassing 11.2% of income. If you factor in Federal taxes, the citizens of Michigan fork over 31.9% of their income. This percentage ranks them 21st out of the 50 states and myriad territories.   The only reason Michigan doesn't rank higher on the list of highest taxed states is that the other Blue states are competing for the dubious honor. Of the top 14 taxed states, 12 are blue... What makes this even more extraordinary is that there were only 19 blue states to begin with, the vast proportion of which are the highest taxed in the union.  I only pay 3.56% income tax I don't know where they came up with their data. Could you list these taxes you seem to think I am paying as a citizen of michigan. I pay 32.11% comes out of my gross 11.28% federal, 5.97% ss, 1.4% medicad, 3.56% state,4.9% insurance, 5.0% 401k combined out of my check. So if I just go with taxes it is a total of 22.21%, 18.65% federal and 3.56% state. I don't know what dark hole you are pulling your figures from.   Please post a detailed list these supposed taxes I am paying. Please include a detail list of taxes outside of income that the citizens of Michigan pay that the citizens in other states do not pay.
Unfortunately, Mutzie, New York, with the Lamborghini of welfare programs, ranks numero uno in terms of overall taxation!  Not according to CNN. That distinction belongs to Maine.
Unfortunately, Mutzie, New York, with the Lamborghini of welfare programs, ranks numero uno in terms of overall taxation!  I guess the prison system is a welfare program?
What do you think most of the country would do if they raised taxes and lowered benefits including medicare and social security? They would kick out the president for one and probably a lot of congress. In the end, that is what it takes though.  Isn't that part of the republican platform? Raise taxes on the middle, and reduce benefits?
Well, spending money on wars is never a good thing, but just because that's bad, doesn't mean that spending it on other programs is good.Interesting. Making value judgements seem not to be a part of your logic. Spending on war or on health care seem to be the same in your opinion here.  I'm not knowledgeable enough about this subject to make any kind of judgement call on this one, but in general if someone writes something you think is factually incorrect, it's a good thing to call on them on their alledged BS instead of ignoring them.Maybe you should have read back a littler earlier in the thread. I did!! Here in Holland we used to have socialized medicine where our employers held back money from our paychecks. The employers then added a certain amount for each employee and then gave it to the government, who in turn gave it to the insurance companies. Employees were then able to choose from a list of insurance companies that their employers drafted. Unemployed people were only required to pay a token amount ($25-$50 per month) and got their insurance through a government insurance company. Health insurance was mandatory by law. As a conservative I'm not too happy about any kind of socialized medicine. I think that a true free market can deliver any service better and cheaper than a government controlled market. But all things considered, when you have a system, any system, that makes sure that all the people have health insurance, one can't really complain. I presume by what you wrote that having a conservative view trumps practicality. My wife and I pay $2,000 a month to Aetna for health care which cannot be bought elsewhere due to health reasons. Every other company will not insure us. Why? type II diabetes and high blood pressure. . .that's it! We still have a large deductible and co-payments for drugs. So, if you like free, truly free market, come on over. If you think private is better than universal, sponsored by the government, the borders are open. ]C'mon over. By the way, we already have some socialized programs including law enforcement, state and government workers, etc. We also have social programs which we can afford i.e. social security, medicare. BTW, only the neo-conservatives here are against all of us having some kind of decent, affordable coverage. Heath care here is a train wreck in many instances. If I didn't have (or could not afford) insurance, had a heart attack requiring surgery, my wife and I would be out on the streets. So, our choice is clear. . . .gamble or pay $2K a month. What would you do?
Interesting. Making value judgements seem not to be a part of your logic. Spending on war or on health care seem to be the same in your opinion here.  Maybe you should have read back a littler earlier in the thread. I did!! Here in Holland we used to have socialized medicine where our employers held back money from our paychecks. The employers then added a certain amount for each employee and then gave it to the government, who in turn gave it to the insurance companies. Employees were then able to choose from a list of insurance companies that their employers drafted. Unemployed people were only required to pay a token amount ($25-$50 per month) and got their insurance through a government insurance company. Health insurance was mandatory by law. I presume by what you wrote that having a conservative view trumps practicality. My wife and I pay $2,000 a month to Aetna for health care which cannot be bought elsewhere due to health reasons. Every other company will not insure us. Why? type II diabetes and high blood pressure. . .that's it! We still have a large deductible and co-payments for drugs. So, if you like free, truly free market, come on over. If you think private is better than universal, sponsored by the government, the borders are open. ]C'mon over. By the way, we already have some socialized programs including law enforcement, state and government workers, etc. We also have social programs which we can afford i.e. social security, medicare. BTW, only the neo-conservatives here are against all of us having some kind of decent, affordable coverage. Heath care here is a train wreck in many instances. If I didn't have (or could not afford) insurance, had a heart attack requiring surgery, my wife and I would be out on the streets. So, our choice is clear. . . .gamble or pay $2K a month. What would you do?  I, for one, am 100 percent behind universal health care.
I only pay 3.56% income tax I don't know where they came up with their data. Could you list these taxes you seem to think I am paying as a citizen of michigan. I pay 32.11% comes out of my gross 11.28% federal, 5.97% ss, 1.4% medicad, 3.56% state,4.9% insurance, 5.0% 401k combined out of my check. So if I just go with taxes it is a total of 22.21%, 18.65% federal and 3.56% state. I don't know what dark hole you are pulling your figures from.   Please post a detailed list these supposed taxes I am paying. Please include a detail list of taxes outside of income that the citizens of Michigan pay that the citizens in other states do not pay.  Hell, look it up for yourself:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/news/show/335.html  Tax Foundation data is more representative of tha actual tax burden faced by the States because the data provided by the Census Bureau does not incorporate local/property/sales taxes. You can get more data on your state here:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/research/topic/36.html  Yes, you may only pay 3.9% in INCOME tax, but you are quite forgetting property taxes, sales taxes, ad valorem taxes (where applicable). That doesn&#8217;t even begin to address imbedded taxes (increased costs of products gleefully passed along to you by businesses to offset the cost of their own taxes.) If you rent, you pay an imbedded property tax. You don&#8217;t think you landlord simply pays the tax without passing the cost on to you do you?   That is the basic problem with your desire to pay for the solution of the world&#8217;s problems by taxing business. Businesses pay no taxes, CONSUMERS pay taxes. The tax at the heart of the SCHIP debate (increased tobacco tax) is at its heart the most regressive of taxes.   For your particular edification you could review the Michigan Tax burden since 1970:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/research/show/461.html  Remember, the data incorporates the averages of the State and local taxes. Your own particular local may vary. If your own town is below the average, by all means, lobby your town council to rectify the &#8220;problem&#8221;. Your own tax burden may also be altered by adjusting investments, purchasing habits, etc. Curious that this is just the sort of thing you have accused the &#8220;evil rich&#8221; of doing.   Then you do not have a claim that Michigan is one of the highest tax states. I gave you the detail percentages from my paycheck. We have a 6% sales tax and dealing with the p&L's from the business I am in I know that there are no other taxes out there. So your overtaxation claim can not be upheld.
Then you do not have a claim that Michigan is one of the highest tax states. I gave you the detail percentages from my paycheck. We have a 6% sales tax and dealing with the p&L's from the business I am in I know that there are no other taxes out there. So your overtaxation claim can not be upheld.  I guess that&#8217;s my fault for not accepting your personal anecdote over the statistics provided by the Tax Foundation or the US Census Bureau. According to the former, Michiganders pay 11.2% in state and Local taxes, just slightly above the national average but high enough to place them at #14 out of 50 states. That sir is more than 36 other states, ergo Michigan IS one of the highest tax states.   Moreover, the US Census bureau ranks Michigan as #8 in total tax burden. The best data for Michigan appears in the per-capita tax rating in which Michigan is 18th with an average per capita tax burden of $2,324. Eighteenth is still well above the median. (http://www.census.gov) To be fair, Michigan ranks 3rd among states who impose a flat fee individual income tax structure. Yey Michigan! Too bad that is still higher than 36 other States.  So that is one non-partisan research group and one gubment agency against one personal anecdote.   But it&#8217;s getting worse:  Michigan Raises Income Tax to 4.35%  http://www.freep.com/apps/pbcs.dll/artikkel?Dato=20071001&Kategori=NEWS06&Lopenr=710010329&Ref=AR&imw=Y  (truncated for your attention span)  A potentially chaotic, full government shutdown was averted at around 4 a.m. when the state Senate voted to expand the 6% sales tax to various services, the final major piece of a plan to erase a $1.75-billion deficit and balance a 2007-08 budget.  Three of 21 Republicans voted for the sales tax change, and only one of 17 Democrats opposed it.  The vote came three hours after the House and Senate voted to raise the 3.9% income tax rate to 4.35%, and approved controversial changes in school employee health insurance and pension benefits aimed at reducing state costs.  Late Sunday, the Democrat-controlled House passed a bill to raise the state income tax from 3.9% to 4.35% by a 57-52 vote with just two Republicans &#8212; Chris Ward of Brighton and Ed Gaffney of Grosse Pointe Farms &#8212; voting for it. Only three Democrats &#8212; Lisa Wojno of Warren, Martin Griffin of Jackson and Mike Simpson of Liberty Township near Jackson &#8212; voted against it.  The Tax Foundation says ye are over taxed, the Census Bureau says ye are over taxed and now the State Gubment just increased the percentage of the income tax and expanded the sales tax so that now you are paying tax on even MORE items!  Lets recap: One Non-Partisan agency, One Gubment Agency and one Michigan Newspaper vs Matthew&#8217;s personal observation an observation which notably does not include property taxes (15th Nationally), alcohol or tobacco taxes (4th nationally), ad valorem taxex, etc. Significantly, your tax statement does not represent corporate tax collections (8th nationally) which is a key reflection of how attractive your State is to prospective employers. If you can't attract those evil corporations to your State, you cannot tax them to provide services to your citizens.   Where Michigan really gets hosed is the comparatively corporate friendly tax environment of neighboring Indiana. According to (sigh) statistics (sorry for the lack of personal anecdotes) on the scale of states with the most friendly Corporate Tax rates Michigan ranks 29th while Indiana ranks 12th.   Just damn.   If you have any real data this would be a good time to use it. In the meantime, I'll kick back in my red state and enjoy one of the lowest tax burdens in the Union.   PS: My car was built in Tennessee and I bought it 12 years ago so I haven't been helping much.   I gave you real data with the percents from my paycheck. Unless you can list some tax that I pay that those in others states don't pay you have no case. Your claim is false, no matter what statistics you are using when put up against the reality or real data. The Michigan income tax is going to 4.35% however that is still lower then the 4.4% that it was in 1995.
Not really. Let me simplify it for you: Spending on war is worse than spending on healthcare, BUT spending on anything is bad when you're BROKE(!). WEll duh. Point is in this country we find money for the things "we" believe in, i.e. war. No you didn't. You just said the equivalent of "I'm right and you're wrong" without backing it up with anything like a link to the bill or a direct copy/paste from it.That's the difference in reading the bill AND reciting what's heard. I've taken the time to read the bill. The figures mentioned are there but in a completely different context as stated here. Anyone else can do the same. Claims without proof are just opinions and we all know the saying about opinions.My point exactly. I hate to be the one to tell you this, but the markets in the US are anything but free. What you have are government controlled markets. Or did you think that all those HMO's and pharmaceutical companies employ armies of lobbyists just for fun and without expecting something in return?Well, I hate to tell you this but my daughter is employed by a pharmaceutical co. Most of us understand how and why lobbists work So, I don't think most of us "Americans" are as naive as you believe. So basically you would trust the same guys (politicians, corporations, lobbyists) that created the current system that forces you to pay $2k a month to come up with a system that's better for you and worse for themNot the same personalities but the same principles, yes. This problem was originated by Pres. Nixon. by supporting the founding of HMO's. So, it can be changed. Interesting how we Americans look at our country. Love America, hate the government. There is no such thing as a free market anywhere on the planet. Governments everywhere have a say in anything and everything.In this country the government is made up by the people but in many instances not FOR the people. Thehrefore change is possible if we can get cronically mentally lazy people off their bones and begin to think and vote. They even go so far as to regulate vitamins so that the people don't have free access to them and are forced to go to the mega corporations for their needs.I can go to any natural food store and buy any vitamins or supplements I care to buy. . . .or order on the internet.  Welcome to the wonderful world of corporatism (i.e. fascism).
[QUOTE=E Mutz;288530]If you think private is better than universal, sponsored by the government, the borders are open. ]C'mon over.   So you think that the gubment which could not respond to Katrina, could not find WMD, could not protect its citizens from lead-painted Chinese toys, could not guarantee food safety, cannot find Osama, wastes "$4,000 per second" on an unwinnable war and can not protect its borders is somehow going to fix healthcare?No, it won't be fixed with this administration. Fortunately our government has been run by far more competent people in the past and I'm sure will be in the future.  By the way, we already have some socialized programs including law enforcement, state and government workers, etc. We also have social programs which we can afford i.e. social security, medicare.  Interesting that you tout Social Security as a gubment success. Have you by any chance compared your social security benefit to the benefit you would have derived from privately investing? If the gubment were to take your SS tax dollars and invest them even conservatively you would have a far higher standard of living. This sounds as if you want the same incompetent government to manage your money. The social security my folks paid into now barely covers their property taxes and grocery costs. I've looked at the same scales and you're right. It is a shame. Pathetic. Couldn't agree more. I suppose the answer would be to raise their taxes to increase their benefits? Meanwhile the medicare trust fund will be out o' money by 2020. I wouldn't suggest a tax increase. The money would be there except Mr. Bush decided to cannibalize the program to support other programs. The money was there when he was elected. $$$$ was there until 2050. Think medicare is a success? Ask a physician who must deal with the paperwork and wait for reduced payment or the participant who must wait for services. Here in Florida, where "old" is originated, no one waits for a doctor. Medicare works pretty well here. No it isn't perfect. Physicians, if they participate with insurance companies agree to accept the "scale". You only pay full price when you pay cash. What would you suggest as an alternative? Do your parents already receive a healthcare plan from the government? Medicare? I don't begrudge them at all but it can be enlarged to include the larger population. Your avatar would lead one to believe that ye are a Vietnam veteran. Why no mention of your VA benefits or efforts to secure them?  Fortunately I do not have disailities stemming from action in VN. I did use my GI Bill for education.  Your medical insurance problems will be resolved on the backs of the younger generation as those baby boomers retire en masse. Fewer than 2.5 workers will be available to provide the tax moneys necessary to sustain the program. The solution: Cut benefits or increase taxes on those remaining tax payers.  I'm not sure what you mean. Are you suggesting it is my fault or my generation's fault for this broken system? Also, what about the more than 25000 injured vets in this war? It appears the man in the white house has disrupted this economy for a long, long time.  Taxes are a re-occuring theme in your statement. How is the useless "homeland Security" financed? How is the war being financed, other than through bonds? Mr. Bush has presumably "lowered" taxes when all the while he is digging the tax pit deeper every day for generations to come. So, when a president comes in to attempt to stop the damage, he (she) will be accused of RAISING TAXES. Yet it will be inevitable.  BTW, only the neo-conservatives here are against all of us having some kind of decent, affordable coverage I don't suppose you would suggest that neocons (or anyone else) are opposed to food, but I don't suppose you would suggest that anyone who does not support universal grocery subsidy is an evil neocon. What about shelter? Universal gubment sponsored housing! Only a neocon would question the cost! Huh?  Surely food and shelter are more fundamental needs than medical care. Yes they are but 47 million Americans are not without food. The problem is not that folks are opposed to others having these things. The problem is how to pay for these big society ideas without raising taxes to an onerous level.  I wouldn't call health care a "big society" idea. I call it a human right. Americans already spend 1/3 of the year at work simply to satisfy their current tax burden. I doubt many of them would be excited to have to work until May or June to satisfy the tax man.I agree. But I think we can both agree that there's a few dollars of "pork" which could be reduced from the budget before a tax increase to pay for health care would be necessary.
The funny thing about statistics is that they are data. The statistics I have quoted reflect the total tax burden of the average citizen of Michigan. Your pay check does not constitute a sizable data pool and does not reflect all the taxes you pay. Your real data is not complete. Your figures do not include property taxes, sales taxes, gasoline taxes, tobacco taxes, telephone taxes, local taxes and imbedded taxes. It also does not reflect the payroll taxes paid by your EMPLOYER. Your employer does not pay this tax but merely subtracts it from your total compensation.   I have rather patiently provided you with real-world data I have provided citations and statistics from three separate sources which you have countered with a pay stub. Your pay stub does not negate the previously posted statistics which consistently place Michigan in the ranks of the highest taxed states. The US Census ranks Michigan in the top 20% of taxed states. Your paycheck cannot erase that.   If we take you at your word and assume your provided figures are correct (but adjust the income tax to the current flat-rate of 3.9%, your payroll deductions account for a total of 22.55% of your total income. Lets look at some of the taxes ye missed:   Property Taxes  Property Taxes per $1,000 of Personal Income: This measure. from the U.S. Census Bureau, is probably the best measure of the relative burden of taxes. In fiscal year 1990, Michigan ranked 10th among the 50 states with $47.09 in property taxes per $1,000 of personal income. The national (50-state) average was $35.62. Michigan's high burden also placed it second among the 12 Midwestern states. http://www.educationreport.org/article.aspx?ID=5802  The mathematician in ye will inform you that $47.09 out of every $1,000 = 4.79%. Even if you pay rent to a landlord you are absorbing this tax in increased rent.  22.55%+4.79% = 27.34%.  Sales Tax:  Here it gets a little tricky. The average Michigander (Michigoose?) pays $781 per year in sales tax. Given that the average per capita income in Michigan is $37,538 the average per capita sales tax expenditure equals 2.0% of the average per capita income.  22.55%+4.79%+2.0% = 29.34%  Gasoline:  Michigan&#8217;s gasoline tax is a modest $.19875 per gallon. According to the US Department of Energy, the average American consumes 500 gallons of gasoline per year. This means that the average Michigander forks over just about $100 in gas taxes. Add the nearly $100 you pay in federal gasoline taxes and you have another .5% of tax. Factor in the additional costs for 6% sales tax (not factored in the above sales tax calculation) and you reach 0.75%  22.55% + 4.79% + 2.0% + 0.75% = 30.09%.   Tobacco Tax:  According to the Michigan Tobacco Settlement Filings, as of 2002 there were 2.4 Million smokers in Michigan. Taking the US Department of Health and Human Services data, we can conclude that these smokers consume an average of one pack per day. The Michigan Tobacco Tax (4th highest in the nation) stands at $2.00 per pack. Each day, smokers cough up $4.8 million in tobacco tax or $1,752,000,000 per year. Given the 2006 population of the State of Michigan, we can extrapolate the average per capita cost for the tobacco tax at $175.00.   22.55% + 4.79% + 2.0% + 0.75% + 0.4%= 30.49%. For a difference of , 7.94% or $2,980 per capita.  Well Matthew, it would appear that I discovered nearly $3,000 worth of taxes you didn&#8217;t realize you were paying. I&#8217;m beginning to understand why you think people should pay more taxes to fund more socialist endeavors. Add in local and municipal taxes, user fees, ad valorem taxes, tolls, utility and telephone taxes, and your percentage will reach those put forth by the US Census Bureau and the Tax Foundation.  If you have real data from a reputable source please put it forward, or at least call me a bigoted neocon. Anything but please do not put your pay check forward as evidence. It makes you look ill-informed and makes this all too easy.   Are you saying that people in other states don't pay property taxes, sales tax, tabacco tax, or gas taxes?
Perhaps you should interview a large group of people from a country that has such already.  You appear to be 100% behind socialism and a big government parent to provide your every need. Let's just put EVERYBODY on welfare.emoticon_rolleyes  You'd have to look a long way in the UK to find anyone willing to exchange the NHS for the US system. Even the tories are forced to pledge to defend the NHS.
Perhaps you should interview a large group of people from a country that has such already.  You appear to be 100% behind socialism and a big government parent to provide your every need. Let's just put EVERYBODY on welfare.emoticon_rolleyes  Makes more sense than the system we have today that just continues to escalate out of sight for many. And if for whatever reason you lose your job, I hope you have lots of money set aside to pay your own way, bud, cause you're going to need it.
isly,  Are we in the US on our way toward the unavailability of medical care due to governmental control?   Get serious, man.  We already have unavailability of medical care based on something far more cruel - ability to pay.  I have a dear friend who is not making enough in wages to be able to afford private medical insurance (Now there's an oxymoron. The only thing that gets healthy is these companies' bottom line.).  My friend needs a liver transplant. No, he's not Mickey Mantle who drank himself into this situation.  The hospital wants $150K up front to put his name on the waiting list.  Now there's a death sentence.  America as a country should be ashamed of things like this.  The sooner we have single payer health care financed through taxes, the better I will like it.
What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.
Without a universal health insurance, the limiting factor is the individual's wealth, and thus only the rich can afford health care. With universal health insurance, the limiting factor is the total amount of resources available, meaning that anyone can get treated regardless of their individual resources, unless the total resources are not sufficient.   Given that serious treatments are so expensive that only the truly rich can afford them (just who can afford 150000 just like that?), I'd say universal health care is better.  After all, it might well be YOU that gets something serious that's just too expensive for you to afford.
It's a couple of years out of date now, but I don't think pay has gone down: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/6157219.stm  When I said "this country" I was referring to the UK, median earnings are arounf the 25k mark, apologies for any ambiguity.
The number of private GPs is vanishingly small. In any case my understanding is that the 106k figure is based on the new NHS contracts that have seen GP pay double in the last few years. Private doctors would not be subject to these contracts. The figures on the website you link to are based on a tiny sample (look at the numbers in brackets), and despite the claim to have been updated on the 4/2/08 (I'm assuming that's US dating) I suspect that this is because the most recent piece of data was added then, rather than all the data. It's a self selecting group with no statistical validity. The 100k+ figure has been widely reported in the UK media, there has been a lot of discussion about whether doctors are now overpaid compared to other public sector workers for the work they do.
veterinary science requires broadly similar grades, but longer training. This makes sense because you need to be able to perform pretty much all the same procedures as a doctor, but be able to do them on everything from a coy carp to an elephant.
yeah - but with all that care: [*]They are legally unwanted and killed in animal shelters[*]things like dogs cats horses in parts of the worlds are used for food - not just killed and toss out.  I'm not sure what your point is.
By PAUL KRUGMAN Published: April 11, 2008  Not long ago, a young Ohio woman named Trina Bachtel, who was having health problems while pregnant, tried to get help at a local clinic.  Unfortunately, she had previously sought care at the same clinic while uninsured and had a large unpaid balance. The clinic wouldn't see her again unless she paid $100 per visit - which she didn't have.  Eventually, she sought care at a hospital 30 miles away. By then, however, it was too late. Both she and the baby died.  You may think that this was an extreme case, but stories like this are common in America.  Back in 2006, The Wall Street Journal told another such story: that of a young woman named Monique White, who failed to get regular care for lupus because she lacked insurance. Then, one night, "as skin lesions spread over her body and her stomach swelled, she couldn't sleep."  The Journal's report goes on: "Mama, please help me! Please take me to the E.R.," she howled, according to her mother, Gail Deal. "O.K., let's go," Mrs. Deal recalls saying. "No, I can't," the daughter replied. "I don't have insurance."  She was rushed to the hospital the next day after suffering a seizure - and the hospital spared no expense on her treatment. But it all came too late; she was dead a few months later.  How can such things happen? "I mean, people have access to health care in America," President Bush once declared. "After all, you just go to an emergency room." Not quite.  First of all, visits to the emergency room are no substitute for regular care, which can identify and treat health problems before they get acute. And more than 40 percent of uninsured adults have no regular source of care.  Second, uninsured Americans often postpone medical care, even when they know they need it, because of expense.  Finally, while it's true that hospitals will treat anyone who arrives in an emergency room with an acute problem - and it's wonderful that they will - it's also true that hospitals bill patients for emergency-room treatment. And fear of those bills often causes uninsured Americans to hesitate before seeking medical help, even in emergencies, as the Monique White story illustrates.  The end result is that the uninsured receive a lot less care than the insured. And sometimes this lack of care kills them. According to a recent estimate by the Urban Institute, the lack of health insurance leads to 27,000 preventable deaths in America each year.  But are they really preventable? Yes. Stories like those of Trina Bachtel and Monique White are common in America, but don't happen in any other rich country - because every other advanced nation has some form of universal health insurance. We should, too.  All of which makes the media circus of a few days ago truly shameful.  Some readers may already have recognized the story of Trina Bachtel. While campaigning in Ohio, Hillary Clinton was told this story, and she took to repeating it, without naming the victim, on the campaign trail. She used it as an illustration of what's wrong with American health care and why we need universal coverage.  Then The Washington Post identified Ms. Bachtel, the hospital where she died claimed that the story was false - and the news media went to town, accusing Mrs. Clinton of making stuff up. Instead of being a story about health care, it became a story about the candidate's supposed problems with the truth.  In fact, Mrs. Clinton was accurately repeating the story as it was told to her - and it turns out that while some of the details were slightly off, the essentials of her story were correct. After all the fuss, The Washington Post eventually conceded that "Bachtel's medical tragedy began with circumstances very close to the essence" of Mrs. Clinton's account.  And even more important, Mrs. Clinton was making a valid point about the state of health care in this country. By PAUL KRUGMAN Published: April 11, 2008 Not long ago, a young Ohio woman named Trina Bachtel, who was having health problems while pregnant, tried to get help at a local clinic.  In other words, this was a disgraceful episode. It was particularly sad to see a number of Obama supporters (though not the Obama campaign itself) join enthusiastically in the catcalls against Mrs. Clinton's good-faith effort to put a human face on the cruelty and injustice of the American health care system.  Look, I know that many progressives have their hearts set on seeing Barack Obama get the Democratic nomination. But politics is supposed to be about more than cheering your team and jeering the other side. It's supposed to be about changing the country for the better.  And if being a progressive means anything, it means believing that we need universal health care, so that terrible stories like those of Monique White, Trina Bachtel and the thousands of other Americans who die each year from lack of insurance become a thing of the past.  http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/11/opinion/11krugman.html?_r=6&ref=opinion&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=logi&oref=login  ------------------
Though it does appear that, in this case, she was not lying.  Yet another alleged lie, by the Hillary-haters, shown not to be. emoticon_xangel
It Depends. If its like Canada's, then no way.
My plan gives anyone with an income under 25,000 access to basic healthcare...better than nothing.
Canada's combined tax rate around 1991 (including all three levels of Gov't) was about 50% of gross income. I don't know how much that's changed...  It interesting how some people in my province are against a two tier system. That would mean making it legal for private hospitals to start up. They say that its unfair. I think its terrifically petty - considering that the people who could afford it would get hospital care and get out of our lineups. Both they and the people who can't afford it would benefit. But its not fair!   I agree with Broker - make it available to people under a certain income bracket.
Government should not provide free (at the point of delivery) health care at all. The only way to do it is to force other people to pay for it--i.e. slavery. And slavery is bad, mmmkay?
the biggest problem with heath care that cause the consideration for a national health care system is cost. the government has never been the best institution to manage cost (it tend to both over spend and needlessly spend) the best control for cost is when an individual decides how to obtain what is best for his money.  thus the problem is only partly cost the other being that people do not want to take responsibility to save for a rainny/sick day and when the day come, do not bother to shop for the best value it is much easier to demand the best in care for nothing spent.  a national health care system will not solve the need to improve the quality and quantity of care delivered though it may improve the quantity delivered. may because in most system without financial incentives, productivity falls.
It's too bad that they can't afford their own health care, but how does that obligate others to pay for it for them?
a national health program would slow or stop a lot of advancment in medican. why do drug compnies spend millions for drug reserch ( it aint for the humanatarn reasons), why do docters try to find less invacive ways of sergical treatment?  MONEY!!!  if you have the best drug, you can charge for it. if you can fix (insert your choice o fsurgery here) and only makr 2 1 ' insisions, you can charge both the pashent, and outher docs to see how it is done. (called proctering)
Is it true that the treatment for cancer in the free British system is pain medication?
The thing national health care does is give more responsibility to the government. It is a recurring theme in government to use money inefficiently. Giving people with a checkbook to balance every month the power is the most effective alternative.  As for giving people under a certain income privileges: 1. What about the people just over? 2. Will people just over try to make less to get more in aid from the government?
The top 10% of people in this country pay 67% of the taxes. Most of the money from the middle class? No, not at all.
I just told you that that wasn't true. Look up the statistics for yourself if you don't believe me or show me statistics that say otherwise.
You are the one telling me I am wrong, quote me three economists who have said that.  I watch financial news every day. I have NEVER heard any economist EVER say that. It's absurd.  It's not my responsibility to do your research. If my statistic is wrong point me to your correct one.  Can you do it? Let's see.
http://www.blueeyedtex.com/politics/WhoPaysTaxes.htm  That page contains information from the IRS individual income returns filed. You can check it with the IRS web site if you don't believe it. Nice pie charts for you. :)  Those numbers are for the year 2000. But the numbers don't change much year to year.  Now, show me the page using IRS statistics to say that the middle and lower class pays the most in taxes. If that's true it should be very easy to step all over my claim.
That's just an exuse to allow you to ignore statistics so that you can pretend your positions make better since.
I already replied to you, look up. I was addressing the other poster.
National health care would be a great mistake. The government is not in the health care business. They should not be in the health care business and as long as I can vote, I will do my best to keep them out of the health care business.
Work in the health care business then? Or is there another reason for this?  Anyone got the stats on the equivalent level of health insurance you would get if you paid as much money as you would do from tax to the NHS? I believe you get whatever you need or want. The problem isn't how much you get. The problem is how you will get it. Ask Waxy to explain how or why many Canadians come here for health care.
Another problem with national health care is what incentive do the docs. have to become the best? (if you say love of fellow man, I will know that you have never worked in health care) In the US they do it for the money and power (yes I know there all not in it for this, but most are)
What proof in the politics thread? I see nothing...
If the gov. controls health care, they control who lives and who dies. With limited resources, who decides if an old man gets a liver transplant? Should the fact he is a drinker matter? What if he already has cancer or something else?  What about my rights? Will the government try to control parts of my life so I will be more healthy? The gov. here in CT already requires seat belt use, even though only I will be affected if I choose not to use it. Will all smoking be outlawed?   How about lawsuits? People already talk about suing MacDonalds because they are obese. Can the government afford the liability?  Finally, if I am rich, will I not be able to use my own money to buy additional health services? Or will the gov. restrict how I spend my money on legal products or services?  regards, everyone...
If you are rich of course you can get additional services from private medical care, or even just going abroad for treatment if you really had to.  As for the first example, thats just stupid. There is always a limited supply of donor organs, so you think that the heavy drinker with inoperable cancer should get a liver before a 19 medical student, or a young mother of two because they have less money (in these cases we are not dealing with 'enough' money, but which transplantees have the most, organs have practically no upward limit)? Docters make these descions anyway as even in private medical care as there is still limited resources like bed space and all descions are not made off money alone (which is far scarier to me than your Stalinist idea of national healthcare).  As for the health issues that is a slightly different topic, ciggarettes and alcholo already require a certain age to buy them as they are unhealthy, drugs are just outright illegal. The government doesn't force people to be more healthy but it does spend resources to encourage people to do so (ad campaigns for 5 peices of fruit a day, sponsoring kids sports and giving money to sports centres). It taxs tobacco intensively to discourage people from smoking (and in a way to provide some aditonal money to treat them amoung other things), I see no problem with this.  Lawsuits are really just the same as they are anywhere else (but there is less of a lawsuit culture here), you don;t sue the government, you sue the doctor or the hospital. The government doesn't have to pick up the bill, it is just paid for out of the hospital's budget as it would be anyway.  Statistics always end up showing that it is the poorer section of society that always 'spends' the most on healthcare, in a health insurance system these are the people who can least afford the treatments they are more likely to need.  Your second paragraph proves my point! Currently a doctor and patient make the medical decisions. If the government controls health care, the doctor's and the patient's decisions could be over-ruled because of government guidelines.  Another thing..... Who decides how much health care is enough or too much?
Oopps... My question should have read: If the gov. controls the health care system, who (then) decides how much health care is enough?  Today one can pay for additional services, but wouldn't it be "unfair" under a universal health care system to treat people differently based on ability to pay? That is what many national health care advocates complain about now! This issue seems to be part of the class warfare argument. To be "fair" I think the gov. would not allow government doctors and hospitals to free-lance their services for profit, and wealthy patients would have no choice but to accept gov. care.  p.s. I like your polite debate style!
Everyone's covered... but a massive cost to overall quality.  I posted something about the Canadian system somewhere in these forums sometime ago... worth a read.
If the government pays for it you are 100% guranteed better by going through the private sector.  It'd take a hundred billion dollars or two each each for the government to come in... that's a lot in new taxes. And that's just the government covering people who aren't covered...
I think that that would only grow the cost of the system and lower general health.  The main problem here is administration and law suits. A huge amount of healthcare cost in the US is administrative, which can be fixed by practices taking advantage of technology. It would only take a few years to gain back the cost of doing that.  Law suits are driving up the cost of insurance which is driving up the cost of health insurance. These people are getting 50 and 100 million dollar settlements... it's absurd. Thousands and thousands of doctors have simply stopped practicing now.
we're the only industrialized nation in the world that does not have national healthcare, and 44 million americans do not have insurance. this is inexcusable for the richest country in the world.  We do, but it happens to be reserved for those who are retired or below a minimum asset/income level that's easily achieved by inability, laziness or any decent trust lawyer.
A large percentage of those people I'm sure qualify for some program in their state or locality that they don't even know exists.  If people would just look around... but they don't.
NHS is a good theory and well intended. However, that is the problem. It's a good theory. Help those who can't afford it and give them the proper medical services they deserve. However, it's flawed by human nature to have doctors skimming off the top, low quality, malpractices, and the tax hikes would be insane.  This is my little rant about America though. We bring most of our medical problems on ourselves, as the old saying goes: "you are what you eat". We have tons of alcoholics, smokers, and McDonalds lovers. I don't think I really need to spit out statistics saying how bad these things are and the effects it has on the body. Plus many Americans don't have proper hygeine and never get the proper amount of sleep. These factors can all cause one to fall prey to illnesses.   Don't get me wrong though, I understand there is a 9-5 single mom busting her XXX for her three kids who are all under the age of 5 because some dead beat father up and left. I feel sympathy for that person in such a situation, but it's also not fair for people to take up the burden of others misfortunes.   So in short NHS is just not going to work.   Tigerlilly, you are right about Socialism being Communism's evil sister though. :)
Would you support National Health Care Plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/national_health_care HTM Have a Central-government, bent on merely increasing its bureacratic-failures, steal more of our honestly-earned moneys??  I think not.  Annie
Hey im from Canada and our national Health care is a crock! First off, waiting lines are massive, technology is lacking, quality is lacking, we are losing doctors to the USA because you guys pay them what they deserve, and because of that we are losing family doctors fast.   Canadians Pride themselves on this government funded program because it's all they know. The liberals have imbedded into the Canadian public that it is the Canadian way to support Public Health care, and that private; even a two tier system is the devil. Why do they do this? because Health care cost roughly 15% of Canada's GDP Canada's highest expense next to the national debt.   Even though it's accessible to everyone, what good is it really if it sucks?  Personally right now I Favour a Two Tier system, where people get what they pay for, and can shop around for the best coverage and services, and or those you desperately need it who can't afford to have a cast for their own child or something like that, then the government helps them. But im strongly open to a Purely Private system, I just need someone to explain to me how it would work.   I just have one question. What kind of a system does America really have? Is it Two Tier or strictly Private? And how exactly does it work?
health care is so messed up I don't even know where to begin. The fact that we eat Krispy Kreme doughnuts for breakfast (something I am guilty of right now), McDonalds for lunch, and Pizza Hut for dinner AND THEN whine when the government doesn't pay for our heart medicine amazes me. I don't mind having a government run program (two tier as you call it) but maybe we should have requirements in order to be in it...such as "you must attend a gym" or "maintain a body weight so you can fit in a normal sized chair".
O for sure, that's why I always look to Privatization.   Im wondering about those that can't afford it at all and who have children that need it.   You'd have to be strict on the abusers
Would it make more sense to simply reform the health care industry in such a way that more people could afford their own health care insurance?  What if we could make changes to the way hospitals, insurance companies, and pharmacuticals did business and actually lower the cost of health care instead of just dumping money into another system that the government is screwing up?  http://www.healthtransformation.net/home/  This link is a center started by Newt Gingrich that addresses issues within the health care industry that need to be changed. The changes he proposes would actually drive down the cost of health care and prescription drugs. It would allow millions of uninsured to afford their own coverage and it would decrease the burden of the federal budget.
U.S. health care is the best in the world and could be made even better and more attainable if regulation and taxation were reduced allowing more competition. Communist health care if anything is the worst in the world just look at the former U.S.S.R. and Cuba today. Many of the Socialist nations in Europe also have very poor health care systems and the Doctors are underpaid and the best Doctors usually leave the country to get the pay they deserve in a free society. I was in Germany a month ago and while I was there Doctors were striking against the government for the lack of pay increase. This does not happen in the U.S. unless of course it is run by big brother.
Er.. Cuba has a more effective healthcare system than the US, for $250/captia/year, it achieves lower infant mortality rates and similar life expectancy rates, and has the added bonus of covering everyone in the country, not just those who can afford it.  The UK has a national healthcare system, everyone is covered and while there are some problems, it costs about half what the US system does. I fail to see how a starting salary for a GP around the GBP60k mark is underpaying them. I'm not aware of any great exodus of British doctors, or indeed any influx of doctors from other European nations. Some from poorer countries, yes, and a fair few from Australia and New Zealand (hardly socialist utopias).  Once again your analysis of the situation igonres the key facts. I can't believe you just wrote that Cuba has a good health care system. You truly are lost in liberal haze like Michael Moore. Any rational person will tell you Cuba has a horrible health care system I mean just look at the pictures. http://wheels128.blogspot.com/2005/03/cubas-horrible-not-free-healthcare.html  It surprises me that you put so much trust in a Monopolized country like Cuba.  I agree that the U.S. health care system has its faults mainly on it inability to cover everyone but if everyone were covered in a free market system it would be the best and that's why I advocate a libertarian approach on the subject. Deregulation is the key along with other reforms. Just look at Singapore http://72.14.203.104/search?q=cache:VVjteyny7UEJ:www.watsonwyatt.com/europe/pubs/healthcare/render2.asp%3FID%3D13850+singapore+health+care&hl=en&gl=us&ct=clnk&cd=6.   Hong Kong is also coming along but it has a ways to go especially since it is under Chinese influence.
So, you go from rubbishing cubas healthcare system despite the stats that can be obtained from the CIA website, and then use THE SAME STATS (life expectancy) to praise Singapore. Cuba does amazing things in healthcare despite having little or no money with which to do it. Finding a few pictures of dirty areas in one hospital (I bet I could find pictures as bad in one hospital in any country in the world, if I spent long enough looking). Cuba spends less than a 10th per capita than the US does, and achieves roughly the same results. Tell me that's not an efficient healthcare system.  www.medicc.org tells the positive side of Cuban healthcare. I had a friend from Cuba read your quote and he started laughing hysterically. He said one of the key points he was agianst National Health care was because of his fear of the Cuban run system. Here he even wants to respond...  Ask the Cubans -and I mean, not the Cuban government- how wonderful is their health care system and then you will know. It is simply in ruins. I used to live in one of the best neighborhoods in Havana and last time I had kidney stones there (1996) it was horrifying the shape in which the place I ended up in was. Really third-world-for-the-poor stuff. That in one of the best places in the island. I have to regularly send to my family such luxury items as Advil, band-aid, cream for my mom's dental prosthesis, etc. And they are in good shape compared to the majority of the population. I could go on and on with much worse things. Now the Health Care system for foreigners and the nomenklatura, that really works very well, thank you very much. At this point in time, those who praise Castro's "universal" health care do so out of sheer ignorance or ideological denial, or more likely, both of them.  Your statistics are probably based off of tourist health care especially since Fidel wouldn't want us Capitalists know the truth of the real situation.   This site does quite well in exposing the liberal myths. http://72.14.203.104/search?q=cache:00CBt1tv9akJ:www.canf.org/Issues/medicalapartheid.htm+cuban+health+care+myths&hl=en&gl=us&ct=clnk&cd=3 It was created by Cuban Immigrants  Cuba is known for exporting Doctors but they are also known for never getting them back. Over 4,000 exported Cuban Doctors have run off. http://72.14.203.104/search?q=cache:G8n2mNHCbBQJ:markinmexico.blogspot.com/2006/08/cuba-reuters-extolls-castros-exporting.html+cuba+importing+doctors&hl=en&gl=us&ct=clnk&cd=1  Here is another good site showing Cubas propaganda machine and how protests have erupted over it in Venezuela http://www.babalublog.com/archives/002267.html  I feel sorry on your stances but hopefully you brainwashed Europeans come around.
Anytime the government gets involved in things other than their constitutional mandates (National defence and interstate commerce), then we run into problems of inefficiency and corruption.
Well let's see. Perhaps it is because the recipients have a much higher deductable, no prescription coverage, and layer after layer of beaurocracy.
Hey im from Canada and our national Health care is a crock! First off, waiting lines are massive, technology is lacking, quality is lacking, we are losing doctors to the USA because you guys pay them what they deserve, and because of that we are losing family doctors fast.   Canadians Pride themselves on this government funded program because it's all they know. The liberals have imbedded into the Canadian public that it is the Canadian way to support Public Health care, and that private; even a two tier system is the devil. Why do they do this? because Health care cost roughly 15% of Canada's GDP Canada's highest expense next to the national debt.   Even though it's accessible to everyone, what good is it really if it sucks?  Personally right now I Favour a Two Tier system, where people get what they pay for, and can shop around for the best coverage and services, and or those you desperately need it who can't afford to have a cast for their own child or something like that, then the government helps them. But im strongly open to a Purely Private system, I just need someone to explain to me how it would work.   I just have one question. What kind of a system does America really have? Is it Two Tier or strictly Private? And how exactly does it work?  Totally agree. If you can't afford it you should be able to get it, but if you can afford it, you should be able to choose what you want to get and where you want to spend your money.
its easier said than done. If you pay for your citizens health does this mean the taxpayers can dictate what you do and do not have to do regarding your health? As a taxpayer I'd rather not pay for a bypass surgery because bob over here decided 3 Big Macs a day was a good idea.
Why not? It's not like Bob will suddenly start eating the big macs because he can get the surgery paid for. Doctors dictate what healthcare is appropriate.  People would certainly care less and even if they didn't, should we be allowed to restrict healthcare to those who abuse the system? I think the idea of a hybrid system might be possible solution but certainly would need careful planning.
I really don't blame the immigrants. I blame the dumb American electorate that keeps giving away the money. LEGAL immigrants come across the border on a 3-day pass, go to a hospital, get treated and then go back to Mexico without paying. By law many hospitals have to provide the care. What can be done?  http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/1212bordermedicine-ON.html  BROWNSVILLE, Texas - Border hospitals lose millions of dollars annually caring for sick or injured illegal immigrants but a $1 billion federal aide package promises relief.   "The federal government finally realized that there is a huge burden placed on the border hospitals to pay for the cost of the illegal aliens," said Dr. Lorenzo Pelly, a trauma surgeon at Valley Regional Medical Center. "It's a national issue because it is the federal government that has to stop the flow of the illegal aliens and they cannot do it."   A study by the U.S.-Mexico Border Counties Coalition, an American lobbying group, last year found that U.S. border hospitals provide at least $200 million a year in uncompensated emergency care to illegal immigrants, $74 million of that in Texas.... 
Another reason I'll vote for Kerry.  why, so he can allow you to buy a plan from blue cross? cant you do that now?  and where is the money going to come from for the low income famleys to get on this plan?
[QUOTE=kickin50]Has anybody else absorbed what GWB is saying when he talks about his "Health Care Plan"?  From GWB's website:  How does it help it tell low-income/unemployed/minimum wage workers to save their money?   Saving money is a good way for people to be self sufficient, and less dependent on government. Freedom is not always pretty.    Repeat of what I just said. Now, speaking of big government. The government gives money, although not near enough money, to every employee of a small business.  Seems like you criticize him for allowing the government to "give" something, then criticize because it's not enough.    Yeah! Just don't go to the doctor so much - because their is no insurance for office visits.   An excellent idea, don't buy something if you can't afford it. There are plenty of workers who like a break in the routine by sitting in a doctors office instead of doing their job. An easy choice when someone else pays for it.        Speaking of states rights - insurance is STATE regulated. Anybody want to get into a states rights debate on this one?   Why sure, state REGULATION, and states RIGHTS are opposites!! emoticon_rolleyes When states are permitted to compete with each other, they (and the people therein) have more rights!!   I don't really see any changes here - at least not for the good. We already have this system - pre-tax payroll deductions that can be used for deductibles. GWB just wants to expand it BIG TIME and give employers an out when they offer lousy or no coverage. GWB's entire plan to reduce costs - don't sue anybody. And GWB's best advice to the poor - save your money.  We already have this system? There's only one other system - complete takeover by government.
From www.georgewbush.com This is nothing but a government giveaway of dynamic proportions. It's not only going to low-income uninsured - it's going to people who are currently employed and actually HAVE insurance. How much money are we talking here? What's comes after TTTTTrillions. Gazillions?   So you think Bush's plan will involve increased government of dynamic proportions, and Kerry's plan will not? And you ask if I'M watching the news? :)    So what's the deal when GWB "gives" $3,000 but the insurance premiums cost $6,000, the family can't make up the difference and the $3,000 goes unspent. All we've accomplished is to transfer $ out of the U.S. Treasury. You think it's a good idea to just give money away and not get anything for it? You're thinking of the Clinton years when there was a surplus.  There was no surplus during the Clinton years. They played a nice numbers game concerning projected rates of growth during prosperous economic times to fool people into thinking that. The national debt was never paid off. Clinton inherited prosperous economic times from previous administrations, ignored increasing terrorism prosperity, and economically devestating environmental regulations by his EPA administrator weren't yet in place, as they are now.  STATES license insurance companies to operate in their little piece of the world. Have you seen the news lately? Newest scandal - insurance companies. Shall we put that under the feds too?   Insurance companies have been one of the biggest corruptors of government at all levels for decades, it's nothing new. The term "states rights" means that states should be able to make as decisions independent of federal government mandates, unless the federal government is authorized by the constitution. It doesn't mean that states have a right to isolate themselves from allowing their people to conduct business with other states.   But let's talk about a good system. Big government giveaways stink.  The Kerry suggestion is to allow people to spend their own money in a very large group policy through private companies. What's wrong with that? If you've got a better idea, I'm listening.  I've heard Bush say exactly the same thing. You're going over Bush's numbers pretty carefully - have you checked Kerry's numbers? You seem to trust him without question.   You say big government givaways stink, and you favor Kerry over Bush. Have you heard Kerry say "health care for ALL Americans"? Have you ever heard Bush say that? If you favor small domestic government, I hope you'll at least check some of Kerry's numbers and details, and consistency. You have 17 more days. :)
I heard a roundtable with healthcare professionals and they are quite aware of the dilemma of profiting when people are in poor health (not surprising, just re-stating the dilemma I guess). A free market economy works wonders for responding to supply and demand and getting things to be cheaper. A pure free market healthcare system, however, simply promotes poor health. It MUST not pursue prevention. What business leader with ANY sense would spend take a little money now if it prevented her from getting the huge $100K bankroll from heart surgery down the line? None. They are in conflict, and it's exactly why it IS a dilemma for all of us.  The wonders we afford ourselves in our mostly free-market economy are not possible without the stability and direction we pursue collectively through our government. Part of that stability, IMO, is taking care of ourselves. Do we not all want to promote and support good health?  -Mach  More health care money goes for wasted doctor visits than anything else. The human body heals itself, it's not like a car that needs it's oil changed. Good health is a LIFESTYLE, not doctor visits. Health care professional don't profit when a person in poor health simply dies before they are able to do that heart surgury for them. Health care professionals love to do check-ups and tests. "Hey the tests all came up negative - you're fine - that'll be 4 grand, but not to worry, your insurance will pay for it!!!!  They say in America you can be whatever you want to be, but you'd better be born with a silver spoon if you want to be a doctor, given all the hoops you have to jump through to be "approved". The numbers of doctors is regulated by our corrupt government to keep prices up. If that regulation were relaxed some, and everyone had to pay for doctor visits and other small medical expenses themselves, the free market would do wonders for our healthcare woes.
Does GWB actually think that an entire family can buy health insurance and pay high deductibles on $3000? Translation: the government will tell the citizens what kind of bank account they need to get to save up for their own health costs -- then pay it yourself. We constantly hear that a major reason for the increase in health care costs is the cost of the uninsured. How does it help it tell low-income/unemployed/minimum wage workers to save their money? Once again, businesses will love this. Don't offer health insurance to employees - they're self insured. Or they can get it themselves through their church!?!?  Maybe you are having trouble with the concept of "low premium, high deductible". That means the monthly payments (premiums) are low, and the deductible is higher (cost you actually pay for services). This shouldn't be a problem. How often do you actually use your health insurance? I use mine very rarely (not at all in the last year). It appears that what Bush is trying to do is get insurance coverage to low income folks without a multi trillion dollar price tag (like kerrys plan carries). This isn't a bad thing, and I am not even a bush supporter.   Repeat of what I just said. Now, speaking of big government. The government gives money, although not near enough money, to every employee of a small business.  Having trouble understanding whether you want the government to give money away or not.   Yeah! Just don't go to the doctor so much - because their is no insurance for office visits.  Not sure where you get the "no insurance for office visits" thing. I would imagine that with high deductible health care, you would probably not want to runn off to the doctor every time you have a runny nose.    Faith based insurance now.  Huh?
What happens the first time these people need to use their new low premium/high deductible insurance and they can't pay the high deductible? People who don't need any medical care aren't straining the system now, it's the ones that do and can't pay for it. Both of these candidates are proposing plans they can't pay for. The bottom line is, the only way poor people get insured is for everyone else to reach in their pockets and make up the difference. Basically, what we're doing now, only a little more orderly. There's no treasure chest full of "extra" money out there that's going to change anything unless we dramatically reduce healthcare costs or collect more money in premiums.  When/if the time comes that they need medical care and cannot pay the deductible, the hospital will bill them for it, sue them, garnish their wages, etc... just like they do now with people who don't pay.   I would agree that both of the canidates plans pretty much suck, and what we need is an overhaul of our medical system as opposed to simply coming up with creative ways to insure the uninsured.   Personally, I like bushes idea when it comes to allowing (or requiring insurance companies to allow) churches and other groups to set up group coverage plans and enroll members. Since we are NOT going to see an overhaul of the medical system (lets be realistic), I think that this is a viable alternative. I do disagree witht he whole tax rebate scheme that both canidates have suggested for health care. We simply don't have the money, and I for one am not willing to see my taxes go up in order to insure the unisnsured.   Actually, no I'm not having trouble with that concept. That could be a wise choice in certain situations. I'm having trouble with GWB making that choice FOR EVERYONE.  He is not making that choice for everyone. He is suggesting it as an alternative for those who are unable to get/afford insurance on their own. While there are certainly questions about having poor people on a high deductible plan, it is still better than having no insurance at all.   I'll just ask you to read GWB's plan. It's in my first post. It's also at www.georgewbush.com. It's only 6 paragraphs long. But it's a 6 paragraph bomb. Paragraph 5 is where he suggests we buy health insurance through our churches. Wonder if he's checked with the churches on this? Boy were they surprised.   Paragraph 5 does not suggest that we buy health insurance from our church. It simply suggests that our church or charitable institutions should have the option of offering health care for its members. We have a huge number of charitable organisations in this country whcih controll billions of dollars. At one time, charity was not a government mandated function. For years, charity was voluntary and the churches in this country kind of led the way when it came to looking after the poor. Now, the govertnment has taken over such functions, and the price tag on them has gone from large (but voluntary) to huge and involuntary. Instead of being administered at a local level by a dozen volunteers working fro free, our big charity programs are nationwide, administered by a massive beuracracy, and eat up 80% of the funds allocated to them in administration costs (leaving only 20% to actually help those who need it).  What bush is suggesting here is that we give these charitable organisations an opportunity to flex their muscles and help out some folks who don't have health insurance or whose insurance though their employer is so poor that it is cheaper to go another route.   GWB's idea is all encompassing. It's not limited to low income. He verbally phrases it in a way to allow people to hear what they want to hear. You heard help for poor people and thought that sounded good. That's politics for 'ya. Actually, he suggests passing out seed money in Health Savings Accounts to the entire population and subsidizing insurance costs that are currently paid by small businesses. Although, I don't see why big businesses couldn't get in on this too.  No, it is not limited to low income. It also encomapses small business and the self insured as well. It basically tries to cover everybody who does not have insurance now, or who is paying terribly high premiums. There is no "passing out seed money in Health Savings Accounts to the entire population". The two groups he is sugessting handing out seed money too are low income (though I would suggest they use their "earned income tax credit" for this) and small businesses.   I own a small business, and every year I negotiate a new health care plan for my employees. I do the best I can for our folks, spend the time shopping around, etc.... but we still end up paying nearly 3 times what boeing does for their insurance. I pay for 95% of the cost of employee insurance and 75% of the cost of dependant coverage. A guy who lives up the road from me works for a construction company which pays 80% of the cost for insuring the employee, but pays none of the cost of insuring dependants. His family is not insured (wife, kids, etc...) because they simply cannot afford the high premiums. These are the kind of folks who would benifit from HSA seed money. I know of no other small business besides mine which pays such a large chunk of the eployees dependants health care coverage. Frankly, it is a problem.  If he actually mnaged to push through the Associated health plans for small businesses, that wold be a huge step in the right direction. Frankly, it seems unlikely that it si going to happen, since the insurance industry has such a strong lobby, and as we know, our politicians are nothing but special interest whores.  Neither canidate actually has a really good plan when it comes to health care. Bushs has some obvious flaws, as does Kerrys plan (Kerry actually DOES want to start out by handing out free money to everybody in the country).  I think that when you look at the two plans side by side, the bush paln is the better one.   You seem unhappy with the idea with bushes ideas in regard to tax rebates for small business ($500 per family, $200 per individual). Lets take a look atr what kerry is proposing for small business:  Tax Credits to Make Coverage More Affordable. Refundable tax credits for up to 50 percent of the cost of coverage will be offered to small businesses and their employees to make health care more affordable. In addition, the premium rebate pool for certain high cost health cases will help reduce costs for everybody. This protection is especially crucial for small businesses, as they have traditionally fared worse in the marketplace from an inability to sufficiently spread risk. The premium rebate pool and access to the Congressional Health Plan will save small businesses approximately 15 percent in health care costs on top of the tax credit - so health care will be two-thirds cheaper for small business employees than it is today.    Refundable tax credits for up to 50% of coverage cost? That is a LOT more than $500/family or $200/individual per year. In addition, you see him talknig abou the "premium rebate pool". this is a kerry concept where a pool of money is created (though he never says where this money comes from, we all know it is a new tax) to help pay premiums. He also advocates opening up the Congressional Health plan to everybody, effectively creating a government run health insurance company for private citizens. Personally, I don't want the government to own my health insurance company. The govvernment screwing everything has become a cliche, I don;t wnat them screwing up my health insurance.   I don't think either of these guys has a workable plan, but Bushes is certainly cheaper, which I think is important, since we can't really afford either plan.   What I like abotu Bushes plan is that even if you take away the part that costs taxpayers (the tax rebates and such), you still have a workable plan. Merely by allowing small businesses to band together when negotiating for health insurance, or allowing churches and other charitable organisations to provide a plan if they desire, I think that a significant portion of the uninsured could obtain affordable insurance coverage. Can you even imagine the kind of negotiating power the catholic church would have at the table if they decided that they werew going to offer insurance coverage to their memebers? they would be able to write their own policy and insurace companies would still compete for the account.  With kerrys plan, if you take away the parts that are going to cost the taxpayers money that they can't afford to spend, there is no plan. His entire mentality in all of this seems to be "we will just have th government pay for it". Kind of makes you wonder iuf he understands where the governments money comes from....
I'll just quickly point you to an organization called C.O.S.E. (Council of Smaller Enterprises) in Cleveland, Ohio. It's exactly what you're hoping for. Last year I investigated buying insurance through them. It was the most expensive/worst coverage available. I was better off buying as an individual from BC/BS.  Can't really comment on cose, except to say that according to their web page, they offer Kaisers standard plan and HMO health ohios standard plan, and after doing a little googling it looks like they are offering it for roughly 60% less than the standard individual rate.  If you are in ohio and qualify, you might take another look. There are several pages on the internet which talk specifically about COSE, and all are complimetary. Here are a couple:  http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/0,4621,289264,00.html http://www.inc.com/magazine/19910501/4582.html http://www.inc.com/magazine/19960601/1696.html  Unfortunatly, regulations in my state make such programs difficult or even impossible.
Social Securtiy, Taxes, Medicare Plan to put forth  Here's a plan to consider with others regarding Social Security and Taxes and Medicare. Pass this around conduct roundtable discussions on the impact for each.  Medicare is bankrupt. Health expenses are normally above and over what "average" american workers can pay.   Social Security is a lie. Its a lie because it is the largest Ponzi Pyramid Scheme ever devised in history. There are no accounts per person. Its a Pyramid Plan.  Now here's a plan to fully fund both above by just changing the Tax structure.   When the news does their nightly shows and they all state that the unemployment rate is running about 4 to 5 % what does that mean?  Of a country with 280 Million plus people does it mean that only 5% of those people are not working? Does it mean that 266 Million people are working and only 14 million are not?  No it doesn't. What it means is that only 5% of the people who are considered workers are unemployed. So what are the true numbers?   It means that only half of the country are currently employed working citizens. Which is more representative of 140 million. And of that 140 million only 5% are currently unemployed.   So what does this mean for Taxes? It means that payroll tax withholdings are being withheld from only half the country. So only half of the US citizens are contributing to the overall wealth of the country.   So why aren't all the citizens of the country actively contributing? Well, this is a Free country. People here are not forced to work. People work for careers, homes, businesses etc. But there are millions of others who do not work and do not contribute to the tax structure. Stay at home mothers who do not work pay no taxes themselves. Individuals who can live free with other family members do not have to pay taxes. There are millions of individuals who are granted trust funds and heirships from their respective families. As such if they have money in the bank they are not required to go get a job and have taxes withheld. There are millions of students both US born and from other countries here now who are not paying into taxes. There are millions of tourists here every year on vacations and business who do not contribute to the tax structure.   So as such half of the country is directly funding the tax structure and the other half is not.   If Taxes collected by the IRS with payroll withholdings were abolished and the National Fair Tax by fairtax.org were implemented every single person in the country would be directly contributing.   All people in this country whether they have a current job or not need to purchase daily needed items. They all need food. They all need some kind of transportation of some kind. They all need clothes. They all need personal hygiene products, like toothpaste, etc.   With the Fair Tax structure the tax collection base would go immediately from 140 million to the true 280 million plus. Including tourists and others from overseas. Yes even those people who live elsewhere just by purchasing anything in America would now contribute to the overall tax collection base.   With the Fair Tax plan all workers would take their entire gross paycheck to the bank. Of which they would all save it, spend it, or donate it. All of this would feed directly into the economy.  The Fair Tax plan is based on a 23% national sales tax. Their plan also encompasses ways to fund social securtiy and medicare.   Another idea with their plan could be to reduce the national sales tax to 17% which is in direct alingment with all those who endorse a Flat Tax.   This tax funding is now on a daily basis by people purchasing items they need. 280 million plus people now purchasing things every day.   The tax collection structure would now double. The US Treasury would double in revenue collected.   If people are not having taxes withheld from their paychecks any longer it would be the same effect of all having an extra weeks wages added onto their monthly pay now. Do the numbers and you will see.   So it will be like giving everyone in America an immediate Raise without increasing any prices of services, goods, or merchandise. They just keep their own money.   Remember our country is fueled by the Economy.   Of the 3 parts that are currently withtheld from peoples pay right now they are the following. Taxes, of which is the largest part. Then social security which is a small withholding weekly. And FICA which is medicare which is also a small withholding weekly.   If there is no withholding of Federal or State taxes everyone will be happy when they go to the bank.   So let the people keep their tax money which will be collected by everyone going to the malls and stores etc.   Then double in size the withholding of Social Security and Medicare. This will still be a small amount withheld from everyones paychecks.   Of myself I have about $140 to $180 in taxes withheld each pay period. My social security and FICA medicare is roughly about say $14 to $28 withheld each pay period. So if my social security and medicare is increased without me having taxes withheld it will be like taking a good earned raise to the bank.   Once the social security and medicare is doubled do this to fully fund both and get this country away from the Ponzi Pyramid Scheme that both are now.  Now start a solid 20 year plan.   Give all Current Social Security Recipients a 10% increase across the board. Everyone collecting social security gets a 10% increase immediately.   With a mandate that there will also be an additional 1% increase across the board for recipients for the next 20 years.   Then have 5% of everyones Social Security they are paying or collecting to be rolled into Private Accounts which will turn higher margins of return and they own. By owning them, on the day of their death that money in those private accounts goes to their next of kin, or benificiary.   So all recipients get a 10% increase. But 5% is automaticlly enrolled into Private Accounts. So they still collect a 5% increase across the board.   Everyone paying into social security right now pays Twice, Double, what they are currently paying. This would be easy if taxes were collected another way.   With everyone paying double into social security, automaticlly enroll all payors to have 5% of their paying amount fed directly into private accounts of which they own. No politician can touch or draw from those accounts.   That is year One.   Year Two.  Working population, 10% is fed into private accounts of which they own.  Recipients, the same 5% plus this years 1% incease. 6% into private accounts.  Year Three.   Working population, 15% is fed into private accounts of which they own.  Recipients, 6% plus this years 1% increase. 7% into private accounts.  Year Four.  Working population, 20% is fed into private accounts of which they own. Recipients, 7% plus this years 1% increase. 8% into private accounts.   Year Five.   Working population, 25% is fed into private accounts of which they own. Recipients, 8% plus this years 1% increase. 9% into private accounts.   And follow this same model for 20 consecutive years. After 20 years, all the current recipients, if they are still functioning on their own capacity, will still collect like the old model but they will also have private accounts which will be earning more. And these accounts on the day of their death they can will to their children, grandchildren, spouses, or any proper beneficiary.   After 20 years of all current workers paying into this model the entire social security structure can move away from the Ponzi Pyramid Scheme which it is. Everyone would have private accounts which would earn more returns. Their money would be in the bank and not a hope and promise to maybe be delivered.   This can be begun overnight by just doing away with the current IRS tax withholding and going with a modified Fair Tax national sales tax structure.   The Fairtax.org model allows for businesses to do away with hidden taxes which they all pass on to the consumers. So a lot of prices for goods and merchandise could be lowered. A senate oversight commission could monitor and detail to the public consumers those companies who eliminate their hidden taxes in favor of lower prices and those who keep them as profit.   With the entire country and tourists and students from overseas contributing to the tax structure the above model can work.   It would also allow for basic minimum level accounts as is to be created for those individuals whoever and whereever they may be who do not or cannot work to have at least the very basic social security private accounts also.   This same exact model can be applied to medicare. Create Medical Savings Accounts for Retired and Working citizens using the same model. Medical Savings Accounts which each person owns like a bank account but to be used for medical expenses. And they can also will these accounts to their heirs or beneficiaries.   Take this and talk about all the benefits. Find a way to make it work properly.  also http://geocities.com/lobofoxer
I must admit that I really haven't followed this controversey but this looks like something to keep an eye on for future reference. If any Canadians want to expand on this I'd be interested.  "Canada is the only nation other than Cuba and North Korea that bans private health insurance" ================================= Unsocialized Medicine A landmark ruling exposes Canada's health-care inequity.  Monday, June 13, 2005 12:01 a.m. EDT  Let's hope Hillary Clinton and Ted Kennedy were sitting down when they heard the news of the latest bombshell Supreme Court ruling. From the Supreme Court of Canada, that is. That high court issued an opinion last Thursday saying, in effect, that Canada's vaunted public health-care system produces intolerable inequality.  Call it the hip that changed health-care history. When George Zeliotis of Quebec was told in 1997 that he would have to wait a year for a replacement for his painful, arthritic hip, he did what every Canadian who's been put on a waiting list does: He got mad. He got even madder when he learned it was against the law to pay for a replacement privately. But instead of heading south to a hospital in Boston or Cleveland, as many Canadians already do, he teamed up to file a lawsuit with Jacques Chaoulli, a Montreal doctor. The duo lost in two provincial courts before their win last week.  The court's decision strikes down a Quebec law banning private medical insurance and is bound to upend similar laws in other provinces. Canada is the only nation other than Cuba and North Korea that bans private health insurance, according to Sally Pipes, head of the Pacific Research Institute in San Francisco and author of a recent book on Canada's health-care system.  "Access to a waiting list is not access to health care," wrote Chief Justice Beverly McLachlin for the 4-3 Court last week. Canadians wait an average of 17.9 weeks for surgery and other therapeutic treatments, according the Vancouver-based Fraser Institute. The waits would be even longer if Canadians didn't have access to the U.S. as a medical-care safety valve. Or, in the case of fortunate elites such as Prime Minister Paul Martin, if they didn't have access to a small private market in some non-core medical services. Mr. Martin's use of a private clinic for his annual checkup set off a political firestorm last year.  The ruling stops short of declaring the national health-care system unconstitutional; only three of the seven judges wanted to go all the way.  But it does say in effect: Deliver better care or permit the development of a private system. "The prohibition on obtaining private health insurance might be constitutional in circumstances where health-care services are reasonable as to both quality and timeliness," the ruling reads, but it "is not constitutional where the public system fails to deliver reasonable services." The Justices who sit on Canada's Supreme Court, by the way, aren't a bunch of Scalias of the North. This is the same court that last year unanimously declared gay marriage constitutional.  The Canadian ruling ought to be an eye-opener for the U.S., where "single-payer," government-run health care is still a holy grail on the political left and even for some in business (such as the automakers). This month the California Senate passed a bill that would create a state-run system of single-payer universal health care. The Assembly is expected to follow suit. Someone should make sure the Canadian Supreme Court's ruling is on Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's reading list before he makes a veto decision.  The larger lesson here is that health care isn't immune from the laws of economics. Politicians can't wave a wand and provide equal coverage for all merely by declaring medical care to be a "right," in the word that is currently popular on the American left.  There are only two ways to allocate any good or service: through prices, as is done in a market economy, or lines dictated by government, as in Canada's system. The socialist claim is that a single-payer system is more equal than one based on prices, but last week's court decision reveals that as an illusion. Or, to put it another way, Canadian health care is equal only in its shared scarcity.  When asked whether he was worried about being known as the man who helped bring down his country's universal health-care system, Mr. Zeliotis told the Toronto Star, "No way. I'm the guy saving it." If the Canadian ruling can open American eyes to the limitations of government-run health care, Mr. Zeliotis's hip just might end up saving the U.S. system too.  http://www.opinionjournal.com/editorial/feature.html?id=110006813
Universal health care in Canada is great if you don't mind waiting 6 months for a critical surgery..........
I'm going to make an exception to my "no post" position. I'm not going to respond to any snide remarks, so don't waste your time. ====================================  On the subject of hip replacements, be very careful; be extremely careful. The fatality rate for hip operations is extremely high in the elderly; about 33% as I recall. I know of one man, only 48 years old, who was injured in an auto accident (actually rather minor) that broke his hip. He wound up with a staph infection that eventually took his life and he was bedridden for much of the rest of his life. He took an overdose of medication because of the extreme pain.   I'd get about a dozen second opinions and then I'd get the best surgeon to be found anywhere and a hospital with a sterling reputation before I would even consider such surgery. Knees are different, but hips are wading into dangerous water.  My $0.02 and I'm outta here.
What are you counting as critical? Stats?  Heart bypass, prostate cancer.......I have a couple of Canadian friends who needed those surgeries and one was told he had a 4 month wait and the other a 6 month wait so they both came down to Bellingham Wash and had the Surgery within 2 weeks............
As I said before, classification and stats, not examples and vague anecdotal evidence.  That is all I have is what my friends told me.......sorry if you don't believe it but if you live in Canada just don't get serious illness or you will find out first hand..........
I want stats because the same allegations are made about the UK NHS on the basis of one or two incidents that do not reflect the wider reality, but are used by the right as a stick to beat public healthcare, as if without public healthcare everyone would get treated instantly.  I don't know anything about the UK.......This thread is about Canada and I am telling you what my 2 friends that were ill told me.........  As I said just don't get a serious illness in Canada and theie universal health care will probably work fine.......
Well there illnesses and what they told me about Canadian health care is good enough for me........................  Don't you find it odd that no one that lives in Canada is denying anything i said?
No-ones supporting you either, so that argument doesn't work...  The many people who have to come to the U.S. are..............It does not even affect you..............
Do you have statistics for this, or is this more of your unsupportable BS  Just what my 2 friends from Canada told me about their experience.........
Canadians who can afford to skip the waiting line to go and recieve treatment for the (normally non life threatening illness's) have gone to the US for treatment. Not all and not many but some.  The Canadian health care system is not perfect, but it covers everyone and is overall cheaper then the US system and spends less on administration then the US system.  Overall the French system seems to be about the best.  One problem Canada does not have is supporting a huge military industrial establishment.........Since they under the umbrella of the U.S. when it comes to defense they only have to maintain a second rate military so they are able to put more money into their health sustem.............  My friends tell me that the backlog is huge to see a doctor for both routine and emergency procedures.............They could be disgruntled because of their own experience with it though.........
Public healthcare tends to have problems when right wingers refuse to actually tax the wealthy the amount required to fund it. You get what you pay for in this regard. Increased public spending in the UK has started to provide significant increases in service, though it is taking time to make up for underinvestment.  Yeah, lets tax those rich greedy jerks!!! I mean really, why be equal when you want something for free right??? SCREW FREEDOM I WANT MY HEALTHCARE!!!
I heard an interview with John Shadegg today, and this plan made a lot of sense, so thought I would see what you all think of it. Buy low cost insurance from another State provider.  New York requires every insurance policy sold there to cover podiatry. Acupuncture coverage is mandated in 11 states, massage therapy in four, osteopathy in 24, and chiropractors in 47. There are an estimated 1,800 or so such insurance "mandates" across the country, and the costs add up. "It is always the providers asking for the mandate; it is never the consumer," says health policy guru John Goodman, who has testified before legislatures considering such rules.   What's more, states like New Jersey and New York add two more ultra-expensive requirements: "Guaranteed issue" allows people to wait till they are sick and then buy insurance; "community rating" prevents insurers from charging different prices to people of different ages and health status. These may sound like compassionate ideas, until you realize they make insurance so expensive that millions of people are exposed to financial ruin because they aren't allowed to buy basic policies focused on catastrophic costs.   How expensive? A 2004 study by eHealthInsurance.com found that a typical insurance policy ($2,000 deductible, 20% co-insurance) for a family of four could be had for as little in as $172 per month in a reasonably regulated locality like Kansas City, Missouri. But in New York that family's only option -- managed care -- would run $840 per month, and in New Jersey family policies run a whopping $1,200-plus. We bet Democratic Representative Frank Pallone's constituents in New Jersey would be interested in his view that insurance in his state is only "slightly" more expensive than elsewhere. Source
Looks like a great idea to me. Just reading his proposal should help make it clear to just about anyone why health care costs continue to rise. State's meddling isn't the only reason for increased costs, but they seem to be one significant reason.   I don't have much hope for his proposal though. I wonder what his re-election chances will be after insurance companies and health "providers" fund his opponent.
This is a serious problem that government caused, not the greedy capitalist pigs they would like us to believe. I can't imagine an insurance company would agree to coverage of a person who found out he had cancer yesterday and applied for insurance today. They had mandates forcing this on them. Anyone who buys insurance has to make up the loss. There has to be another way to solve the problem.
This is a serious problem that government caused, not the greedy capitalist pigs they would like us to believe. I can't imagine an insurance company would agree to coverage of a person who found out he had cancer yesterday and applied for insurance today. They had mandates forcing this on them. Anyone who buys insurance has to make up the loss. There has to be another way to solve the problem.  I can't imagine it either, but if I had to pick one type of business most capable of turning a government mandate into a profit, insurance companies would get my vote.   I'm afraid that too many people subconsiously think that conflicts between opposites like health providers (or trial lawyers) vs. insurance companies result in victory for the general public. Shandag's comments show that they both can have common interests (State mandates) that result in wins for both of them and a loss for the general public.
This is a serious problem that government caused, not the greedy capitalist pigs they would like us to believe. I can't imagine an insurance company would agree to coverage of a person who found out he had cancer yesterday and applied for insurance today. They had mandates forcing this on them. Anyone who buys insurance has to make up the loss. There has to be another way to solve the problem. It's called a healthy lifestyle and periodic maintenance. We shouldn't wait until we're sick to go to the doctor. You might say that this would run up health care costs, but really only in a society that does this halfway (which is what we'd have if not everyone was into maintaining their health).  Preventative health care and healthy living are the key (it's all part of personal responsibility).  Living an unhealthy lifestyle and then spending the last 20-30 years of your life paying for it (or insurance companies paying for it) in and out of the hospital is not the way to lower health care costs.
Oregon may become the first US state with universal health care, available to all Oregon residents.  Poor Oregon. At least the country will see it fail in Oregon, thus discouraging universal healthcare nationwide. So when people talk about "how are you going to pay for it", it is a bit misleading. You misunderstood, I believe. How is the GOVERNMENT going to pay for it? And what about jobs that include healthcare plans?  As things stand now, those decisions are made on the basis of ability to pay, which is the cruelest form of rationing that could ever exist If somebody is dying and has little chance of survival, chances are under universal healthcare they will not be treated and thus left to die. Priorities of who to treat will have to be set. Under private healthcare, the individual can choose to pay for treatment if they can afford it. I would rather have some people attempt to save lives if they can afford it, no matter how serious. It would be better to have that than to have all people with little chance of survival told they wont be helped.  If you can't afford a surgery, you can at least try to get money or even borrow or ask for help. But under universal healthcare, if the chances of survival are not high enough, it doesn't matter what you think, the government is in control.  I have been told that women have the right to control their bodies, not the government. Why is it that now government can control healthcare and choose who will get treatment or not? If I am sick, and have little chance of survival, I would still want to at least TRY. My grandfather was told he wouldn't survive, but his cancer treatment helped him live 3 more years before dying. And boy did we pay for it. I cherished those three years, and I would have given anything to ensure he was kept alive as long as possible. If he had been in a universal healthcare system, he would have been told there was too little chance at surviving. People need to be told they may still live, not that they should just give up.
You are erecting a strawman. How so? By stating a consequence of nationalized healthcare? How is Oregon going to pay for this? Does anybody know?  The only time the courts get involved in when doctors and representatives of the patient disagree, as in the cases of terminally ill babies. The government should NEVER get involved in how we act upon our health. It is the individual's right to choose what they think is best. Who should control the health of an ill baby? The parents or the government?
Your "consequence" is a strawman. No...it isn't. The consequences of something do not become strawmen... Here is an article that talks about the consequences (so called strawmen emoticon_rolleyes) of universal healthcare http://www.heartland.org/policybot/results/15034/Canadian_Health_Care_Is_No_Model_for_US.html
"If somebody is dying and has little chance of survival, chances are under universal healthcare they will not be treated and thus left to die."  Your claim that some patient groups would be allowed to die as a consequence of the introduction of Universal Healthcare is untrue, and attacking UH through this untrue assertion is classic use of strawman tactics. A straw man argument is a fallacy based on misrepresentation of an opponent's position, not based on inaccuracies of an argument. Even if my argument were false, that would not make it a strawman argument. Here is an example of an actual strawman argument: Bill and Jill are arguing about cleaning out their closets:  Jill: "We should clean out the closets. They are getting a bit messy."  Bill: "Why, we just went through those closets last year. Do we have to clean them out everyday?"  Jill: "I never said anything about cleaning them out every day. You just want too keep all your junk forever, which is just ridiculous." That is the strawman argument. Jill never said that they should clean the closet everyday. Here is a site explaining the fallacy of a straw man. Fallacy: Straw Man
No, it's a strawman. Your response to the proposal of universal healthcare is to claim that it will result in all manner of unsavoury results, i.e. you misrepresent the position of those in favour of universal healthcare as being in favour of those outcomes. You are creating a strawman, a target that is false but is easy to beat. No, its NOT a strawman. This is quite laughable really. When somebody proposes something, are you not supposed to state a possible negative outcome? I never said you supported people dying because they don't have as much of a chance. You truly do not understand the nature of the straw man fallacy if you believe that by stating an argument against universal healthcare it becomes a strawman.  Ironically, that post right there is a strawman. You distorted my argument and attacked that distortion. I never said people in support of universal healthcare supported the negative outcomes of it...
Hillary and Company will tell you that 47 million in the United States are without health insurance. What they don't want to tell you is that 10 million of those are illegal aliens; 17 million of the remaining 37 million make more than 50 thousand dollars a year; half of those un-insured making over 50 thousand a year make over 75 thousand a year.  ...and she's evidently got some plan to force 10 million illegal aliens to purchase health insurance...in order to get a job.
It sure would be nice if you could provide documentation to support these absurd accusations.  Do you have anything to back any of that up, or are you just quoting someone else again without giving any credit?  The whole "citing your sources" thing isn't just about avoid plagarism you know. It's so that when someone lies to you, and you fall for it and pass the lie on, others can check up on what you're presenting and find the actual facts. (Yes, I'm assuming that you're passing on a lie. History does repeat itself after all.)Try the U.S. Census records. I didn't actually look in the census records personally, but...  ...these people did it for me.  http://www.businessandmedia.org/printer/2007/20070718153509.aspx  Perhaps you will label that a biased site. Then, please feel free to go to the U.S. Census records and find out for yourself that the lies are coming from Hillary and Company.  ...and this Socialist now wants to give $5000 to every baby born in America. I wonder whose vote she's pandering for now.  The woman is a time bomb.
And you believed every word they fed you without a second thought. At least now we know whose line you're peddling. Please, cite your sources to start with in the future. It's not just a good idea, it's the rules. emoticon_xagreeActually, I had heard it several times on radio talk shows that normally do research before making claims. I then read it on several sites that cited the U.S. Census Records as their source. Since the radio shows and the websites all credited the U.S.Census, I perceived that they could not have made it up...since they all matched within acceptable tolerances. It does seem reasonable to you that such information could be gleaned from the census data...does it not?  Will you agree that what they say is true?
Try this:  http://www.census.gov/prod/2007pubs/p60-233.pdf  Go to Table 6, page 29, look in the first column of numbers (representing thousands of uninsured people) and scroll down to:  Nativity:  Not a citizen (includes legal aliens and known illegal aliens only...there's likely more)...9,396  (That's 9.396 million)     Income: 50k to 74,999.....7,826 (That's 7.826 milliion)  75K and up.....7,886 (That's 7.886 million)   While these don't match exactly the 10 and 17 million I claimed in the OP, they're close enough to get the point. Even if dropped to 9 and 15, it's still 24 million less than Hillary and Company claim...making their 47 million lose weight down to 23.
I have friends paying well over $1000/mo to insure themselves and their families. How far do you think $50,000/yr goes? Especially in big city America. And how does one complain about undocumented residents using our medical system in one breath and in the next complain about a plan to have them pony up?:xbangheadI have friends making substantially less than $50K/yr and they manage to buy a home, transportation, nice clothes and their own medical insurance...and still donate to charities.  I'm betting there are some people who can afford insurance but choose not to buy it. There may be some in the census numbers for those making over $75K who make enough that they don't really need insurance. (Were I a billionaire, I might insure myself, too.)  I'm betting Hillary's plan to mandate the purchase of insurance includes government subsidies for those who can't afford it. Government subsidies = government control.  I see several avenues here for digressing to other topics, such as illegal immigration, the Fair Tax, poverty level and such. I'm not so much against illegal aliens abusing our healthcare and give-away programs as I am against their being here in the first place. Fix that problem and many millions will disappear from Hillary's list. Install the Fair Tax and I'll relax on the call to send the illegals packing.  My point is that Hillary and Company are using grossly inflated figures to argue for socialized medicine...and with a dumb electorate, that method works quite well. It's just plainly dishonest.
Where I live this would be impossible.Yes...California is a brand new game. All the gold in California is in a bank in the middle of Beverly Hills...in somebody else's name.  Maybe we should raise the poverty level in California.
Ok, let's look at Clinton's claim now that Jim has supplied real data for us.   She said "It's really indefensible that we now have more than 45 million uninsured Americans"If that is a true quote, she lied. Not-a-citizen = not-an-American.  She didn't mention that some people choose not to buy insurance.  She could have generated some sympathy for the poor who can't afford insurance by extracting all but those living below the line. (What is it now...$20K or so for a family of four?)  Her plan is to mandate that all people be forced to buy insurance. I think I do not want the government to make me buy a damn thing.  What will she do with the Christian Scientists who don't believe in medicine? Is she going to make them buy medical insurance? Is she going to give them an out? Is she going to give anyone else an out? What if I just say that I don't want any insurance?  Hillary's plan is to nationalize everything...as long as she and her Socialist cronies can govern.
...   You own a car or a truck? You have the government mandated insurance for it?  Tada!!  I don't have to own a truck or car. I can walk, take taxis, trains, bum rides from friends. I only have to have a licence and insurance if I plan to use a vehicle on government roads. I can own a farm, have a truck that never leaves the farm and pay no mind to the licence requirement.  Her plan is that all people must buy health insurance whether they need it or not.   And now cue the paranoia. I have to ask this. Everything you've posted recently about Clinton, that I've seen, has been based on distortions and lies. So far, it's based on her statements (that contain at least one lie).   I've got to guess that most if not all of your anti-Clinton info is the same. My question is this: Have you ever considered that if so much of your info is bogus, then perhaps Clinton might not be as bad as you think? I don't know that any of it is bogus. You certainly haven't shown that.   Rather then spreading lies because you think you're preventing some sort of danger, have you ever stopped and really thought about how real that danger actually is? Have you ever thought about how much you're being manipulated?Perhaps you haven't paid close attention to what Hillary says and does.  Are you denying that she is socialistic?
Personally, I think we NEED to be asking these questions, rather than just giving Clinton or any candidate an automatic benefit of the doubt. I agree, we need to know specifically what she'd do in cases of people who don't want to buy insurance for whatever reason. What about the Amish or Mennonite groups? What about others who just don't want to take from the govt's hand for whatever reason? This isn't being "paranoid", it's responsibly expecting candidates to be more specific and forthcoming. I don't care if it's Clinton or if it's George W. Bush, there's nothing paranoid about questioning and giving some skepticism toward what they want to do.
What you said: "I think I do not want the government to make me buy a damn thing." But the governement does make you buy something, and you seem to be ok with that. And the government makes you pay taxes, social security, all kinds of stuff. Face it, you're about 50 years too late if you really cared about the government having any say at all in how you spend your money. Since I've never heard peep one out of you over any of these things, I can't really believe that it's all that big a deal to you.Actually, I have the option of paying taxes or facing consequences. True, the government chooses what it will buy with the money we all contribute to the purse. The government is expected to buy us roads and bridges. Government takes labor which must be paid. Government of a superpower like the US requires a large military. In all cases, the government is spending from a pile of citizen's money and buying things that benefit the citizens. They are not requiring that each citizen buy a specific item in order to be a citizen. Hillary would require that each citizen buy a specific thing...health care insurance that they may not want or need.   Since all your info to date has been from liars who just want to slander Clinton I have to wonder how much you actually know about her actual plans. Care to share your data for this one? Is this based on a policy paper she wrote, or a right wing political hack job? That is, facts or lies? Your record to date rather suggests the later.Are you staggering in disbelief that Hillary actually has these plans? I don't know how Hillary's plans can be attributed to other people. She is the one who makes them and publishes them. Is it a lie that she said we have 47 million uninsured Americans? (Hint: No) Is it a lie that we have 47 million uninsured Americans? (Hint: Yes)  Have you not heard of her plan to force everyone to buy health insurance? Have you not heard of her plan to give every newborn American $5000? (Boy, this will get a lot of late term aliens to cross the border. Not only do they get to have an anchor baby in the US, they get an instant 5 grand.) With the latter, she's merely pandering to the welfare whores who have babies for profit.   No Jim, it's based on one statement provided for you by someone who, you yourself demonstrated, is willing to lie. Remeber, you showed that the numbers they gave were simply not true. Perhaps, just perhaps, they took that one sentence out of context! Perhaps her very next sentence went into the exceptions? Who knows? Certainly not you.No cigar. She and others have used the 47 million number without modification in their arguments for socialized medicine. The fact that both sides round up numbers is not astounding. (7.886 to 8 is not a ridiculous round-up) The fact that she and others claim the full number without extracting the ones that are NOT AMERICANS makes it a lie. The fact that they do not extract the ones actually capable of buying their own insurance points to their being deliberately misleading, but not necessarily lying.   Snopes did a great job of showing your last dig at Clinton to be bogus. You chose not to pay attention, but I can hardly be blamed for that. I can show you the truth, but I can't make you see it.It did nothing of the sort. It gave its opinion regarding the full text from which the words she spoke were quoted. It did not successfully argue that she is not exhibiting socialist values.   I don't even want to guess what you mean by that word, but I will say that whatever it is, it's almost certainly not true.Perhaps I should have used "a socialist" instead of "socialistic". It does fit better.  Human beings by their very biological nature are socialistic.Not quite. Humans are social animals, as are some other species. Governmental socialism is a far cry from just being social or charitable. I enjoy being a social person myself, but I abhore socialism.
No, I'm stating flat out that you are so desperate to believe any bad thing you hear about Clinton that you have no actual idea what her plans are. I'm quite sure that all you know, or want to know, are the distortions that you've been fed. Your tactic will not work here. While true that I have not read word for word, her plan, I have listened to and read many paragraphs about it.    And case in point. She quotes actual numbers, but because the one sentence fed to you does provide all the details you'd like, you label her a liar.She quoted the total number of people who have no insurance...not the total number of people who cannot afford insurance.   And another case in point. It thuroughly showed that the quotes were taken out of context or edited to skew what was said. If having read the full text, if you actually did, you choose not to see that obvious truth, that's your choice....and as I responded last time, it did not, even when acknowledging the snipping, make a case that she is not a socialist.  Ok, so do you have anything solid to back that up? I know Jim doesn't, but i'd like to hear what you have in the way of details. (bolding is mine.)  http://www.time.com/time/politics/article/0,8599,1662655,00.html Instead, Clinton's new plan achieves universal coverage by imposing an "individual mandate" - a requirement that those who do not get coverage from their employers go out and purchase it themselves - but also by offering tax breaks and other incentives to make that affordable. It would be financed in part by eliminating President Bush's tax cuts for wealthier Americans.  {the tax cuts were for all Americans, not just wealthy ones} .....  Ironically, although the Clinton plan looks very much like the one that Mitt Romney signed into law for Massachusetts when he was Governor of that state, the Republican candidate blasted it Monday as "bad medicine." As a presidential contender, he has distanced himself from the Massachusetts program, which is proving costlier and more difficult to implement than advertised. He also says that what works for an individual state may not work nationally. "A one-size-fits-all national health care system is bound to fail," Romney said in introducing his plan last month.     http://www.hillaryclinton.com/feature/healthcareplan/americanhealthchoicesplan.pdf This is a biased Hillary site continuing the claim that 47 million American are not insured. It paints the whole 47 million (and 10 million who fear they may lose their coverage) as being unable to buy insurance without government help.  Bull-on-E!     http://ezraklein.typepad.com/blog/2007/09/the-hillary-pla.html Clinton's plan is of the "individual mandate" variety, in which universal coverage is achieved by mandating that every American purchase health care. In order to ensure that that's both possible and affordable, the Clinton plan creates a few new coverage options, reform the insurance industry, limits coverage costs to a percentage of income, and washes your car.  The comments under this article are interesting, too.
The president's claim that this program was too expensive rings hollow in the face of the massive deficit spending resulting from a war in Iraq - now in its fifth year and costing between $6 billion and $9 billion each month to prosecute, according to the Congressional Budget Office. It is profoundly hypocritical to have government employees, who enjoy federally controlled health care, deny the same to their constituents on the grounds that it will lead us down a slippery socialist slope.   Non sequitor. Spending on one program does not justify spending on another. Hopefully you do not elect to max out your credit card because you are already paying thousands to a mortgage company. You could just as easily justify the war spending by pointing to the massive cost of welfare (367 Billion according to the 2007 budget.) Poor logic.  There are actually plenty of reasons to oppose this bill. The first big Duh is that it covers "children" up to the age of 25. The second big Duh is that you cannot pay for the program on the backs of tobacco users. Want another Duh? How 'bout the $83,000 income ceiling. Call me particular, but when you invoke poor children to gain support for a bill I sort of expect the bill to cover people who are poor and children. Go figure.   Here's a little background for ye on SCHIP. It was initially enacted by the Republican Congress in 1997. By definition, SCHIP was focused on those children whose parents couldn't afford to purchase insurance individually and whose employers did not provide a family health insurance benefit.  HOWEVER... Instead of re-authorizing SCHIP with a funding increase to include those children eligible under the original criteria, the Democratic majority in Congress proposed a broad expansion of SCHIP to include hundreds of thousands of adults as well as upper-income children already covered under private insurance. The price tag is more than double the current program-$35 billion for the expansion alone. In some states, families earning up to $83,000 a year would be eligible for this "low-income program."  Trent Lott offers the following observations:    How do Democrats plan to pay for this massive funding increase? By raising your taxes, of course, starting with a 61-cent-a-pack tobacco tax. Some contend that when you increase tobacco taxes, tobacco use drops. Common sense, often missing from Washington debates, says we can't have it both ways. If we tax people out of smoking, then we're taxing children off SCHIP.   According to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, a tobacco tax is "the most regressive" and will hit the poor and working class harder than most, the very people whose children SCHIP was intended to help.   Then there's the slight of hand: CBO says Democrats hide about $40 billion in unpaid costs in their expansion through budget gimmicks. After five years, Congress will be forced to raise taxes further or drop millions of children off the SCHIP rolls in 2013.   The problems aren't just limited to funding issues. This massive increase voids a sound rule requiring states to enroll 95% of eligible children in SCHIP before allowing adults on the program.   Identification regulations are also relaxed for legal and illegal immigrants to sign up for SCHIP.   SCHIP and Medicaid combined already cover the same number of Americans living at or below 200% of poverty. The problem isn't that SCHIP needs to reach more people. It needs to reach the right people.   The Republican alternative to the SCHIP reauthorization was simple and focused on children who otherwise would have no health insurance. Our alternative was an $8 billion a year, or 33%, increase in the current program. A 33% increase in a program as large as SCHIP is hardly anti-kid.   Our alternative would have prevented "crowd-out," where families drop their pre-existing, private insurance policies to sign up for an entitlement. Every dollar going to cover a middle-income adult is a dollar taken away from the very child SCHIP was intended to help.  To this, Democrats accuse Republicans of refusing to help children. That's the height of political demagogy. 
I'm not quite clear on the rest of your points so I will address this one. The "poor logic" is not mine. Your example does not quite lend itself to the principle I mentioned. It is more logical to assume that if we should choose to spend government money on the people who contributed to it, including those who already receive "government welfare", i.e. employees, armed services, et al. it would be reasonable.   Where is the logic or value in literally wasting that kind of OUR money attempting to prosecute a war without end? Where is OBL . . . . the one responsible for 9-11? After this amount of time and money Iraq is a fiscal dump! To continue this war rather than taking care of our own is wasteful, irresponsible and frankly stupid. ".....now in its fifth year and costing between $6 billion and $9 billion each month to prosecute, according to the Congressional Budget Office is beyond reason." (First thing you know this could add up to be real money.) $4,000 a second. As Dr. Phil asks, "What are you thinking?"   I guess it's all in where you place value on your fellow countrymen. Mine are different from yours.  It would appear that your values also include plagiarism because your post is a word for word copy of a column which ran in the Staunton, VA News Leader.   http://www.newsleader.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20071018/OPINION02/710180303/1014/OPINION  I am delighted that our values differ so markedly. I wonder though: You had no comment on the fact that the bill covers families making up to $83,000 dollars, and no problem with the fact that the bill considers 25 year old adults to be children. You were unclear on the questions concerning access by illegal aliens and had no response to the question of funding. All you offered was a non-sequitor concerning the War. So basically, your chief reason for supporting this bill is that since we are already wasting money in Iraq, why not waste some here???   I really can't make this any clearer. The cost/success/progress of the War is completely and utterly irrelevant to why this bill should or should not be approved.   So lets try this again shall we? Come out from behind your Cost-Of-War-Smokescreen and justify this bill. Explain why 25 year olds should be considered children. Explain how a family making $83,000/year cannot afford health care. Explain how a regressive tobacco tax will be sufficient to pay the insurance costs of these twenty-something toddlers.   I will check tomorrow's News Leader for your response.
Not only should he have vetoed this plan but Bush should look at other ways to cut back spending. This country can sustain what is spends now...why increase it more?
Simple everyone should be covered no matter the age. I support taxes upon all business to suppot the cost of health care. I also support legally forcing all companies based or trading stock with in the United States to do the majority of manufacture of their products within the United States.Based on your stances, what you want is akin to the old Soviet type communism, Matthew. I'll give you a little hint:   It doesn't work!
No they are still free to manufacture what they want they just need to do it here. They also need to be taxed to pay for the health care of people who work for them and the people who buy their products.You do that and you guarantee private sector business failure because the cost of the products will have to rise.  Why is it so hard for you, who claimes to be Christian, to support taking care of the sick, hungry, and the poor. Jesus was not a capitalist he was a socialist.The difference is that I help out of my willingness, not by government edict.
nonsense people will still have to buy things and there will still be a need to make things. No, Matthew, it's the simple law of profit and loss. When a business gets priced right out of the marketplace, it fails.        a selfish unchristian attitude.How? God didn't say that the government has an exclusive right to my wallet either.
And there will be others to take its place. I am so tired of the line of arguement that over taxation will drive business out of business. NonsenseReally? Then, according to your line of thinking, states like New York and Michigan, two of the highest taxed and most Liberal states in the country, should be drawing businesses by the boatload.        So then it is better to have people die on the streets to save your wallet? Strawman
Then he should end the war in Iraq.Probably the best argument to end the war is that we can't afford the war but even if we end the war we are still in debt. Only way to solve that problem is to lower benefits and raise taxes...the exact opposite of what anyone would want.
I notice that nobody has responded to Herr Mutz's claims that 25-year olds and people that make $ 83.000 are not poor children and therefore the program should not be expanded. I wonder why?  Furthermore, trying to "win" the argument by saying that Herr Mutz is a filthy neocon (when he's actually the opposite) is a testament on how weak the oppositions arguments really are.  And if you really have to go that way, just call him a Nazi and be done with it.  Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.   And to have the money for the program come out of the pockets of only a specific group of people is just despicable.  But I guess it's always easy to spend other peoples money.  Here's a newsflash for you guys: The US (both people and government) is BROKE. You have over $70 trillion worth entitlements floating around, no money to pay for them and you've just maxed out all your creditcards. Now is not a good time to add more entitlements to the list, no matter how "noble" your intentions are.
I notice that nobody has responded to Herr Mutz's claims that 25-year olds and people that make $ 83.000 are not poor children and therefore the program should not be expanded. I wonder why?  Furthermore, trying to "win" the argument by saying that Herr Mutz is a filthy neocon (when he's actually the opposite) is a testament on how weak the oppositions arguments really are.  And if you really have to go that way, just call him a Nazi and be done with it.  Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.  Out of curousity...what is the opposite of a Dirty Neocon? A Clean Paleolib?  Dirty Neocons would be a good name for a thrash metal band.
Can you explain these taxes that you say Michigan has that other satates don't?   According to Tax Foundation Data, Michigan ranks 14th in State and Local Tax burden with these taxes encompassing 11.2% of income. If you factor in Federal taxes, the citizens of Michigan fork over 31.9% of their income. This percentage ranks them 21st out of the 50 states and myriad territories.   The only reason Michigan doesn't rank higher on the list of highest taxed states is that the other Blue states are competing for the dubious honor. Of the top 14 taxed states, 12 are blue... What makes this even more extraordinary is that there were only 19 blue states to begin with, the vast proportion of which are the highest taxed in the union.
Can you explain these taxes that you say Michigan has that other satates don't?   According to Tax Foundation Data, Michigan ranks 14th in State and Local Tax burden with these taxes encompassing 11.2% of income. If you factor in Federal taxes, the citizens of Michigan fork over 31.9% of their income. This percentage ranks them 21st out of the 50 states and myriad territories.   The only reason Michigan doesn't rank higher on the list of highest taxed states is that the other Blue states are competing for the dubious honor. Of the top 14 taxed states, 12 are blue... What makes this even more extraordinary is that there were only 19 blue states to begin with, the vast proportion of which are the highest taxed in the union.Unfortunately, Mutzie, New York, with the Lamborghini of welfare programs, ranks numero uno in terms of overall taxation!
And yet, we have enough money to stay in a war that's costing us $4,000.00 a second. Well, spending money on wars is never a good thing, but just because that's bad, doesn't mean that spending it on other programs is good.  One of the reasons no one has responded to "Herr Mutz's" comment on the $83,000.00 is because it is factually incorrect as written here. The bill is written differently than offered by the talking heads, a hugh source of political knowledge here. I'm not knowledgeable enough about this subject to make any kind of judgement call on this one, but in general if someone writes something you think is factually incorrect, it's a good thing to call on them on their alledged BS instead of ignoring them.  gamehuis, according to your profile you live outside of the US. How does your insurance coverage work there? Here in Holland we used to have socialized medicine where our employers held back money from our paychecks. The employers then added a certain amount for each employee and then gave it to the government, who in turn gave it to the insurance companies. Employees were then able to choose from a list of insurance companies that their employers drafted. Unemployed people were only required to pay a token amount ($25-$50 per month) and got their insurance through a government insurance company. Health insurance was mandatory by law.  These days we have a semi socialized/corporate medicine system. All people are still required by law to have health insurance. The employers no longer hold back any money and the people can buy insurance directly from any number of health insurance companies. The government makes sure that no insurance company raises the prices too much and that all people that apply for insurance get it. Insurance companies are not allowed to refuse anyone on medical reasons. That means that even a person that has AIDS, cancer and the birdflu can get insurance for the exact same price as a fit and healthy person.  As a conservative I'm not too happy about any kind of socialized medicine. I think that a true free market can deliver any service better and cheaper than a government controlled market. But all things considered, when you have a system, any system, that makes sure that all the people have health insurance, one can't really complain.
That's because we have a group of cowards running the government today.What do you think most of the country would do if they raised taxes and lowered benefits including medicare and social security? They would kick out the president for one and probably a lot of congress. In the end, that is what it takes though.
I only pay 3.56% income tax I don't know where they came up with their data. Could you list these taxes you seem to think I am paying as a citizen of michigan. I pay 32.11% comes out of my gross 11.28% federal, 5.97% ss, 1.4% medicad, 3.56% state,4.9% insurance, 5.0% 401k combined out of my check. So if I just go with taxes it is a total of 22.21%, 18.65% federal and 3.56% state. I don't know what dark hole you are pulling your figures from.   Please post a detailed list these supposed taxes I am paying. Please include a detail list of taxes outside of income that the citizens of Michigan pay that the citizens in other states do not pay.  Hell, look it up for yourself:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/news/show/335.html  Tax Foundation data is more representative of tha actual tax burden faced by the States because the data provided by the Census Bureau does not incorporate local/property/sales taxes. You can get more data on your state here:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/research/topic/36.html  Yes, you may only pay 3.9% in INCOME tax, but you are quite forgetting property taxes, sales taxes, ad valorem taxes (where applicable). That doesn't even begin to address imbedded taxes (increased costs of products gleefully passed along to you by businesses to offset the cost of their own taxes.) If you rent, you pay an imbedded property tax. You don't think you landlord simply pays the tax without passing the cost on to you do you?   That is the basic problem with your desire to pay for the solution of the world's problems by taxing business. Businesses pay no taxes, CONSUMERS pay taxes. The tax at the heart of the SCHIP debate (increased tobacco tax) is at its heart the most regressive of taxes.   For your particular edification you could review the Michigan Tax burden since 1970:  http://www.taxfoundation.org/research/show/461.html  Remember, the data incorporates the averages of the State and local taxes. Your own particular local may vary. If your own town is below the average, by all means, lobby your town council to rectify the "problem". Your own tax burden may also be altered by adjusting investments, purchasing habits, etc. Curious that this is just the sort of thing you have accused the "evil rich" of doing.
If you think private is better than universal, sponsored by the government, the borders are open. ]C'mon over.   So you think that the gubment which could not respond to Katrina, could not find WMD, could not protect its citizens from lead-painted Chinese toys, could not guarantee food safety, cannot find Osama, wastes "$4,000 per second" on an unwinnable war and can not protect its borders is somehow going to fix healthcare?  By the way, we already have some socialized programs including law enforcement, state and government workers, etc. We also have social programs which we can afford i.e. social security, medicare.  Interesting that you tout Social Security as a gubment success. Have you by any chance compared your social security benefit to the benefit you would have derived from privately investing? If the gubment were to take your SS tax dollars and invest them even conservatively you would have a far higher standard of living. The social security my folks paid into now barely covers their property taxes and grocery costs. I suppose the answer would be to raise their taxes to increase their benefits?   Meanwhile the medicare trust fund will be out o' money by 2020. Think medicare is a success? Ask a physician who must deal with the paperwork and wait for reduced payment or the participant who must wait for services.   From the Social Security Administration's 2007 annual report: http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/TRSUM/trsummary.html  Each year the Trustees of the Social Security and Medicare trust funds report on the current and projected financial status of the two programs. This message summarizes our 2007 Annual Reports.  The financial condition of the Social Security and Medicare programs remains problematic; we believe their currently projected long run growth rates are not sustainable under current financing arrangements. Social Security's current annual surpluses of tax income over expenditures will soon begin to decline and then turn into rapidly growing deficits as the baby boom generation retires. Medicare's financial status is even worse. Medicare's Hospital Insurance (HI) Trust Fund is already expected to pay out more in hospital benefits this year than it receives in taxes and other dedicated revenues. The growing annual deficits in both programs are projected to exhaust HI reserves in 2019 and Social Security reserves in 2041. In addition, the Medicare Supplementary Medical Insurance (SMI) Trust Fund that pays for physician services and the new prescription drug benefit will continue to require general revenue financing and charges on beneficiaries that grow faster than the economy and beneficiary incomes over time.  The drawdown of Social Security and HI Trust Fund reserves and the general revenue transfers into SMI will place mounting pressure on the Federal budget. In fact, this pressure is already evident. For the first time, a "Medicare funding warning" is being triggered, signaling that non-dedicated sources of revenues-primarily general revenues- will soon account for more than 45 percent of Medicare's outlays. By law, this warning requires that the President propose, and the Congress consider, remedial action.   End quote And that is the Social Security Administration admitting the system is bust!  Your avatar would lead one to believe that ye are a Vietnam veteran. Why no mention of your VA benefits or efforts to secure them? Nevertheless, as a Vietnam era Veteran you should be nearing the age of medicare eligibility. Your medical insurance problems will be resolved on the backs of the younger generation as those baby boomers retire en masse. Fewer than 2.5 workers will be available to provide the tax moneys necessary to sustain the program. The solution: Cut benefits or increase taxes on those remaining tax payers.   BTW, only the neo-conservatives here are against all of us having some kind of decent, affordable coverage  I don't suppose you would suggest that neocons (or anyone else) are opposed to food, but I don't suppose you would suggest that anyone who does not support universal grocery subsidy is an evil neocon. What about shelter? Universal gubment sponsored housing! Only a neocon would question the cost!   Surely food and shelter are more fundamental needs than medical care. The problem is not that folks are opposed to others having these things. The problem is how to pay for these big society ideas without raising taxes to an onerous level. Americans already spend 1/3 of the year at work simply to satisfy their current tax burden. I doubt many of them would be excited to have to work until May or June to satisfy the tax man.
Isn't that part of the republican platform? Raise taxes on the middle, and reduce benefits?Your post shows why we could never do such a thing. It isn't about republican or democrat....they both are at fault and the solution will benefit no one in the short term and probably hurt the lower and middle class the most.   If the republicans raised taxes and reduced benefits then I'd actually like them.
Then you do not have a claim that Michigan is one of the highest tax states. I gave you the detail percentages from my paycheck. We have a 6% sales tax and dealing with the p&L's from the business I am in I know that there are no other taxes out there. So your overtaxation claim can not be upheld.  I guess that's my fault for not accepting your personal anecdote over the statistics provided by the Tax Foundation or the US Census Bureau. According to the former, Michiganders pay 11.2% in state and Local taxes, just slightly above the national average but high enough to place them at #14 out of 50 states. That sir is more than 36 other states, ergo Michigan IS one of the highest tax states.   Moreover, the US Census bureau ranks Michigan as #8 in total tax burden. The best data for Michigan appears in the per-capita tax rating in which Michigan is 18th with an average per capita tax burden of $2,324. Eighteenth is still well above the median. (http://www.census.gov) To be fair, Michigan ranks 3rd among states who impose a flat fee individual income tax structure. Yey Michigan! Too bad that is still higher than 36 other States.  So that is one non-partisan research group and one gubment agency against one personal anecdote.   But it's getting worse:  Michigan Raises Income Tax to 4.35%  http://www.freep.com/apps/pbcs.dll/artikkel?Dato=20071001&Kategori=NEWS06&Lopenr=710010329&Ref=AR&imw=Y  (truncated for your attention span)  A potentially chaotic, full government shutdown was averted at around 4 a.m. when the state Senate voted to expand the 6% sales tax to various services, the final major piece of a plan to erase a $1.75-billion deficit and balance a 2007-08 budget.  Three of 21 Republicans voted for the sales tax change, and only one of 17 Democrats opposed it.  The vote came three hours after the House and Senate voted to raise the 3.9% income tax rate to 4.35%, and approved controversial changes in school employee health insurance and pension benefits aimed at reducing state costs.  Late Sunday, the Democrat-controlled House passed a bill to raise the state income tax from 3.9% to 4.35% by a 57-52 vote with just two Republicans - Chris Ward of Brighton and Ed Gaffney of Grosse Pointe Farms - voting for it. Only three Democrats - Lisa Wojno of Warren, Martin Griffin of Jackson and Mike Simpson of Liberty Township near Jackson - voted against it.  The Tax Foundation says ye are over taxed, the Census Bureau says ye are over taxed and now the State Gubment just increased the percentage of the income tax and expanded the sales tax so that now you are paying tax on even MORE items!  Lets recap: One Non-Partisan agency, One Gubment Agency and one Michigan Newspaper vs Matthew's personal observation an observation which notably does not include property taxes (15th Nationally), alcohol or tobacco taxes (4th nationally), ad valorem taxex, etc. Significantly, your tax statement does not represent corporate tax collections (8th nationally) which is a key reflection of how attractive your State is to prospective employers. If you can't attract those evil corporations to your State, you cannot tax them to provide services to your citizens.   Where Michigan really gets hosed is the comparatively corporate friendly tax environment of neighboring Indiana. According to (sigh) statistics (sorry for the lack of personal anecdotes) on the scale of states with the most friendly Corporate Tax rates Michigan ranks 29th while Indiana ranks 12th.   Just damn.   If you have any real data this would be a good time to use it. In the meantime, I'll kick back in my red state and enjoy one of the lowest tax burdens in the Union.   PS: My car was built in Tennessee and I bought it 12 years ago so I haven't been helping much.
Interesting. Making value judgements seem not to be a part of your logic. Spending on war or on health care seem to be the same in your opinion here.  Not really. Let me simplify it for you: Spending on war is worse than spending on healthcare, BUT spending on anything is bad when you're BROKE(!).   Maybe you should have read back a littler earlier in the thread. I did!! No you didn't. You just said the equivalent of "I'm right and you're wrong" without backing it up with anything like a link to the bill or a direct copy/paste from it. Claims without proof are just opinions and we all know the saying about opinions.  I presume by what you wrote that having a conservative view trumps practicality. My wife and I pay $2,000 a month to Aetna for health care which cannot be bought elsewhere due to health reasons. Every other company will not insure us. Why? type II diabetes and high blood pressure. . .that's it! We still have a large deductible and co-payments for drugs. So, if you like free, truly free market, come on over. If you think private is better than universal, sponsored by the government, the borders are open. ]C'mon over. By the way, we already have some socialized programs including law enforcement, state and government workers, etc. We also have social programs which we can afford i.e. social security, medicare. BTW, only the neo-conservatives here are against all of us having some kind of decent, affordable coverage. Heath care here is a train wreck in many instances. If I didn't have (or could not afford) insurance, had a heart attack requiring surgery, my wife and I would be out on the streets. So, our choice is clear. . . .gamble or pay $2K a month. What would you do? I hate to be the one to tell you this, but the markets in the US are anything but free. What you have are government controlled markets. Or did you think that all those HMO's and pharmaceutical companies employ armies of lobbyists just for fun and without expecting something in return?  So basically you would trust the same guys (politicians, corporations, lobbyists) that created the current system that forces you to pay $2k a month to come up with a system that's better for you and worse for them?  There is no such thing as a free market anywhere on the planet. Governments everywhere have a say in anything and everything. They even go so far as to regulate vitamins so that the people don't have free access to them and are forced to go to the mega corporations for their needs.  Welcome to the wonderful world of corporatism (i.e. fascism).
I gave you real data with the percents from my paycheck. Unless you can list some tax that I pay that those in others states don't pay you have no case. Your claim is false, no matter what statistics you are using when put up against the reality or real data. The Michigan income tax is going to 4.35% however that is still lower then the 4.4% that it was in 1995.  The funny thing about statistics is that they are data. The statistics I have quoted reflect the total tax burden of the average citizen of Michigan. Your pay check does not constitute a sizable data pool and does not reflect all the taxes you pay. Your real data is not complete. Your figures do not include property taxes, sales taxes, gasoline taxes, tobacco taxes, telephone taxes, local taxes and imbedded taxes. It also does not reflect the payroll taxes paid by your EMPLOYER. Your employer does not pay this tax but merely subtracts it from your total compensation.   I have rather patiently provided you with real-world data I have provided citations and statistics from three separate sources which you have countered with a pay stub. Your pay stub does not negate the previously posted statistics which consistently place Michigan in the ranks of the highest taxed states. The US Census ranks Michigan in the top 20% of taxed states. Your paycheck cannot erase that.   If we take you at your word and assume your provided figures are correct (but adjust the income tax to the current flat-rate of 3.9%, your payroll deductions account for a total of 22.55% of your total income. Lets look at some of the taxes ye missed:   Property Taxes  Property Taxes per $1,000 of Personal Income: This measure. from the U.S. Census Bureau, is probably the best measure of the relative burden of taxes. In fiscal year 1990, Michigan ranked 10th among the 50 states with $47.09 in property taxes per $1,000 of personal income. The national (50-state) average was $35.62. Michigan's high burden also placed it second among the 12 Midwestern states. http://www.educationreport.org/article.aspx?ID=5802  The mathematician in ye will inform you that $47.09 out of every $1,000 = 4.79%. Even if you pay rent to a landlord you are absorbing this tax in increased rent.  22.55%+4.79% = 27.34%.  Sales Tax:  Here it gets a little tricky. The average Michigander (Michigoose?) pays $781 per year in sales tax. Given that the average per capita income in Michigan is $37,538 the average per capita sales tax expenditure equals 2.0% of the average per capita income.  22.55%+4.79%+2.0% = 29.34%  Gasoline:  Michigan's gasoline tax is a modest $.19875 per gallon. According to the US Department of Energy, the average American consumes 500 gallons of gasoline per year. This means that the average Michigander forks over just about $100 in gas taxes. Add the nearly $100 you pay in federal gasoline taxes and you have another .5% of tax. Factor in the additional costs for 6% sales tax (not factored in the above sales tax calculation) and you reach 0.75%  22.55% + 4.79% + 2.0% + 0.75% = 30.09%.   Tobacco Tax:  According to the Michigan Tobacco Settlement Filings, as of 2002 there were 2.4 Million smokers in Michigan. Taking the US Department of Health and Human Services data, we can conclude that these smokers consume an average of one pack per day. The Michigan Tobacco Tax (4th highest in the nation) stands at $2.00 per pack. Each day, smokers cough up $4.8 million in tobacco tax or $1,752,000,000 per year. Given the 2006 population of the State of Michigan, we can extrapolate the average per capita cost for the tobacco tax at $175.00.   22.55% + 4.79% + 2.0% + 0.75% + 0.4%= 30.49%. For a difference of , 7.94% or $2,980 per capita.  Well Matthew, it would appear that I discovered nearly $3,000 worth of taxes you didn't realize you were paying. I'm beginning to understand why you think people should pay more taxes to fund more socialist endeavors. Add in local and municipal taxes, user fees, ad valorem taxes, tolls, utility and telephone taxes, and your percentage will reach those put forth by the US Census Bureau and the Tax Foundation.  If you have real data from a reputable source please put it forward, or at least call me a bigoted neocon. Anything but please do not put your pay check forward as evidence. It makes you look ill-informed and makes this all too easy.
Are you saying that people in other states don't pay property taxes, sales tax, tabacco tax, or gas taxes?  No I am saying that they pay less property, sales, tobacco and gas taxes. How could Michigan rank 8th out of 50 if those other states didn't pay those taxes? In the case of property taxes, 40 States pay less. 46 States pay less tobacco tax. The average sales tax is 5% and Michigan's 6% sales tax exceeds that average. Overall, Michiganders pay more than the residents of 42 other states according to the US Census. But next year, the tax burden will rise and Michigan will likely pass up some of those blue states who currently bear a higher tax burden.
I, for one, am 100 percent behind universal health care.Perhaps you should interview a large group of people from a country that has such already.  You appear to be 100% behind socialism and a big government parent to provide your every need. Let's just put EVERYBODY on welfare.emoticon_rolleyes
Makes more sense than the system we have today that just continues to escalate out of sight for many. And if for whatever reason you lose your job, I hope you have lots of money set aside to pay your own way, bud, cause you're going to need it.  Funny you should mention it. I lost my job in July. I have been paying private insurance since. I pay $231/month for Blue Cross/Blue Shield for a family of three. It is less than the premium I paid when I was working.  Your results may vary...
http://www.freemarketcure.com/brainsurgery.php  Perhaps our Canadian posters can confirm or deny the truthfulness in this video. Are we in the US on our way toward the unavailability of medical care due to governmental control?
It couldn't be any clearer than that now, can it. Now consider the difference in population size and ask how an American Socialized Medicine program could hope to be any more efficient than Canada's.
isly,  Are we in the US on our way toward the unavailability of medical care due to governmental control?   Get serious, man.  We already have unavailability of medical care based on something far more cruel - ability to pay.  I have a dear friend who is not making enough in wages to be able to afford private medical insurance (Now there's an oxymoron. The only thing that gets healthy is these companies' bottom line.).  My friend needs a liver transplant. No, he's not Mickey Mantle who drank himself into this situation.  The hospital wants $150K up front to put his name on the waiting list.  Now there's a death sentence.  America as a country should be ashamed of things like this.  The sooner we have single payer health care financed through taxes, the better I will like it.I am serious. Governmental control of the medical industry will be catastrophic.  Why don't you have your friend move to Canada and try to get a transplant from within a single payer system such as you describe? Let me know how it turns out.  I am not in agreement with all practices maintained in our current health system....such as hospitals charging the uninsured many times higher prices than the insured are charged. This is a ridiculous practice. If your friend's hospital wants $150,000.00 from him, they'd likely bill an insured person something like $30,000.00 for similar services related to the transplant. I have heard that the bills are sometimes FIVE TIMES higher for the uninsured.   Socialized medicine is not going to solve the problem of the actual care being expensive. Under socialized medicine, the number of physicians will decrease as they are limited by the government and told who to treat, where they must work. The demand for services will increase and the supply of quality doctors will decrease. Fewer college students will go into medicine because their major incentive will have been removed. Many are in it for the money.  Likely, we will still have the problem that the rich get served first because there will be graft and corruption within the government employees that handle who gets what. The rich will simply have to grease the right palms. The poor will still be last in line.  The only benefit that socialized medicine will bring to this nation will be to those who love big government. Can you imagine how many more government employees we could have with a fully socialized health system? Who is going to pay these people? (Don't answer that...I know already.)  If the government demands that no physicians practice privately, we may develope an illegal underground system where the best medical care is available on the black market only.  I would rather have the government subsidize health insurance (with our tax monies) for those who cannot afford it rather than control the systems that treat them.   Then there are those who can afford health insurance but choose not to purchase it. Do we force them to buy it?
What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.I don't think I said they'd be paid badly.  ...and you say "this country" as if you're here in the USA. Are you in the UK or not?  I noticed you did not provide a link to your claim of doctors pay in the UK....so I looked it up. It is hard to conceive of an average being higher than any one of the samples and the highest paid in the UK appear to be 20 year veterans making GBP79,500 ..... updated 4/1/2008 (That's today and I doubt it's an April Fool joke.)   http://www.payscale.com/research/Uk/People_with_jobs_as_Physicians_%2f_Doctors/Salary  Do you have another source that justifies your exageration?emoticon_rolleyes   I do notice in the third bar chart down the page that UK Physicians IN PRIVATE PRACTICE make GBP100,000. It appears that the Government Doctors make a lot less (GBP42,500 for state and local...GBP54,000 for federal.)  Where is your back-up?
So, isly ilwott, how about for once since you started post, you give a viable alternative instead of needling people and complaining?   Why don't we have a competitive market for health insurance the same way we have for car and life insurance?
So, isly ilwott, how about for once since you started post, you give a viable alternative instead of needling people and complaining? So, obvious child, why don't you go play with the other children your age?    Why don't we have a competitive market for health insurance the same way we have for car and life insurance?We do have a competitive market for health insurance. That's why companies keep changing underwriters....somebody cheaper comes along with an offer.  This will cease in a government controlled system. The government will set all rates. The government will create one big insurance provider that may consist of several existing providers all charging the same regulated rates for coverage. The government will set rates for procedures, compensation for doctors and technicians, compensation for drug companies, compensation for test kits and all sorts of things related to medical care that are currently being driven by the free market, thereby making profits attainable to those in the business. Government control will wipe out the profits and destroy the incentive to perform. The medical industry will become a nightmare of forms, long lines, inefficient matriculation and a huge waste of taxpayer's money.  More importantly, the government will be choosing who gets treated and who does not...essentially choosing who dies.
So, obvious child, why don't you go play with the other children your age?  I do, it's called a bar. I'm not the only one annoyed with your 'behavior.'  We do have a competitive market for health insurance.  Not in the same way we do for car and life insurance. There doesn't exist anything similar to progressive's site which details each competitor, product and service.   That's why companies keep changing underwriters....somebody cheaper comes along with an offer.  But companies dictate who you can go with. Not individuals. Furthermore, the whole medical insurance agency is adding exponentially to the cost, rather then reducing the costs.   I'm not saying the government run is better, I actually believe it will be worse, but as you have stated, the current system is not acceptable, so how about you do what I asked you to do;  So, isly ilwott, how about for once since you started posting, you give a viable alternative instead of needling people and complaining?
It's a couple of years out of date now, but I don't think pay has gone down: http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/6157219.stm  When I said "this country" I was referring to the UK, median earnings are arounf the 25k mark, apologies for any ambiguity.That's strange. Your source claims that the average first year income for a GP is over 100K (in 2005). Mine says it is more like 26K for first year doctors (in 2008). Has it gone down or are we comparing two types of doctors here? Or are we comparing two sources, one of which is incorrect?  Mine differentiates between government and private practice doctors. Are you touting socialized medicine based on the salaries of private practice doctors instead of government doctors? Do both private and government doctors participate in the national system?   What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.
My aunt lives in Canada and she tells me the system is ok for "basic" health related problems. That means if you are going to need a transplant, etc it's just better to come to the states. I think socialized medical care might work for smaller countries, but for a country this size? I don't think it would be a viable solution. I think a tax incentive would be a better solution (like get insurance and we'll cut some of your taxes out) for the older folks and children I think medi-cal medicare is ok.
By PAUL KRUGMAN Published: April 11, 2008  Not long ago, a young Ohio woman named Trina Bachtel, who was having health problems while pregnant, tried to get help at a local clinic.  Unfortunately, she had previously sought care at the same clinic while uninsured and had a large unpaid balance. The clinic wouldn&#8217;t see her again unless she paid $100 per visit &#8212; which she didn&#8217;t have.  Eventually, she sought care at a hospital 30 miles away. By then, however, it was too late. Both she and the baby died.  You may think that this was an extreme case, but stories like this are common in America.  Back in 2006, The Wall Street Journal told another such story: that of a young woman named Monique White, who failed to get regular care for lupus because she lacked insurance. Then, one night, &#8220;as skin lesions spread over her body and her stomach swelled, she couldn&#8217;t sleep.&#8221;  The Journal&#8217;s report goes on: &#8220;Mama, please help me! Please take me to the E.R.,&#8221; she howled, according to her mother, Gail Deal. &#8220;O.K., let&#8217;s go,&#8221; Mrs. Deal recalls saying. &#8220;No, I can&#8217;t,&#8221; the daughter replied. &#8220;I don&#8217;t have insurance.&#8221;  She was rushed to the hospital the next day after suffering a seizure &#8212; and the hospital spared no expense on her treatment. But it all came too late; she was dead a few months later.  How can such things happen? &#8220;I mean, people have access to health care in America,&#8221; President Bush once declared. &#8220;After all, you just go to an emergency room.&#8221; Not quite.  First of all, visits to the emergency room are no substitute for regular care, which can identify and treat health problems before they get acute. And more than 40 percent of uninsured adults have no regular source of care.  Second, uninsured Americans often postpone medical care, even when they know they need it, because of expense.  Finally, while it&#8217;s true that hospitals will treat anyone who arrives in an emergency room with an acute problem &#8212; and it&#8217;s wonderful that they will &#8212; it&#8217;s also true that hospitals bill patients for emergency-room treatment. And fear of those bills often causes uninsured Americans to hesitate before seeking medical help, even in emergencies, as the Monique White story illustrates.  The end result is that the uninsured receive a lot less care than the insured. And sometimes this lack of care kills them. According to a recent estimate by the Urban Institute, the lack of health insurance leads to 27,000 preventable deaths in America each year.  But are they really preventable? Yes. Stories like those of Trina Bachtel and Monique White are common in America, but don&#8217;t happen in any other rich country &#8212; because every other advanced nation has some form of universal health insurance. We should, too.  All of which makes the media circus of a few days ago truly shameful.  Some readers may already have recognized the story of Trina Bachtel. While campaigning in Ohio, Hillary Clinton was told this story, and she took to repeating it, without naming the victim, on the campaign trail. She used it as an illustration of what&#8217;s wrong with American health care and why we need universal coverage.  Then The Washington Post identified Ms. Bachtel, the hospital where she died claimed that the story was false &#8212; and the news media went to town, accusing Mrs. Clinton of making stuff up. Instead of being a story about health care, it became a story about the candidate&#8217;s supposed problems with the truth.  In fact, Mrs. Clinton was accurately repeating the story as it was told to her &#8212; and it turns out that while some of the details were slightly off, the essentials of her story were correct. After all the fuss, The Washington Post eventually conceded that &#8220;Bachtel&#8217;s medical tragedy began with circumstances very close to the essence&#8221; of Mrs. Clinton&#8217;s account.  And even more important, Mrs. Clinton was making a valid point about the state of health care in this country. By PAUL KRUGMAN Published: April 11, 2008 Not long ago, a young Ohio woman named Trina Bachtel, who was having health problems while pregnant, tried to get help at a local clinic.  In other words, this was a disgraceful episode. It was particularly sad to see a number of Obama supporters (though not the Obama campaign itself) join enthusiastically in the catcalls against Mrs. Clinton&#8217;s good-faith effort to put a human face on the cruelty and injustice of the American health care system.  Look, I know that many progressives have their hearts set on seeing Barack Obama get the Democratic nomination. But politics is supposed to be about more than cheering your team and jeering the other side. It&#8217;s supposed to be about changing the country for the better.  And if being a progressive means anything, it means believing that we need universal health care, so that terrible stories like those of Monique White, Trina Bachtel and the thousands of other Americans who die each year from lack of insurance become a thing of the past.  http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/11/opinion/11krugman.html?_r=6&ref=opinion&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=slogin&oref=logi&oref=login  ------------------Still apologizing for Hillary, huh?  She is a basically dishonest person. When will you see the light? How can you earnestly support a basically dishonest person for President?  Additionally, a government run program for healthcare will fail just about as miserably as any other government run program can fail...take education for example...overpriced, overrated, underproducing...basically FAILING. We are graduating numbnuts nowadays in the guise of fairness. We are dumbing down the nation in the name of fairness. We are falling behind other nations in the name of fairness.  I am quite sure that with Hillary's plan for healthcare we will be reducing the quality and availability of good healthcare for the sake of fairness.   Antonia, you need to realize that Hillary is not the answer to our problems. She is nothing more than a political figure that will tell lie after lie after lie just to get in office and maintain control over the common folk. That's all she wants. Her theatrical appeals to mercy are not designed to help the real victims. They are designed to garner votes...for Hillary.  Barrack's healthcare plan is no better than hers. Both of them will fail.
Would you be support National Health Care Plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/national_health_care.HTM
The big problem is that most of that tax money neither goes towards the needs or the wants of the American people, and all the tax money is coming from the middle class. While the less than 5% wealthy doesn't pay any taxes after their tax returns. If we solved this problem then we would have more than enough money to pay for a free health care.  Check out my post under the taxation heading.  You might find it enlightening.  Waxy
An yet the US has the most expensive medical system, but not the healthiest populace. To me it seems like the US could benefit from a dual system with governmental support for preventive treatments and medicine... But I`m not sure how that system would work... It would also be possible to have mandatory healt insurances, payed through taxes, but competed for by private companies...
Yes, my family have had good response from our NHS and very good care. However, my Wife's Aunt who trained at Barts was extremely scathing of the standards of cleanliness as is a neighbour who is a former Ward Sister.  However, I have to say that I am very puzzled by the way the NHS is funding and how the Hospital Trusts are apparently running this huge deficiit.  It seems to me that the entire personnel of the gets paid whether they treat no patients at all or several million. This to me that in assessing costs of operations etc the salaries etc are a general overhead. Same goes for the buildings beds etc. The true overheads would be surely the use of materials and supplies.  I have a stong feeling that the whole method of accounting is merely moving figures around from one bucket to another on paper rather than in reality and that the whole system of accounting needs drastically looking at.  Can anyone explain how it works?
Totally agree. If you can't afford it you should be able to get it, but if you can afford it, you should be able to choose what you want to get and where you want to spend your money.  zachvac,   Could I ask you to clarify that statement.   Do you mean that you should not get Health Care if you can not afford it ? Or do you mean that you can only get Private Health Care if can not afford it ?
if you guys are willing to discuss a tangent...  why it is that ford and GM aren't supporting a NHC system that would take off billions in cost to them?
Is America's health care system the best in the world?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_us_health_care.HTM
yes it is, provided you can pay for it.
Have there ever been any comparative studies comparing national systems ?
Is Canadian healthcare a failure?  http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/rush_canadian_doctors.HTM
Falling, I got some information from some Canadians. Most of them didn't like the system and would rather see it gone. They said:  Canada is experiencing an even more severe shortage of doctors and nurses than most nations with a shortage. There is a huge waiting list for vital procedures.  Assorted colorful remarks about Chretien and his party...   And my French friend said in France it is first come, first served, which we all know isn't such a great idea.
Because they are afraid of change. People from Canada and France say no one there likes the leaders. I always ask why they get re-elected. They say it is because no one else is sure what the other party will do because they have no been in power for so long. I'd say Right parties in those countries are like the Green party here...viewpoints confused and the party generally not well known. (Party names are so bland in Canada and France...LIberal party, Conservative party, Right Party, Left Party.)  Now that's different. I would probably be for free healthcare at a certain income level if it cut off there. But that's different from the current plan--we'd need major changes.
By that I mean leadership change. The other parties haven't been in power for so long...   I said free healthcare is fine at a certain income cut off and with major changes from the Canadian/ French system.
Hmm... I would probably say $40,000-$30,000. $60,000 is way to high, on my opinion. I think it should be offered only to those who can't afford it. If you make $60,000 I would say you could afford it.
Hmm... I think we should stick with the income level instead of giving all government employees healthcare that they may not need.
I said the pay is bad and I couldn't deal with today's children. Inserting words at me again...   If they are so underpaid they don't need an exception... they'd already be at the right level, would they not?
I have just spent 2 years in Canada and the health care sucks. But the reason is trivial: money.  How many of you know the correct answer to the following question: Between Canada and the US, where does the government spend more on health care per capita?  If you think it is Canada, you are dead wrong. And of course the private spending in the US is much bigger.  The problem with the Canadian system is excessive cost control. This is because the politicians must keep taxes down - at any given election time, the majority of the voters are healthy.  While no one likes high taxes, the US experience shows that people also hate cost control in health care. That is why we have - through legislation and litigation - crippled the HMOs' ability to control costs and we once again have a double-digit inflation in health care costs.  But the truth is, the American 15% of GDP is probably closer to what an affluent society desires to spend on health care than Canada's 9%.
Should patients have the right to sue their health plan?   http://www.youdebate.com/DEBATES/suing_hmos.HTM
Are you for or against Chiropractic?
Originally posted by admin  Are you for or against Chiropractics?    I am against chiropractic because it is based on what the chiropractic world would want you to believe is a fact. They maintain that bodily disorders occur because of interference to the nervous system that is caused by spinal bones impinging the nerves when they become misaligned. This claim is presented as a fact and it has never been proven. In adition to that, most chiropractors reject the germ theory, and it has been proven.
It works... ask anyone who has done it.
It works? Sure it works, "sometimes."  Rubbing my back feels good and for that reason, it works. But if I told you that doing that would keep you healthy and you needed to do that on a regular basis for the rest of your life, for that benefit to be acquired, would you do it? Wouldn't you want to know if that were a truthful claim? As absurd as it may sound, and for that reason alone, you may forget you were evn told that. But just for curiosity sake, you said, "Has that been proven?" And when you ask them to provide the proof to support that claim and they cannot provide it, would you still believe it? Thats what the chiropractic profession wants the world to believe. That chiropractic care can correct the cause of disease. Which they say is a subluxation. Not germs, but subluxations.  :eek:
greenleif,  your generalizing. I had a chiropractor as a biology teacher.  And we studied micro, cellular, and genetic biology.  My teacher taught that chriopractic skills could be used to detect diseases not cure them.
Debater,  I would personally like very much to talk with that Biology teacher. As a former chiropractor myself, the comment you made regarding what he can do with chiropractic training or skills is something I would like to have him decribe to me. I am hopeful you are interested in the truth also, and if he can provide scientific verification that that can be accomplished, I will be the first one to step forth and offer my apologies.  If you would give me his name or contact him and give him the whereabouts of this site, so he can query me and let me know how he can accomplish these things, I would be most grateful.  Thanks for your input,  Greenleif
There are studies showing that spinal allignments have direct correlations to many health problems. My science teacher is a DC, and that was part of his doctoral thesis.
Again, I would like very much to talk with your science teacher.  What I would ask him, I can ask you, if that would be easier for you? Then you can ask him. "What studies is he referring to that show (referring to your original post regarding what your teacher said chiropractic could do) spinal alignments have direct correlations to health problems. I have never heard of any, let alone seen them. Iwould be most interested in seeing them. If you would like you can get his e-mail and post it here, and I will contact him or you can give him this web and he can contact me himself. Thanks "What studies is he referring to that show spinal alignments have direct correlations to health problems?
You could probably find a study on the web somewhere.
Broker,  Have you ever thought that there are things you could be told that are not true? That if they were not true and you believed they were, this could some day cause great suffering to you?  This is one human frailty that con men count on. People being niave. Either you do not care if what he said was true or he did not say that and you cannot produce a teacher who said that because there was no teacher who said that?  All I know is what you said. If what you said is what you were told and it really did happen, your post would be alot more credible. Right now it sounds more like you should have said nothing.  There is nothing on the internet that says what you say I can get from the internet. I will tell you why there isn't. If there was truth to these so called studies that provided scientific proof that spinal alignments have direct correlation to many health problems, the Chirpractors would be shouting it from the roof tops. If chiropractic was based on sound science, it would not be at odds with the scientific community. If it was true that the earth was flat as it was believed at one time, then those who believe it is round believe a lie? Which one is true and how do we know?
I don't produce anyone for anything on the Internet.
TKO!
greenleif check your pm box re this topic
please tell me again why, you went to chiropractic school for 4 years, graduated, became a chiropractor, most likely failed in practice, then come on this forum and not even explain chiropractic right. no wonder you failed in practice you didnt learn anything in school.
Chiropractors work by manipulating the spine...much like lawyers do. -Dad  Anyway, I have gone to a chiropractor many times, and it does work. The spine is like any other stack, sometimes the pieces can get out of line. Chiropractors can many times help to align the pieces, and provide some measure of relief from the pain associated with this condition. I never believed in chiropractors at all, until my jaw became dislocated while I was sleeping. Imagine waking up to intense pain, only being able to open your mouth about 1/3 of the normal distance, and when it does open, it opens diagonally. I went to my family physician, who gave me skeletal muscle relaxants, saying it was only a severe muscle spasm. After 1 day of being drugged out of my mind on Robaxin and Flexeril, I called him back. He recommended I see my dentist! My dentist told me to see my doctor when I called his office! Getting no place fast, I had my wife take me to the ER. After several sets of x-rays, it was determined that my jaw was dislocated. The ER physician that I saw doped me up, stood behind me, and put my head into a sleeper hold, popping my jaw back into place. I actually got a litle relief, but not a whole lot. 5 hours later, I awoke to the same pain, same symptoms as before. I got to thinking about something: What could make my jaw dislocate while I was asleep? I thought about this, and figured that something must have pulled it out of place (they don't just pop out for no reason). I went back to the ER, and after more x-rays, drugs, and sleeper holds, my jaw was back in place again. This time it lasted about until I was home. Dislocated again. I got to thinking about what the muscles attach to, starngely enough, one attachment is my jaw, the other is my spine. Hmmmm. I just decided that at this point I had nothing left to lose, so I called a local chiropractor. I went in, he felt around, said c2 and c3 were out of alignment, snapped my spine around, and popped my jaw back in place. I felt almost instant relief of most of my pain, and by the next day, I was 100% back to normal.   I don't say this to endorse chiropractors, or say that they are a cure all. I think some chiropractors do play on the fact that humans are in general suckers, and will try anything once they are desperate enough. As a medical professional, I know chiropractors cannot cure asthma, kidney stones, cancer, or heart disease like some of them claim they can. There is just no possible connection that can be made. But I do know that the spine can come out of alignment, and this can cause pain, numbness, and even nerve damage. Chiropractors can and do help cases like this. Take it for what you will, but anyone who just totally writes it off, does not understand much about anatomy and kinesiology.
please tell me again why, you went to chiropractic school for 4 years, graduated, became a chiropractor, most likely failed in practice, then come on this forum and not even explain chiropractic right. no wonder you failed in practice you didnt learn anything in school.   Before I answer your questions, please provide definition of chiropractic or provide what you believe is "right explanation of chiropractic." Otherwise please do not waste my time or others who come here. Your assumption are why you should not use them.
Idont know who you guys are listening to. I would never go to a Chiropractor for anything other than a back ailment.  I went to one because i played hockey for too long. I was in pain, now i am not. So my assertion is that ti works, better than the whack out drugs they give you at the doctors office.   If your going to a chiropractor to heal a kidney alment, or cancer, your pretty much a fool, no matter what they are telling you.  Also, by virtue of having back pain, then releiving that pain. It does make alot of other things work better. Kind of a Chakra thing, the pain only bottles up your inner energy
What did the chiropractor say was the reason for your pain. What did his examination uncover that showed him you needed his service? In short, what did he say was the cause of your pain?
eh, you talkin to me?  i just went because my back hurt, and all the doctor wanted to give me were pills people were offering me major coin for.  I couldnt take them because i like to keep a healthy diet that didnt work with the pills, i worked in construction, and the pill sdidnt fix anything anyway.  Si i went, the doctor took one look at my mangled bakc and said 'Oh My' you should have some here sooner, he was right.  I went there 5 times, then after 3 times, i started going to a massage place, i went their for a few months after the chiropractor and i havent had a problem since.  I can say, though, that although i wasnt suffering from other ailments, my general physce and health were tremendously improved by the good doctors methods.  If all people can say is that there is no proof it cures cancer. Thats hardly a knock, seeing as how it doesnt
I personally am glad you feel better. But in the world of ACCOUNTABILITY, if the cost of the service at the chiropractors was big bucks, and you hadn't been helped like so many are not, then the poor chiropractor would be unable to defend himself, for he has no defense and cannot verify that what he did was needed. But because no one is losing big bucks and thus it does not warrent the cost of an attorney, people like yourself who find it helpful have to wait till the next time or the time after that when it no longer helps and you will then need to go to a medical doctor, because he will be the only one who will be able to help. You see, you still do not know what was wrong with you? You do not know or do not seem to care why you were in pain. So its your body and your choice.
yeah i know  it was my vertabrae beinng disaligned from the pummeling i took. then the mscles titened up.  i found out far more than going to the medical doctor who just happy to take his cut of the BS medication he gave me that does nothing but get me hooked on meds.  I imagine if i went out a played hard like i used to i would be right back in the good docs office, as long as i take care of it i am fine.  nownmy bones are in place and my muscles are loosened up, i go for massage once a month as a prevent.
SodGom,  You have done nothing wrong. You have been used. The chiropractor you go to may also be a victum. A victum of what? Of believing a lie. He too may not realize the significance of telling people something he expects them to believe is true? He himself may not even know he cannot provide the evidence that needs to exist if it is true.  The long and short of the issue is this. They cannot provide the proof that supports their claim that spinal bones, when they misalign cause what they say it causes and when they are presented with the opportunity to do so, rather than admit this to be true, they maintain it is true. Now those who do this are engaged in what I describe as "lying."  There are many chiropractors over the years who have seen the error of the "subluxation" and have openly admitted it is a scam not to mention scientists who understand what is required before they can claim to know the cause of an illness or injury. here a a couple of resources you can get. A. Inside Chiropractic by Samuel Homola B. Chiropractic the Greatest Hoax of the Century. by L.A. Chitkowski, M.D.
Me walking into the chiropractor in a good deal of pain, and then walking out feeling almost 100% better is a scam?  My chiroprator knows illness can (and usually does) comes from germs and viruses. How he treats it is just different. Instead of pumping yourself full of drugs, he stimulates your own immune system.
You aught to take this info to your chiropractor and let the two of us debate. By the way, drugs are good when used correctly. In the meantime, here is where the ERROR arises. While I am sure I too would be very aggitated with someone who told me that something that helped me was a scam. But anytime anyone puts themselves out as having a solution for any problem and say they know why the problem exists and know how to eliminate it, and they cannot provide proof that there solution, when used, eliminated the problem, there is something wrong. In your case, your chiropractor had to (within the scope of his practice or that which his license provides) find something wrong or find "a reason" (chiropractic reason) you had the pain and upon finding that, (which he must have found to have gone ahead and treated you,) he provided for you "a solution" for your pain. The fact that you feel better is your proof. But if you were to have your spine re-examined, the problem he said you had, that he said was causing your pain, would still be there? HOW COULD THAT BE THE REASON FOR YOUR PAIN IF IT IS STILL THERE? This is where the scam plays out. What he said was wrong and the reason for your pain. It is not a scam when they admit the things they do are not PROVEN EFFECTIVE, that while they do help at times, there are times when they do not. Then it is still questionable, because while it has helped you there are many it has not helped who were told the same thibg you were told. Keep in mind the way a doctor of any kind practices has to be according to the law, so there are legal ways for them to practice as well as there are illegal ways. So again, this is something trained individuals in this area need to address.  As for the public, they have been advised by the scientific community that chiropractic is based on an unscientific claim.
Whoever said that a private account would earn more? The entire point of social security is to guarantee a certain level of earnings. The stock market can't do that.  A bunch of the thing you say don't get taxed, do.  stay at home moms- the spouse accounts fro the money, he earns it all and spends it all.  trust funds - these pay taxes on anything over $10K inheritence - gets taxed as well gifts over $1000 are taxed as well.  the problem is that they are often dodged and there is little we can do about it.
How much foreign aid (actual aid, not bombs) to you think the US gives as a % of GDP? I can tell you without looking that it would have next to no impact on SS. Even the savings from Iraq would not be sufficient.
Accrding to this article the war in Iraq costs $ 5.8 billion per month, so that's $ 193 million per day. I would think that would cover a large part of the SS costs.
The first thing to understand about SS is that for practical government purposes its now just another revenue stream, not a trust. SS flows into government general purpose bank accounts (the treasury) all over the US from employers, which the government uses to pay bills. The government accounts for SS by issuing treasury certificates (investment for SS, debt for the public) for all SS revenue. When SS administration, part of the government, not SS itself, cuts a social security check to a beneficiary recipient, it redeems treasury debt, the SS 'investment', in a like amount at the same time. All SS revenues taken in during a fiscal year less benefits paid out are deemed 'surplus', already spent for general operating expenses. That 'surplus' amount resides in treasury securities, debt, which would have to be redeemed to make beneficiary payments, by selling additional treasury issues for cash and incurring debt or printing more money. Current 'surplus' is about $150-billion a year, so add that to any public deficit for a better number. SS is raided to avoid increasing what the dumb as a brick public perceives as deficit spending.   When politicians speak of SS running out of money, they're referring to a point where current benefit requirements exceed current collections. There's no consideration of redeeming the billions and billions in treasury certificates  the government 'borrowed', an impossibility when all borrowing capacity(treasury certificates for foreign exchange) is concentrated on servicing existing debt from deficit spending and cash flow requirements for military expansion.   Calling it government mismanagement is being very polite. Needless to say, any common citizen would be serving long terms in the slammer for such actions.
Accrding to this article the war in Iraq costs $ 5.8 billion per month, so that's $ 193 million per day. I would think that would cover a large part of the SS costs.  The government has the public fooled into thinking that money is being spent to help protect them from 'terrorist' activities such as 9/11, and promoting fear is far more important to here and now politicians needing GDP drivers than paying future SS benefits. There are posters on this board that, in spite of the administration publicly stating there was no connection, firmly believe Saddam was a threat to the US.
Thanks for the very accurate description. The US president said as much "stream" during his last speech. It's a shame that SS, which would have been solvent if it had remained a trust as designed and started, has been stolen from by our own government. From disbursements (called loans) in the 50's and 60's which were either never repaid or repaid without interest by the congress, to the current situation, it's shameful.  I fimrly agree that if the average US citizen ran their finances like the government, they would be in jail.  We ripped ourselves off in our greed to live like 'the good old days' when we can't afford it. Politicians just facilitated that erroneous sense of well-being to buy election votes.
Up the revolution!  You young people had better get started or there won't be much left you'll want.
Thanks Gamehuis. That's around 3.5 Billion for 6 months, if we only take 1/2 of the cost. I'd think that would be plenty to bail out these programs -- IF the government would leave the money where it's supposed to be, which I doubt they would.  Goes back to my point: it's mismanagement that has brought the US Government to this point.  Social security budget for 6 months is of the order of 0.25 trillion USD. Have I misunderstood what you're wanting to fund?
The cost of the war in Iraq is about $ 35 billion for 6 months. Now add to that the cost to rearm the army (think of those cruise missiles at $ 1 million per missile). Let's say rearming costs $ 5 billion (being really conservative here). So now you have $ 40 billion. Next would be reversing Bush' tax cuts for the rich which are projected to cost the government $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years, which would add another $ 75 billion for 6 months. So now we've got $ 115 billion, almost half of what is needed.  Saving SS can be done (at least in the short term).
The cost of the war in Iraq is about $ 35 billion for 6 months. Now add to that the cost to rearm the army (think of those cruise missiles at $ 1 million per missile). Let's say rearming costs $ 5 billion (being really conservative here). So now you have $ 40 billion. Next would be reversing Bush' tax cuts for the rich which are projected to cost the government $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years, which would add another $ 75 billion for 6 months. So now we've got $ 115 billion, almost half of what is needed.  Saving SS can be done (at least in the short term).  Of course it can. With actuary, contribution, benefit and government theft changes it could be saved in the long-term. But that's not politically desirable as it would involve admitting it's being raided, higher publicized deficits and politicians need personal SS contributions to drive equity markets when baby boomers begin cashing out.   Logical reasoning about Iraq and failed tax cuts will get you labeled as a liberal, or as some of the more grammatically challenged posters prefer, lefty.
I'm going to make an exception to my "no post" position. I'm not going to respond to any snide remarks, so don't waste your time. He's baaaaaaaaack! According to your statement, I get a free shot here. I am not at all surprised, when you made your last post declaration I gave you a week. I can't say I missed you (that's only one opinion), but the free exchange of opinions (no matter how warped they might be) makes for an interesting forum. I have no doubt there will be numerous "exceptions", old Mules never die, nor do they fade away. Dono
Well there illnesses and what they told me about Canadian health care is good enough for me........................  Don't you find it odd that no one that lives in Canada is denying anything i said? I don't find it odd at all. It is likely that many in Canada treat your posts with the same disdain as many in the lower 48 do, and choose not to bother.  Dono
More importantly, who the hell would want to invade Canada? Are there any countries with a major shortage of ice hockey stadia? :pDoes Canada have large untapped oil reserves? I could imagine (a highly unlikely) situation of the USA invading to get at those reserves if it does. The only other reason would be if there was a world shortage of maple syrup I guess.
 Consider the overall ability for any country in the world to invade Canada. As of right now, only one country shares a boarder with Canada, all other would need a massive airlift and reasonable sized army to invade Canada ( being 2nd largest country in the world). No other country has such a capability  And, as the Germans discovered in Russia during WW2, then comes the real enemy, winter. I once lived near the US/Canadian border at the Northern tip of Idaho's Panhandle. 40-degrees blow zero Fahrenheit not uncommon with 4' of snow on the ground. Balmy compared to what lies North of that point. Be an interesting test for a volunteer military.
It is a simple problem to solve. You just allow anyone who wants to buy into health insurance. Make the system like car insurance. Wouldn't it be silly if only employers offered car insurance?  one major diffrance, car insurance pays out one in a while to a person, and then (most often) will raise there rates, helth care people (should) receve a lot more often. think of the cost (assuming they use the same model) just going for prentivave care will rase your rates for the next 3-7 years.  also it costs less to run a auto repair shop than a helth care ficilty,and you dont here about multi-million law sutes for a mis-diagnosis of a car repair.
It still boils down to nothing but a complicated business plan identifying currently scattered sources of revenue and existing overheads. this is true of any and all serveses.  In Oregon and many other states no hospital or clinic receiving any type of government funding can refuse medical care. this is federal law. to receve medicare / medicade payments from the goverment.   Reductions in private sector and state/muni government employee health care plan costs alone would probably fund the remainder of state requirements. you are ignoring the issue of liabilty, IMO, the single largest reason that the costs keep geting more and more. the docters are paying for insurance in case they are sued, for making a mestake, or just when the famley dosent like the out come, the hospital also pays for the same. the drug compinies pay for when some one gets the wrong medicen, the place that makes the bedpans also pay for insurance aganst being sied for what ever people can think of. there are a few big f#^k uos, and a lot more baceless lawsutes, and all the cost of all that is passed on to the patients.  i know for a fact a 12V 1.2 Ah battery for a life pak 8 is $70 from a 3 party (a couple of hundrid from the OEM), we are talking about 10 cells wired toghther in two sticks of 5. you can get the cells for less than $1.50.
This endeavor is to fold multiple private policies into a public policy for coverage expansion and reduced costs.  let me make sure i have your idea here, you would want the goverment to insure everyone. (somethnig like expanding medicare to all)
Oregon may become the first US state with universal health care, available to all Oregon residents.   http://www.oregonlive.com/newsflash/regional/index.ssf?/base/news-17/116215436081180.xml&storylist=orlocal  While still in preliminary planning stages, the anticipated mix of state, federal, employer and individual funding could very well become a model for other states.  How are they going to pay for this? Oregon hardly has the money to properly fund its school systems much less pay for a universal healthcare system.
Thanks for that!!!!!!
And you believed every word they fed you without a second thought. At least now we know whose line you're peddling. Please, cite your sources to start with in the future. It's not just a good idea, it's the rules. emoticon_xagree  Then be consistent on this demand. I've seen plenty of threads where you don't call for sources.
What makes you think doctors are paid badly in a national healthcare system? GP salaries in the UK average GBP100 000, that's US$200 000, around 4 times the median income in this country. Medical training is hugely competitive, requiring higher grades than anything except Veterinary Science. Transplant surgery here is limited by a shortage of donors, not doctors or funding.  see - a dog REALLY is man's best friend   Takes better grades to work on your dog than it takes to work on your mother!  What does THAT SAY about society? emoticon_confused
veterinary science requires broadly similar grades, but longer training. This makes sense because you need to be able to perform pretty much all the same procedures as a doctor, but be able to do them on everything from a coy carp to an elephant.  yeah - but with all that care: [*]They are legally unwanted and killed in animal shelters[*]things like dogs cats horses in parts of the worlds are used for food - not just killed and toss out.
Cannibalism is good? emoticon_xgood
Cannibalism is good? emoticon_xgood  hmm emoticon_xlove cheap meat ...
A veterinarian is qualified to treat all animals, but a doctor is limited to only treating one species.
Still apologizing for Hillary, huh?  She is a basically dishonest person. When will you see the light? How can you earnestly support a basically dishonest person for President?  Additionally, a government run program for healthcare will fail just about as miserably as any other government run program can fail...take education for example...overpriced, overrated, underproducing...basically FAILING. We are graduating numbnuts nowadays in the guise of fairness. We are dumbing down the nation in the name of fairness. We are falling behind other nations in the name of fairness.  I am quite sure that with Hillary's plan for healthcare we will be reducing the quality and availability of good healthcare for the sake of fairness.   Antonia, you need to realize that Hillary is not the answer to our problems. She is nothing more than a political figure that will tell lie after lie after lie just to get in office and maintain control over the common folk. That's all she wants. Her theatrical appeals to mercy are not designed to help the real victims. They are designed to garner votes...for Hillary.  Barrack's healthcare plan is no better than hers. Both of them will fail. Though it does appear that, in this case, she was not lying.
