The moment the sperm attaches itself to the egg, that is when it is living, from the very second of conception. One of the evidences is that at that moment it starts to grow.
skylinedesire,  someone be allowed to choose weather people have the right to choose weather or not to have a child.   Who should decide whether or not you are ready for a child -the government?  many of my friends growing up had the type of parents that didnt want them or didnt love them enough etc. . . and most of them are in the process of falling through the cracks and most likely will be the next person to rob you. I wouldnt ask ANYONE (even a pro lifer) to have to live a unloved life and be unhappy.   So, are you saying your friends don't deserve to live because they have no morals? I hope you don't blame the parents for the kids lack of judgement. They really have no excuse. There are, I am sure, many good families that have raised criminals. One of the things that mark maturity is not blaming your parents for your downfalls.  So are you saying that a person that is unloved in their youth would have been better off not having a shot at life?   If you are please consider:  My Mom and Dad had the abortion appointment set up. That's how unwanted I was. Do you think I don't have a right to life? That I was better served not being able to give life a go?  My sister was divorced (for lack of a better word) from her parents, are you saying because they treated her poor she was better off not being?  A lousy beginning in life does not mean that a person's whole life will be worthless or unhappy.  have a nice day, heidi
I am not offended in the least. I was trying to make a point or two.  Abortion is as evil and disgusting to me. When you look at pictures of aborted babies I wonder if you really think it less evil?   So when does life begin?   heidi
Very good post, Maximus.  heidi
 Etheically speaking, abortion is same as murder but even murder sometimes is innevitable for entire life on this planet. If people think it's a good way for survival and properity of us, it's the way we go. I think most of abortions are not justified, though.  This sounds like you think abortion is a good means fro population control. Like it's a good way to cull down the herd or something.  heidi
Definition of a computer: "A device that computes, especially a programmable electronic machine that performs high-speed mathematical or logical operations or that assembles, stores, correlates, or otherwise processes information."  A 'computer' that has no ability to think is therefore not a computer. The same applies to humans IMO. Computers are not capable of "thinking." Really they are more comparable to animals in that they have a set series of reactions depending on the stimuli or input. Please tell me where the word "think" is on that list anyway.  To this I have to debate that the mind is what makes a person a person. Do you accept this view? If you had your mind in another body, would that body suddenly become your body and your previous body just someone elses body? Would your friends view your new body as the new you and your old body as someone else?  If you accept this then you admit that DNA is not the defining trait of what makes a person a person. This is one step closer to accepting that a human is not a human if they are not a person. But before going deeper into this I need to know your response to the previous questions.  A person who has their brain in someone else's body will NOT be the same "person." The brain alone isn't what determines the whole of a person's behavior. Hormones play just as big a factor as the brain does.   This is an obvious point of confusion here. I'm not trying to say science supports my views. I wouldn't expect any scientist to make this sort of analysis because it would offend so many people. This is just my opinion that I'm stating. If it's not supported by science then what exactly IS supporting it?   I never debated that hamsters weren't alive. I even said a fetus is alive, but it just isn't human life.  I'm not even talking about brain damage here. I'm talking no brain at all or a completely different brain. No brain at all was my original focus so I'll revert back to that. How can they be human if they are brain dead? Is a dead human still a human until all its DNA dies off? What is the difference between a person who just died a moment ago and a brain dead person kept alive by machines who would die if off the machines? Why is one human and one not or if both are human, how long is a dead person still human? First of all, you can't really say that DNA is alive, while it is self-replicating, it is not an organism by itself, so the term "alive" is not applicable. And besides, there are definite lines between when a person is alive and dead. There are no in-betweens. Either its a human, or its dead.  I don't disagree with biology. You can twist my words to do so but I'm not even talking biology, you are. I'm talking mental processes while you focus on DNA. I'm talking about how humans view each other and your talking about scientific analysis. I'm talking about stuff that isn't physical so how can I be going against biology if it is the study of what is physical? I think you have been getting my disagreements with you confused with my actual debate. My debate simply is that DNA is not the defining trait of what makes us human life. Sure DNA helps make us human, but it is what is in our minds that makes us human life. I'm debating that the definition of what makes human life goes beyond our cells and I doubt that the common biologist would disagree with this. If DNA doesn't determine that something is a human being, what does? I guess if you are talking about someone's personality, (and I'm assuming you are) then I would say that the brain isn't the only factor in determining that. Like I and others have said, the body's chemical functions as well as memories and environment are the major determining factors in someone's a personality.   I guess you didn't see the movie Terminator. In that movie, the Terminator had human skin as well as blood and all the physical features of a human other than he was a computer with metal infrustructure. To the common eye, he would be human.  I think you answered most of my questions. You are still focusing purely on DNA defining what is human. This doesn't answer whether a Terminator with human DNA and a computer brain and metal skeleton can be human if it was never born. What if he had bones and just a computer brain, would he be human? What if he had a real brain and metal skeleton, would he be human? What if he had either of these implanted in him after his birth? Is there no limit to what is human as long as it has human DNA? Would a slight change in our DNA make us not human? Exactly, a slight change (even something like a 2% difference) would cause ENOURMOUS changes, and would infact, not be a human. It would be something else. And the terminator would not be human. It would be a computer that looked like a human, and computers don't think remember?  You can accept the beliefs of others, but sometimes with questions such as those of aboriton you sometimes will have to question your own beliefs to find what you think is right. Abortion is a very complex issue. Going to have to cover a lot of different areas of knowledge to find a good answer to it.   I would also like to comment on the issue of whether self awareness was a factor in determining whether it is a person or not: a person doesn't reach a very good grasp of their self existance or develop a real grounded ego until a few years later in its life from the pregnancy (around 5-6 years of age I think it was, I haven't read up on this stuff for a while ^^) anyway. Just another reason I don't think we should be able to judge based on their mental capabilities, or else we might have children being tossed aside at young ages afer pregnacy (if it doesn't already happen alot).
Well since you joined in a little late, 'thinking' is what I'm debating as a cause for life. The computer analogy went along with that debate. Think in computer terms isn't 100% accurate but I'm sure you can figure out what I was saying. The computer is not a computer if it cannot think/compute therefore I debate that a human is not human if it cannot think/computer. I don't see why you say that a person who is unconscious is not human. Ok then, what exactly IS it? Is it a mouse? an elephant? a ball of playdough?   Personally I'm not debating that behaviors play a role in what makes a person. I'm debating that their consciousness makes them a person. For instance, if your mind were to change bodies, would your consciousness change and replace the one that is currently there? My guess would be no although I could be wrong. So behavior will not change who that person is although it can change how they are viewed and may therefore change how they think. Still, they are the same person at the core with outer changes. What do you mean by putting your "mind" in another body? There isn't some soul or essence you can just stick into a nother person's body. Clarify if you would please.  Human opinion. What supports the idea of what is right and wrong? Science sure won't and what is right and wrong is pretty necessary for life on Earth. What if our mind is even wrong on what is right and wrong? Is the definition still correct or are we so flawed that some of our very basic ideas will lead to our failure? Oh? I thought we were debating on whether an unconscious person was a human being or not?   I can't say that DNA is alive. The person I'm debating is saying that. There are inbetweens as well. If a person is near dead but can still come back to life, I don't think we treat them as a dead person or label them as such. Also, would a sperm that just entered the egg be considered a dead human, a living human, something inbetween, or simply as a sperm that entered the egg and nothing more? If a person is NEAR DEAD, that would imply that they are not yet dead i.e. still alive. A sperm that has just entered an egg is a living organism, have you even studied biology in school yet? How can something that just formed be considered dead?  I'm not talking personality. I'm talking consciousness. A personality simply changes how we are viewed. With a different personality, we are viewed as a different person but are literally the same person as before in my opinion. You may be the same organism, but if your personality changes then you are not the same person. Patients that are given lobotomies are not the same person they were before they had the operation in my view. You are also not the same person you were yesterday, or even five minutes ago the way I understand it.  You just debated that DNA makes a human. If the terminator had human DNA and had also been born of two human parents and simply had his brain changed to a computer later in life, would he still be human? I think you will say yes to this. How about if his skeleton was changed to metal as well? Still yes or does marrow matter too much? What if he had no changes but was grown using synthetic DNA not of two different humans but shared all the same characteristics of a human and infact there was no proof that any scientist could find anywhere that said he wasn't human? I don't think it would be a human, It would be an amazing recreation of one, but I wouldn't call it real because it had a computer brain. I would call the last example you gave a person however.  Your definition of thinking must be different than my. Thinking is analysis of information. I believe that reacting requires thinking so bugs think. Computers have a program to run and I would say that they think. You are probably debating that consciousness is required to be labeled as thinking. Well assume that an EXACT copy of the human brain was put on a computer, would it be thinking then? What about a super advanced bioengineered brain not of human origin but organic nonetheless, would that be able to think given a replica of a human minds content? Reacting in no way recquires thinking. You do know that almost all animals' minds exist almost entirely at the unconscious level? Almost everything they do is based on impulse and recquires little to no thought. This is exactly how computers work. Its given a task and reacts on it based on how its programmed to perform it. It can't make spontaneous decisions on anything, its all based on its program. Humans however, are capable of real cognitive thought because we posess a frontal lobe. I don't know if I would consider the human brain put on a computer to be really thinking in the same sense that a real brain does, because it would still be running off of inorganic hardware.   As said before in this debate, I'm not just talking mental capacity. Lets say your brain is thinking at our baseline 100%. At 3 years old lets say it was 70%. At 1 year old lets say 30%. At birth lets say 10%. A week before birth lets say 2% and a week before that .01%. I'm just guessing at these figures but my opinion is they all are alive! Even two weeks before birth or whenever actual thought is possible, a person exists. I cannot prove it is conscious at this point but it has crossed the level I'm willing to debate or make guesses at by this time. Until that is possible for the fetus to do, I debate it isn't alive. Now do I know when in the birth cycle thinking begins? No, and if someone does please post it. Very early on, I don't think a fetus is human life because it cannot think. I don't think it is fair that you can determine that a fetus who is not yet conscious not alive. It will eventually become able to do so, so I think it has every right that any other person has. I do draw the line however, at a person who has become braindead and has no hope for becoming conscious again and being hooked up to a machine for however long it can keep its body alive. In the case of a fetus, it has not even been given a chance to develop and grow so you are killing a real person if you decide to abort it. Just my 2 cents.
I'll go look
"He shall be happy who dashes the infants head's against rocks"  Anyway...  What about people who don't want to exist?  There are quite a few of those, maybe they would have preferred to be aborted?
avoiceofreason,  'Irregardless of anyones religion or beliefs women have the right to choose what's best for their body. The government cannot force religious beliefs or morals on the people."  - The government does have the authority to stop murder. This is the main prospect of abortion. The government does have a right to restrict murder becasue it violates the rights of others.  Regardless of whether abortion should really be considered murder or not is in alot of controversy.  Whether I'm "pro-life" or "pro-choice" is still something I am considering but I like to debate for both sides.  Always Stay Open Minded
"I've always marvelled at your amazing way of changing the subject and avoiding the point of my posts so secretively.  I have a great number of friends who have 'working' relationships but are not going to have sex until marriage. I can also show you TV shows which show relationships and when sex is involved, the relationships are terrible. Jenny Jones and Jerry Springer are two, for instance. Search through most of the dating reality shows on TV for more examples."  - I feel ashamed to come onto this thread and make this meaningless post. But I'm laughing so hard I don't care....   emoticon_smile   Always Stay Open Minded
Habbit,  Once again I can't help but laugh but I will attempt to debate... unlike you logically. I agree with Gilligan a strong relationship (as u get older) is not going to consist without sex. Good sex is part of a good relationship. Condoms should be used if a baby is not trying to be conceived but they are not 100% effective as Gilligan says.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
crzygrly  "Making it illegal won't stop the continuation of abortions."  - It will certainly greatly decline the use of abortion. That could save who knows how many lives....  "Instead of making a bunch of laws that won't be followed we should be making the adoption process easier and quicker. We could use the money being spent by groups trying to make abortion illegal towards promoting adoption."  - Abortion being illegal in itself discourages abortion, and promotes adoption. Although I would agree that maybe some money should be used to promote adoption.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Katie,   ......  She was answering wjim's question about which posts he didn't cover...... ......   Lovethesouth,  "The fact is, we humans were created in the image of God, trees were not. You don't agree with that (obviously), but that's the deal, and you'll find out when you die, at the latest, hopefully before that."  - Forgive my ignorance but isn't this completely irrelevant in the case of abortion?  crzygrl,   "it would make less people have abortions but wouldn't stop them altogether."  - So instead of 100 fetuses (sp) killed you will only have 50 or 25.  Are those lives not worth it?  "but promoting adoption would also make less people have abortions. "  - What!? I don't see what in the world your talking about. Just because more opposition is made to abortion doesn't mean people are going to suddenly stop, think, and change their mind. If so there will be far more changing of the minds if it is made illegal....  "its hurting our economy far more to have all these anti-abortion groups than it would to make it easier for people to adopt.""  - How is that hurting our economy?!?!?!?!?!   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Habbit,   Yes you are being made a fool of by a 14 year old (Decided to respond to some of your less idiotic posts... but I'm having trouble finding them ;) ) Anways.... To the topic  ""And you would know considering you're 14 years old? Exactly how many 'relationships' have you gone through that have lasted more than a month?"  - It is very common that a strong relationship will usually consist of sex. Outlawing sex or expecting teens to not have sex before marriage is idiotic. That would solve alot of abortion problems but I assure you this is never going to happen. Its simply completely irrelevant.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Gilligan,  (Gives Habbit an excuse to bash atheists)  "wait, yes i can..."  - Nice one ;)    Always Stay Open Minded
Habbit,  "No, it won't. Like I said, the average guy may like to think so, but that's not how it works. There's more to a 'strong' relationship (still don't know what you mean) than 'good sex.' Anyone can say they have a 'strong' relationship because the sex is good."  - The solution to abortion is not to expect teens or other couples as Gilligan pointed out to stop having sex. It simply will not happen.  Teens are going to have sex before they get married. Of course some choose not to have sex before marriage and thats respectable.  Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Maximus,  I don't have a really set or concerete opinion on abortion because its such a controversial subject. Its a tough one. ;)   "1. What, in your opinion, is the solution to abortion? (If you think one is needed)"  - If I was against abortion, (except in the cases of rape, incest, and when the baby poses a threat to the mother), I'm not sure. Making it illegal is an option, and this would certainly discourage abortions but of course you still have people who try to do it illegaly which is not safe.  "2. Why is it respectable not to have sex before marriage?"  - I said that meaning that I'm not going to make fun of someone who does (as some would). A study showed that its very common among highschool boys to pressure others into having sex (with girlfriends), that is a partial reason to them doing so anyways.   "3. What kind of relationship do you think is the most stable and healthy for children to be raised?"  - Two loving parents who can devote time to the child and his well being. Of course finances must be in order as well. (Just a start)   Thanks for reading this  Always Stay Open Minded
Most Christian Conservatives haven't read the Bible.
"Most Christian Conservatives haven't read the Bible."  So true, if they did they wouldn't even be conservative. Jesus was a Socialist!
Governments tend to me like the priests in the temples :p
Most Christian Conservatives haven't read the Bible.  Actually, they have. But only Leviticus and Numbers.
this may have some glaringly obvious answer... but if one of the commandments is "thou shall not kill" why is the death penalty support by most Christians/conservatives.... well maybe not Christians, but conservatives... which tend to be Christians.   i'm pretty sure there isn't some fine print that says "unless the bastard already killed someone else"
What sin did you commit when you were 2 cells?  People are not sinners because they commit sins. People commit sins BECAUSE they are sinners.   In other words, that is the nature we are born with. Just like being born human as opposed to lion. We are born with a sin nature instead of born with a righteous nature.
They would say that you weren't a real Christian as well. That all it takes is to believe, or accept Christ into their lives in order to be "saved". And since they are the majority that would make you and your kind heretics. Anybody got a match and a stake? :)  Judging by the discussion Mont and I had about Wicca and Pagans, I bet he would light the match for you.   Didn't you know, for the sin of Eve.   Let me see if I have this right. Christians are not only responsible for their sins, but the sins of someone who supposedly lived thousands of years ago? Their god is punishing them for something someone else did long before they were even thought about? And the notion that you are born a sinner? Does it seem to anyone other than me that perhaps these people are selling themselves short? Perhaps if christians thought of themselves as good people that sometimes make mistakes, not bad people that sometimes do good, the religion may be a little more appealing to some. I find this type of philosophy to be neanderthal in conception.
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what "abortionist's" say is a load of XXXX!! I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion! I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation! Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion. I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life!   I think that even those who are pro choice are also pro life. I doubt you will find one who is pro death.
Wrong on all accounts. All we're in favor is for the right to choice. You keep assuming that women will always use this choice to have abortions only.  Wrong. We only support the right to choose not what is chosen.   George McKenna wrote this in an article titled "On Abortion: A Lincolnian Position,"  "In all these [presidential speeches and Lincoln Douglas debates] he [Lincoln] continually reminded his audience that the theme of choice without reference to the object of choice was morally empty." (emphasis mine)  Lincoln was speaking to Douglas' reference to the "freedom of choice" of slavery. The article, a comparison of slavery and abortion, can be read here:  http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/95sep/abortion/abortion.htm
I smell a thread that's dying quick...
"Which came firs, the chicken ot the egg? You are not understanding what is being said. I have a feeling that that is intentional."    obviously the egg.
When will you people learn? You won't convince people through apologetics, especially on a moral issue--one of basic logic, maybe, but not one that involves religious and moral presuppositions. It's silly to talk about it. The same arguments surface over and over and over and over... Stop bitching about it and shut up.
[QUOTE=Parcum]ummmmmm omg actually you like cheese. emoticon_xagree emoticon_love WOHH QUOTE]
I haven't read all of the replies. Wanted to stop in and say to Prolife.......you have some pretty strong feelings for a 15 year old. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I just hope that you curb some of that anger as you grow and mature. God would not want you to carry such anger around your entire life, would He?
another truth is that the God you mention has repeatedly warned you against judging others.   I find myself frequently pausing to witness the hypocrisy exhibited by people who proudly call themselves "Christian" but who clearly have no inhibitions about excluding others rather than including, and judging rather than accepting.
I was just reading through this thread, and I wanted to point out an extremely incorrect statement. The thing is it's impossible. A mother cannot have two different blood types; the mother cannot have a reproductive organ that grows and comes out. This is a very ignorant statement in my view. Any person, whether male or female, can be born with two different bloodtypes or two different DNA types. This is called being a "chimera" which comes from the famous mythological Chimera beast which was said to have the head of a lion, body of a goat, and tail of a dragon. Here is a very good example: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2003/11/13/nivf113.xml&sSheet=/news/2003/11/13/ixhome.html
The Telegraph is as reliable a source as Fox News and the National Enquirer. I'm not saying that it 'didn't' happen, but the source is not the best for evidence.  By the way, in your eyes, what's the difference between incorrect, and extremely incorrect?   HAHAHAHA!!! How is FOX News not reliable? Tell me of an instance where they have lied or were unreliable?
Has it been suggested that masturbation is also the destruction of life? Of course the Catholic Church doesn't like it. They want their followers to "go forth and multiply" and multiply and multiply and multiply. No birth control either. And swear to raise all the kids Catholic. Obviously, they simply want to increase the number of Catholics. In my view, the Catholic Church is not the place to look for advice. They have an agenda - and not necessarily salvation.
As a man I would think it impossible to "gratify" oneself with no "object" in mind, even if that were a fictitious inspiration.
As a man I would think it impossible to "gratify" oneself with no "object" in mind, even if that were a fictitious inspiration.  Wet dreams aside, you're quite right. But why would you not want an object in mind? Next someone is going to tell me to eat my oatmeal in the morning with no taste. Neither sensations are a sin, trust me on this one.
Should the plural of fetus be feti?
So when your God killed all of the helpless, little first borns in Egypt he too was another baby-killing liberal? You are very amusing and naive.  Hey Pseudo, try discussing things without adding a strawman everytime. The topic at hand was abortion, not his God.   And get some composure too--you are losing it arguing with a 15-year old.
PASS exists insofar as PTSD exists and it isn't recognised by any independent medical body. Very few women suffer long term psychological problems after aborting and as you rightly point out, these are mainly women who change their beliefs, were coerced or had an already existing medical condition.   Or sadly to say they are women who are wanting to vicimize themselve which is a whole other scocial issue although closely tied to abortion. I don't mean women "get themseves raped" or any bull like that. I mean women are taught from a very young age to feel far more guilty about sex and thier bodies and many other things in life in this society. This is a left over affect of the puritan faith that hepled found this country. Funny thing is, the other devoloped countries of the time thought that the puritans were nuts. Thats why they had to leave thier country in the first place. But this rather masochistic intrupritation of christianity stll has it's residual effect on us today.   If we instead taught our daughters that they are strong and fully capable for taking responiblity for thier own actions and that that is okay then we would first I think see a lot less unwantered pregnancies but also we would not see women with guilt based psychological promlems nearly as much.
also, i find it incredibly amusing that no waiting list for an abortion can be longer than nine months. but thats just me.  Oh yeah, that's just side-splitting hilarious . . . emoticon_rolleyes
Depression does occur after an abortion, but the best indicator of psychological health afterward is what her psychological health was before the abortion.  Hmm . . . I think they used to say similar things about post partum stress as well.
There is a big differance in the real post partum depression and any post abortal deppression. The hormones that contribute to post partum depression are not there after and abortion. So I do not brlive that that would be a contributing factor. A womens psych condition before her pregnancy does have the most meaning as to how she will feel after no mater how the prenancy ends
Survival. My chances of living are greater if I have others around to help and protect me. You scratch my back I scratch yours. The barbarians are gone, civilization is still here. It works. It is called enlightened self-interest. I enjoy reading your posts. You are truly a class a debator. I agree with you here, I won't shoot you in your back if you don't shoot me in mine. But I believe there is a bit more to it, as I'm sure they were tying to get at, although I do not think it's for some great plan. Maybe our ability to think in the abstract, empathy...still selfish, I know...
Congress makes laws....no one else doesActually you will find that countries other than the USA are still allowed to make their own laws. The USA may be powerful, but it doesn't lord it over all the world yet (it merely thinks it does). Please remember that this is a forum on the internet and therefore there are many nationalities here. Comments like yours above just reinforce the stereotype of AMericans being egotistical and self-centred and oblivious of the rest of the world.  Rant over. Thank you.
emoticon_wow HOLY MOLEY FRIJOLES!! I don't think I've ever seen a thread go on for this long. 32 friggin pages! WOW!
I can't find law that states this to be true. Since it is a legal right can you post a law or something that shows this...even a court case would be ok. I have been looking for an hour now and I am getting kinda frustrated. emoticon_xangel  It's implied in the Thirteenth Amendment. That abolished the ownership of people as property.
In china they have dramatic overpopulation, same goes for India. They have such a problem that it is unfathomable for the typical american to comprehend. US- pop. 280,562,489 pop. density 79.6 per sq. mile China - pop. 1,286,975,468- pop density- 347 per sq. mile India- pop. 1,049,700,118 pop density- 827! per sq. mile.  This bit interested me. By my calculations, Britain (my country) has a population density of 670 per sq. mile. Now given that England is more densely populated than other parts of Britain I suspect population density here is probably up there with India.  Most interesting indeed.  So do you think Britain should have a legal one child limit?
Why would an ultrasound cause stress or be like torture?  Well sometimes it is when you see an ultrasound and you see your baby's face and see the heart beating and then you see the doctors point out where your baby is missing crucial parts of its heart and brain and all its other organs and hands and feet and spine and its intestines are outside of its body and in the umilical cord instead of being where they are supposed to, and then they turn around and tell you that your baby is dying right as you are looking at it and I don't even think stressful justifies that because you wish to God there was something you can do but it's there dying inside of you and there isn't a XXXXXXn thing you can do about it, and THEN to be told by 4 different doctors that the best thing you can do is terminate the pregnancy now before things get worse because there is no chance of survival for the baby, and prolonging it any further is going to cause the baby to eventually be in extreme pain, and that the mass that they saw on the umbilical cord could rupture at any time and kill you along with the baby, but you need to make a quick choice and decide what you are going to do, preferably within the next week, even though you finally got pregnant after trying for a year, yeah I think I would put that right up there with torture. I'm sorry for going off, and if that was too graphic for some people... but I have read enough posts on this subject in the last 3 days and I am so upset because I don't think half of you have a clue. You get in that situation sometime and go through all that and then let me know how you feel about it.
Carmen, I am sorry for your painful experience. I have not been in your situation. But I have experienced similar pain. My wife has experienced two miscarriages. The first one was at home and I actually held the 10 week old in my own hands. It had eyes, hands, legs. It was torturous at the same time it was amazing. To see it up close gave the experience some finality, some peace.  I'm sorry that you and your wife went through that.. it's hard.. I wasn't very far along when I had mine last year, but it still hurts... I've never been in this situation either until now... I never imagined that I would be, and I guess that what the doctors say is probably the best thing to do, but it doesn't feel like it is. I'm sorry to have jumped all over you before... I'm just stressed..  But you are right when you said that about the children your wife works with, my neice was born 4 months premature and the doctors said that she would never live a normal life, and would be severely mentally and physically disabled, and she isn't.. she's a very healthy and normal 3 year old.. so you never know.  Do you have any children now?
My grandmother was given a few months with her cancer prognosis a couple years ago, but she's still alive and well, in fact she was her regular self at last weekend's birthday brunch- telling people they're eating too much or that she really didn't like their gift :) . Doctors do make mistakes and sometimes people do a lot better than expected. Of course, that's no reason not to take needed medication or not get treatment. One should always get at least a second opinion for a serious prognosis.  Oh, I don't think you need to apologize. You're going through a very real situation, so of course it's going to be hurtful when people make quick judgements about this like it's abstract. It's none of my business, but I worry about you going on these boards right now, with all these people saying whatever to make some political point while you're going through a real tragedy...    Thank you for being concerned.. and you're right, I think I'm done on here for awhile.. I said what I needed to say, and I don't think there is much left for me to say... hopefully this opens people's minds just a little bit, but if not... well... I tried! But you have been really helpful in this, and thanks for sticking up for me! :) Good luck to your grandma.. that is wonderful! People are stronger sometimes than the doctors give them credit for.. my neice is 16 and has had a brain tumor for over 2 years, but the doctors didn't think she would make it another 6 months, so she has beat those odds... she's not doing very well these days, but up until a few months ago no one could even tell she was sick, so she has fought hard and went way beyond the expectations of the doctors...  I wish the best to you and your family!
So let's get rid of them. While we're at it, let's eliminate all of the worthless drug users on the planet. You'd better not drink any coffee tomorrow morning, you evil drug user! emoticon_rolleyes
If you count George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, et al, amongst our nation's founders, I am sorry, but these were not "rednecks". These were urbane, well-educated, articulate men.  Yes, and isn't it interesting that these urbane, well-educated and articulate men had no problem with "gun-toting" and did a bit of 'gun-toting' themselves at times? Not to get off-topic, but the rural people of the U.S. today often have more in common with the urbane founding fathers than others.
What an interesting argument.   I don't think he posts here anymore, so it's hardly fair to attack him ;)
I should pay more attention to post dates.  However, he could have just adopted another screen name. Whoops, that means there had to be a birth. emoticon_xangel  What do you think, did he abort? :p
See, the good thing is, I'll never put myself in a situation to be falsely accused of murder. I don't really have to worry about it. And I do believe the good of the many overides the good of the few. There are always going to be mistakes, there is nothing anyone can do about it. No matter what the law is, no matter what the punishment is, there will always be the possibility of innocence incarcerated. Should be stop arresting people? Set everyone in the prisons free becuase they MIGHT be innocent? Let's throw out the laws while we are at it, becuase without those, there wouldn't be any arrests, there wouldn't be any innocent people falsely imprisoned. I would rather have the death penalty than life in prison.  LOL, you got to be joking... nobody puts themselves in a position to be falsely accused of murder or anything like that. you are *always* in a position to be falsely accused of murder. you might resemble a murderer, be in a place a murderer was, drive the same kind of car a murderer drove, etc. and worse, if someone is deliberately framing you or planting evidence around you, part of their plan would be to make sure you dont know they're doing it.  funny dude...
If you're a hunter alone, hunting a dangerous animal that can turn and kill you if it knows you are there and you hear a russle, wouldn't it be infinitly safer to shoot first? I have followed along, reading one thing then another and can say, with all confidence, that this is the only harebrain thing I've read.  Are you serious? Surely you jest. emoticon_xdonno
I'm just curious about so-called republican and democrat views on separate issues, and if they coincide with the stereotypical conservative and libral choices.  Vote on whether you're pro-life and for or against gun control, pretty much any form.  Same with pro-choice.
Well I'm English so I hope you don't mind me replying.  Anyway I am pro-life and for gun control (In that you need a licence to own one).  I don't mind anyone replying. More philosophical question than political.
Gotta get some pro-life people in here :P
Right there with ya! Spread the word!!  Why are you folks pro-gun and against gun control? Philosophically I mean, not "it's in the constitution".
I'm VERY Pro-Life. And I'm for people being able to own guns, but I don't want machine guns out on the street, and I think you need a permit. But you should have the right to own a gun.  Why should we have the right to own a gun? Why shouldn't the gov't be able to decide whether or not you can?
To me, owning a gun is no less a right than owning a refrigerator. To equate gun ownership to abortion is absurd  Eh? I'm not equating them, I'm seeing if there is any correlation between them. That would be absurd :P
and it seemed to me that you kinda were. Your point appeared to be that if the government can "control a woman's body" then why can't they tell us what to do with guns  In a way I was, as far as the poll goes. Abortion and gun control use very similar arguments about personal responsibility and gov't intrusion into private lives, but the different sides, conservative and liberal, switch who use them. I wanted to see if what I observed would show up here.  With what you say, you can flip it. Why can the gov't legislate morals in one area but can't in another. It's just the subject that changes.  Both parties pick and choose their battles, it seems to me, and they sometimes contradict themselves. This is partly why I never subscribe to one or the other :P
"it's in the constitution" is a good argument IMO, but that is not what you wanted. Ok i feel that gun control is just a nother way for a few people to tell outhers what to do. like probition, or outlawing pot, and hundrids of outher issues. Guns are not dangrous, they need some one to make them dengrous, just like knives, hammers and outher objects.  why are you for gun control.  "it's in the constitution" is a good argument for making it legal, but says nothing about personal opinions on the matter. It's akin to saying "I think it should be legal because it's legal".  Thank you for your opinion :) The poll grows muahahaha
why do you even have guns?
As part of the poll you mean? It was because while in the gun control forum I saw a lot of the same arguments for abortion that are used against gun control and since pro-life and pro-gun are usually entwined (Republican leaning issues) I wanted to see if what I observed was correct.
As part of the poll you mean? It was because while in the gun control forum I saw a lot of the same arguments for abortion that are used against gun control and since pro-life and pro-gun are usually entwined (Republican leaning issues) I wanted to see if what I observed was correct.  It's safe to say that most conservatives don't see a contradiction here because unlike abortion, gun ownership doesn't involve taking a life. Perhaps that will be seen as overly simplistic since some will argue that guns increase the likelyhood of death but that is my analysis.
It's safe to say that most conservatives don't see a contradiction here because unlike abortion, gun ownership doesn't involve taking a life. Perhaps that will be seen as overly simplistic since some will argue that guns increase the likelyhood of death but that is my analysis.  I certainly agree that conservatives don't see a contradiction :P Liberals don't see a contradiction between arguing for more gov't involvment in gun control and less gov't in abortion issues, either, so it cuts both ways.   Like I said though, the arguments are similar. Taking the gun ownership argument to it's philosophical points, conservatives usually say that the gov't has no business being intrusive on our lives. That is the liberal position in regards to abortion, that pregnancy is one of the most personal of issues and that the gov't should have no involvment in it. It goes the other way too. The point of the poll is to see if the pro/anti gun control crowd lines up with the pro-life and pro-choice crowd. So far the pro-choice crowd is split, but there have been very few votes. Pro-life seem more against gun control, as would be expected.
The difference between controlling abortion and controlling guns is that: Just because I onw a gun, does not mean I am killing a person. I don't think you can argue the same about abortion.  Actually, you can. The Supreme Court decision Roe vs Wade made it clear that the fetus is not considered a person under the constitution.  However, that isn't the point. Obviously gun ownership and abortion are two separate issues, but taking both to their broad philosophical ends and the arguments look similar. This poll can measure if the outlook changes on the issues, or if the outlook is consistent throughout the issues.
I believe that a woman has a right to choose. She can choose whether or not she has sex. Once a woman becomes pregnant (when the little sperm goes into the egg) another life starts growing inside her womb. this life is not hers, and nine months later, it will be completely sepparate from her. People ask questions of when life begins, well, as soon as the egg cell starts splitting and duplicating and growing, that when. Is a race only a race after you cross the finish line? No, the race begins as soon as the gun goes off. The only exception for abortion is if the woman is raped. This takes away her right to choose, therefore since it was not her actions that ended up getting her pregnant, it should be her choice to abort it. People argue that if a person is not ready to take care of their child that it should be aborted, well what about adoption. There are thousands of people who are on waiting lists to adopt children because they cannot have children themselves. The child will be cared for. So, I say that abortion is completely wrong if the pregnant woman willingly had sex in the first place.
Is there an echo in here?  What?....What?....What?....What?
For instance, getting married raises the possibility of your partner wanting to have sex with you. LOL. Not around my house it didn't.
Can you imagine what the U.S. population would be without abortion? Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot? It's a consideration, but I doubt we should be promoting this under the "population control" banner.  All these figures are really telling us is that society needs further education when it comes to contraception. I don't see how anyone could advocate an invasive surgical procedure as anything else but a last resort method.
But the worlds way of dealing with overpopulation is mass starvation, society appears to have a better way where educated and better off couples tend to have less children. However contraception is one of the factors that causes this trend.
Actually, there's a birth every 8 seconds, and a death every 11 seconds, which means the population of the earth grows less than 1% each year...so, even with those aborted babies, the world would NOT be overpopulated.  Please read carefully. He was talking about the US population, not the world.   The initial post was NOT detailing population control but bringing up the issue of resource allocation and parenting.
Oh yes, JitoBear, remember that case of the woman who performed a penectomy on her hated husband with a sharp knife, what was her name? Bobbitt.  Bobbitting! Full speed ahead!  That would only lead to a glut of new pornstars appearing :p
I'm new to the forum... This is my first post.  No one has the right to end an innocent life.  to which Siggy Poo answered, "What in the world gives you that idea?"  Now, this intrigues me. Siggy, why would you even respond to this statement as you did. You made no point. If you don't agree with a statement somebody makes, the ball is in your court to give a reason for disagreement. Refuting a statment with a question is not a very convincing argumentative strategy. Come on folks, this is a debate, not a childish "I know you are but what am I" shouting match.
Welcome!   I would have suggested a less aggressive first post, but to each their own ;) Well, I've been reading these things for a while, I just decided that I'd like to participate. Hence, I just dove in and went all out.  Wow, first post and already you have given me a nickname :D Well Siggy (lol), the tension was getting so thick that you could slice it with a knife. I thought I'd try to soften the mood up.  I was inviting him to expand upon his idea in such a way as to make it relevant to the topic. As it was stated, I didn't know where exactly he was connecting what he said to the larger topic. It is akin to saying "And?" Understood. Yet, I think it would be better to simply ask him to clarify his point. That way any confusion would be eliminated.
First of all, they are not always considered dead. Remember Terri Schiavo?  And besides that, braindead people have woken up before and have returned to life as a normal person. To say that braindead people are not real persons is completely illogical, regardless of how many people think that.  1. Terri Shiavo was not braindead. She was in a persistent vegetative state. 2. Brain dead folks never wake up. They have no brain function and can only survive with cardiopumonary support. By definiton, the brain damage is irreversible.
Please provide data showing that an unborn child is unaware. Showing that it is not wise is easy enough. I can probably show that about half the people that post on this board.   I am saying that it is ridiculous to define a human life based on those criteria and your insistence on it is illogical.  EF  When we were talking about brainwaves, ([URL="http://www.4forums.com/political/222621-post32.html) the article I referenced made mention of awareness, or at least wakefulness(being conscious), as follows: Some investigators contend that EEG patterns denoting wakefulness indicate when consciousness is first possible. Wakefulness is a state of arousal mediated by the brainstem and thalamus in communication with the cortex. In preterm neonates, the earliest EEG pattern representing wakefulness appears around 30 weeks' PCA. However, wakefulness alone is insufficient to establish consciousness, as unconscious patients in a persistent vegetative state may also have wakeful EEGs.   This is not definitive, by any means, but pretty suggestive. These are indirect measurements; again, the only type that would ever be possible as no human to date has ever been able to recall the experiences of the womb. However, unconsciousness usually means lack of awareness or any thinking, i.e., it is not the same as sleeping, in which thoughts are occurring.  Also, I am not at all saying that this has any meaning beyond that. I am not saying this has any weight regarding the morality of abortion. Just trying to provide the data asked for.
That is the longest post I have ever seen.  I wonder how long it took. emoticon_wow
I am not that religeous but I believe in God..........I think it would be terrible to be and atheist or and agnostic and believe that this life is all there is...... I would also say that there is a God and if he is looking down on this world he can not be happy with what he sees.........  IF you were an athiest, and you thought this was the one and only life, WHY would you feel terrible? It is apparent that you seem to lack the ability of even  trying to understand what it is like to be in someone else's shoes. Your feelings and thoughts are universal?  I agree about God (or whatever the Supreme Being is) looking down at us with sorrow, especially when he witnesses the misguided and illinformed thoughts coming from his creation's minds. Well, at least some of his creations.
Judging by some of your posts my friend I think you and I don't agree about what God might be unhappy about........  Oh and I would love to see figures on how many so called atheists make a conversion on their death bed.........I would think the figure would be pretty high.........  Yes Sir, that is as good as the old one liner, "There are no Atheists in Foxholes."  However, it still doesn't make sense out of your "I would hate to be . . ." comment. Again, is this part of the internet code where when someone makes a statement that is entirely senseless, they just avoid it when confronted? I hope I do get the hang of this, I am so use to actually admitting when I am an idiot, or wrong about something.  Speaking of "figures" that may be interesting, I would like to know how many drug abusers drank chocolate milk as children, I believe it just may be a gateway drug. How was that? Did I change the subject well enough to rate myself up there with you on the creative avoidance ledge?
Rights are merely social constructs. There is nothing natural, alienable or divine about them. They are violated each and every day on this planet and the only thing that can try to impose these social constructs on a larger population is a vigerous government.
You have the right to life if you are a human being. Wherever you live, whatever government governs you, this right exists whether governments reject its existence or not. I argued that the Declaration of Independence merely recognized the existence of this right, not that it established it.  How does this "right" exist?
No true Christian can ever believe that killing unborn children is compatable with a personal relationship with Jesus.  Aye, and no true scotsman wears a kilt.
Sir what did you mean by that snide remark? First I am offended by your blantent refrences to me being a "racist". Second, how can you make a sarcastic remark about a faith you don't even know about? I would refrain from such slander if I were you.
I am offended by your blantent refrences to me being a "racist"  Good to hear.  Second, how can you make a sarcastic remark about a faith you don't even know about?  I guess it would be pretty difficult, let me know when you find out.  I would refrain from such slander if I were you.  Well you're not me. Would you refrain from such slander if you were you?  Sir what did you mean by that snide remark?  If you don't know what I meant by it, why are you commenting on it?
1. Im glad you know. Im glad everyone else knows as well. It just shows that when one trys to assert himself on an issue for the common good there will always be someone who will resort to cut throught politics and as a result will in the same pointless bickering that has ensued our government. Sir I beseech you to rethink you comments so that together we may work toward the common good not only in this nation. But in this world. If you still need proof I am sincere in my comments I refer you to one of the other threads in the civil rights forum. I made some solid comments on Blair's speech on saving Africa from the hellishness the envelops their homeland. I pray that his vision will become a reality.
Good morning jitobear, what cruelty have I shown to anyone? I " force" no one to adhear to any faith. However, it is important for everyone to understand that there is only one path to salvation and eternal life and that is exclusively through Jesus. There is NO other path to Heaven. That case is closed. That "case" is never closed: it's not even a "case".
Woa! Why is a two year old post being revived?
Maybe, but then, maybe you'd lose some faithful, too...
Report: Kennedy barred from communion by bishop  Nov. 22, 2009  PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Tobin has banned Rep. Patrick Kennedy from receiving Communion, the central sacrament of the church, in Rhode Island because of the congressman's support for abortion rights, Kennedy said in a newspaper interview published Sunday.  The decision by the outspoken prelate, reported on The Providence Journal's Web site, significantly escalates a bitter dispute between Tobin, an ultra orthodox bishop, and Kennedy, a son of the nation's most famous Roman Catholic family.  "The bishop instructed me not to take Communion and said that he has instructed the diocesan priests not to give me Communion," Kennedy told the paper in an interview conducted Friday.  Kennedy said the bishop had explained the penalty by telling him "that I am not a good practicing Catholic because of the positions that I've taken as a public official," particularly on abortion.  Report: Kennedy barred from communion by bishop - Yahoo! News   Yes! Now do that with the rest of the Biblically-challenged, spiritually-inept Kennedy family, and all the rest of the pro-abortion Catholic democrats. So the bishops finally did it. They've been threatening to do that for years.  Well, I guess it's time to yank their tax-exempt status from them. We could definitely use the money to pay for health care and rebuilding our nation's Bush-destroyed infrastructure.
A leading company in infotech solutions providing the services  in Data entry jobwork, google ad sense, web designing and hosting. we are providing captcha entry work and add posting work from home. web site and blog also with google adsense approvel.(sarkar00ssd107)
I don't understand people who claim to be Christian and don't even know their own bible.   Why willingly follow an book when you don't know half of what's in it? Especially when a great portion of that stuff is just plain unpleasant and oppressive?  Nothing baffles me more than female Christians. You willingly follow a religion that says you're beneath men and should be treated as property. -_-   Nice going really that makes as much sense as a black KKK member.   That said I don't have problems with people having their own personal religion but when you try to piggy back on another religion and then either don't understand said religion or throw out the unpleasant bits (or only throw out said unpleasant bits that apply to you) I can't help but facepalm.
A leading company in infotech solutions providing the services in Data entry jobwork, google ad sense, web designing and hosting. we are providing captcha entry work and add posting work from home. web site and blog also with google adsense approvel.(sarkar00ssd107)
I was watching the Bill Maher show today and they had Jane Fonda on. She mentioned that she has recently become a Christian and that HER god is one that supports a womens right to choice. Now there are so many problems with this that I don't even know where to start. Not only that, I am saying this as almost a "newbie" Christian as in I don't know everything there is to know about the Bible. However, I do know that the Christian God that is defined in the Bible is against abortion. Many argue that the Bible is not what the Christian God is because it has been translated into a meaningless document. How is this true when we have so many of the original scrolls? Moreever, how can one claim what God thinks if they don't have anything to base it on? For example if you say the Bible is worthless, you are a Christian, and God believes abortion is ok...then how did you come to this conclusion? The Christian God talks about how one is created before they were put in the womb. God also talks about not killing. So if you wish to be Christian and for abortion you need to rethink one of those stances. God doesn't conform to anyone. Can you be a christian if you support: slavery birth control capital punishment war torture
How did something capable of creating such a complex and intricate thing come into being?  What happened before the big bang?
You have two sets of vision and hearing areas... only the outer most ones are used.  Is this true? I studied psych with several neurobiology modules and this never came up, the general thrust, as I understood it, was that people use their entire brains.   My understanding was also that the brain is rather plastic (malleable), and intelligence or other mental abilities give a pretty good evolutionary advantage, so redundant brain areas shrink or disappear rapidly.  If you could provide a reference I would find it fascinating.
He didn't have to " Strive" for Perfection because According to the Christian Faith He IS perfect. A Perfect Being would be incapable of Creating imperfection. If "God" is perfect then everything he says, or does is Perfect.. So considering the imperfections of Humans I guess it's safe to assume God don't exist.    Again, the Christian belief is that God is all knowing and all Powerful. If He is All Knowing, and knows what will happen from the day you are conceived, then every murder, suicide, and Abortion can be blamed on God. If he knows a Child will be aborted before it's born then what would be the purpose of allowing that child to be conceived?.. Just more Logical proof that God is a figment of man-kinds imagination.  God seems to have created a universe where it is impossible to be 'all knowing' and therefore ' all powerful' . That argument is about as valid as ' who made God' as if time had to be a factor in a being that created it.
Well God didn't actually create anything.. He would have to exist to do so. It was actually the other way around.. Man Created God.. it makes far more sense if you ask me....  Then your argument can only stop there. You cannot really argue about a being that you believe is imaginary.. I am not saying that you have no right to..just that your argument cannot have any conviction. By making a statement about God and when challenged abandoning that very statement and claiming he was an imaginary being confirms this. And yes, it does make far more sense..to you.
This post brings several thoughts to mind: 1) If she had the child, her mother "said" she'd care for it. This was the same mother who threw the girl out. 2) Why did the state advocate for her to allow the abortion yet NOT go after the FATHER ( the girl gave his age; it was statuatory rape). How do you support one law and not the other? 3) I don't know how a 13 year old could cope with the emormity of the situation w/out a strong, close family (that she didn't have). I think this would be a reason she "chose" to get rid of the "problem". [ I have seen former students of mine, from really tight, close families, have kids and get on with school, etc. Not that I support it, but I have seen it]  With so many couples (older, mature, married) who "want" kids, I wish some would step up and adopt thes kids who are being aborted. Sadly, they want in-vitro, surrogates, etc..............
Do you believe that, if we have the technology, we should resurrect the dead to walk the Earth as zombies?
Welcome. Hopefully you`re also interested in other topics than just abortion and religion. We have not had so many newcommers in the other forums lately :)  Edit: Hehe... night of the living dead...
[QUOTE=09dragonfly06]Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions.[/QUOTE Welcome to you from the conservative South.
Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions. I suggest running while you still can emoticon_xclown   Nevertheless, welcome. :)  Do you believe that, if we have the technology, we should resurrect the dead to walk the Earth as zombies? Sigh....what a bad question.
Do you believe that, if we have the technology, we should resurrect the dead to walk the Earth as zombies?  I guess I could easily answer it though...no
Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions.  Hmm. Does that mean that you are against the death penalty?
Could you let her answer for herself
If one believes that abortion is wrong but dealth penalty is ok is hypocritical then someone that believes that abortion is right and dealth penalty is wrong would also be hypocritical. You could use a math forumla to show this (it would like multiplying everything by -1) however that would seriously confuse everyone.
A newborn child does not totally depend upon his or her mother. It's always handy for the newborn if the mother survived and is available with her resources for the child, but anyone who knows how to take care of a newborn infant could provide care and nurturance for the child.  Just a little bit of what it's like in the real world for all the Kool-Aid drinkers.  In most cases newborn children are totally dependent upon their mother. In all cases they are totally dependent.   There are horrible cases where the mother neglects the child for various reasons and no one knows about it until it is too late (these cases are far more frequent than people realize). Many times these cases go undetected. These newborns were totally dependent on their mother and there were no other resources for them.  Though resources may be available, they are not necessarily utilized, and a newborn can't say, "hey mom, how 'bout letting anyone who knows how to take care of a newborn infant provide me with care and nurture."
In most cases newborn children are totally dependent upon their mother. In all cases they are totally dependent.   There are horrible cases where the mother neglects the child for various reasons and no one knows about it until it is too late (these cases are far more frequent than people realize). Many times these cases go undetected. These newborns were totally dependent on their mother and there were no other resources for them.  Though resources may be available, they are not necessarily utilized, and a newborn can't say, "hey mom, how 'bout letting anyone who knows how to take care of a newborn infant provide me with care and nurture."  A newborn is totally dependent - but it does not have to be dependent on its mother. That is not true for a fetus.
  PS For an Aussie, your English is quite good and I agree with some of your positions.  Holy cow! So you are an Aussie now? In various other forums you have claimed to be Chilean, German, and God knows what else....whatever suited you at that moment. emoticon_rolleyes
Apart from crisis intervention, what healthcare does an Emergency Room offer a poor child with a chronic life-threatening condition such as .... asthma?
They treat the crisis, not the chronic condition.
And how would you know?   I have obviously garnered greater knowledge of the subject than you.
..  I am taking leave of this forum for a while, a long while I think.  Got it. A long while is 12 days.  CIAO
ArticleArticle
Which, keeping an unhygenic clinic or mishandling biological waste?  Eating a fetus
I am glad you know about the Holocaust though......There are a lot of people in your age group who believe it never happened........  I dont know and wouldnt say that people believe it never happened, but more that they just dont know about it, or just dont care.
I dont know and wouldnt say that people believe it never happened, but more that they just dont know about it, or just dont care.  Not exactly
Thank you for pointing out my spelling.......Like Will Rogers I am just and old country boy and spelling was never one of my better skills.......  I am glad you know about the Holocaust though......There are a lot of people in your age group who believe it never happened........Golly, gosh, oh gee, VOR, so you're just one of those old rednecked, spittin' tobaccer all over the carpet, manure on your boots in the house and pissin' wherever it pleases you, and not too concerned about that bothersome old thing called eddication er whatever the heck it is.
I figure it's better to err on the side of caution and attribute personhood to possible persons, foeti, as well as to paradigmatic examples of personhood.
No philosophy is not a science. Philosophy is a mixture of the branch of maths known as logic and subjective human thought. Science has to use philosophy at times, but does so with caution as it is often an imprecise discipline.Philosophy is not a science. But science is a type of philosophy: one based on the assumption of empiricism, cause and effect and so on. In a sense, science is far less precise than philosophy, as it makes a host of assumptions. However, many philosophers do present things in a somewhat subjective way.
I disagree. The scientific method replaced the old empiricism ways of pre-modern scientific knowledge advancement with a precise mathematical based method removed from philosophy. The scientific method takes empirical data and subjects them to statistical analysis. It is the result of the statistical analysis that progresses knowledge through science, not the empirical data.Empiricism always analysed the data. Obviously modern science is more sophisticated than 18th century 'natural philosophy', but it is still a continuation of the same process  Quite the opposite. Science seeks to minimise the assumptions, the variables, the subjectivity of pure empiricism by the use of the precision of statistic analysis. Done properly, science is as precise as it can get.Empiricism is itself one of the assumptions made by science. It is very 'precise' but only within the immense assumptions. This is also true of, say, the metaphysics of the scholastics which is now largely discarded.  Only "many"?Well obviously pretty much any written work is somewhat subjective. But thinkers such as Hume and Kant and more recently Russel and Wittgenstein deal with things in a very precise (if, like science, often wrong) way.
Empiricism and 'natural philosophy' suffered from subjective "gut reaction" conclusion, rather than objective analysis via maths. Sure it is a continuation, in the same way that heart transplant surgery is a continuation of bleeding patients to balance their humours.Well, science is also vulnerable to gut reactions. You can't simply analyse data and have a scientific theorem. There's always a level of hypothesis dictating how the data is analysed and what data you choose etc. And a better comparison is that Newton's calculus is a continuation of the algebra that had gone before  Is it? It is more the case that science assumes the phisical universe exists and is measurable in a repeatable way. Beyond that, the need for empirical data becomes a limitation of science, not an assumption.Those are two huge assumptions, and both rely on the assumption that our senses can inform us accurately about the world. This is what empiricism is. Science also presupposes that logic is correct and that cause and effect exists, neither of which is covered by empiricism.
Why would "the rich" need to have an abortion? They can afford nannies, so your argument is weak prima facie. Because the rich can't be bothered to waste their time being pregnant unless they actually want to have the kid.  So having kids and personal responsibility will lead to the destruction of the family unit? Quite the contrary. Back in the 50's and 60's, when teenage girls became pregnant, they got married and became YOUR parents and grandparents because abortions were illegal. Fathers "did the right thing" because they didn't have an easy way out and the liberal culture of illegitimacy hadn't caught hold yet. Having an abortion is taking personal responsibility for your actions.
It's not narrow-minded, it's incredibly far-sighted.   Think of all the manufacturing jobs lost overseas because American workers value themselves too highly to do such repetitive labour.   But if they're desperate because they've just knocked up a woman and need to take responsibility for it, they'll grab that tedious underpaid job that their college tuition was spent to avoid.   But more likely they'll just **** off and leave the woman to raise the child on her own.*  Yay responsibility!  *I've known single mothers to be able to live off of student loans and charity quite well actually.
Health of the mother is clearly a "self-serving" reason, and since when did we adopt some manner of altruist ideology where morality is determined by self sacrifice and working to one's own benefit evil.
When one's own best interests involves killing an innocent.  So it's ok to kill an innocent if you do it for reasons you deem to be altruistic, or unselfish?
Yes, it depends what system of rights you use. If we are using some manner of socialist system of rights, where everyone has the right to live at the expense of everyone else, clearly the child has the right to live at the expense of the mother. If we use some classical liberal conception of rights, where each individual is held to have self-ownership and is not beholden to provide for others, clearly the child does not have the right to live at the expense of the mother.
One has to exist to have free will  Correct, but one does not have to have a "right to life" to have free will.  One can live without a "right to life", but it means they must either provide for themselves or have others voluntarily provide for them.  If you have no right to live then what good would any other right be?  If you take care of yourself instead of having others be forced to take care of you, a "right to life" in no way assists you in living.  The advocates of a "right to life" do not apply it consistently, or appear to understand what it means outside the context of pregnancy.  Africans have a right to life as much as fetuses do, and you are violating that right every time one of them dies of starvation.
Existance is more fundamental then free will.  Correct.  Right to exist/life is more fundamental then a right to free will or a right to autonomy.  This does not follow.  If one's right to life is not secured then all other rights are jeopardized.  If a right to life exists it exists as the only right, since the implications of it are so broad that no other rights are possible. For example, a right to personal autonomy, private property or freedom of association are impossible, when all ones actions must support the lives of everyone else.  "To each according to their need, from each according to their ability"  vs   "Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness"  The latter does not depend on the former, they are incompatible.
Huh? If you don't have a right to live, you're dead. I don't know many dead people with free will, do you?  Osama Bin Laden, assuming he had a "right to life" to begin with, has presumably forfeited it, and yet still lives. Rights are moral entities, they are not magic powers that slay you should you not possess them, or protect you from harm. Most people do not have the US military, or any military force, after them, so I would give them an even better chance of living without a right to life than Bin Laden has.  It certainly does. It prevents others from taking your life without grave consequences to them.  The right not-to-be-killed is not to be confused with the right to life. The right of self-ownership / personal autonomy is also inclusive of the right not to be killed. The right to life extends beyond this and demands that not only each person not be killed, but if they are to die, should be kept alive by others', against those other peoples' will.    How are we violating Africans' right to life by not taking any action against them? Or are you claiming that but not acting, we are actively depriving them of their rights? That's a real stretch. I'm not aware of any right that demands others to take an active part in securing it for an individual. The same can't be said of abortion. It takes an action on the doctor's part in order to violate the fetuses right to life.  So you believe a mother is not required to actively provide nutrients to the fetus she is carrying in her womb, and if she ceases doing so, perhaps by refusing to eat, until her fetus dies, she is not at fault?  It takes action, the cancelling of one's World Vision subscription to cease providing resources to starving Africans. Is someone who does so, if their previous recipient of resources subsequently dies, guilty of murder?  So what do you mean exactly by a "right to life", merely a right not-to-be-killed, or a right to be provided with resources so long as they are required to maintain your life, or a right to have no one take any action which would shorten your life?
 Since some people will break a given law is a reason for throwing it out all together? The fact that people are going engage in a behavior anyway is irrelevant when it comes to the legality of the behavior in question. Decide the whether the behavior itself is acceptable or not, then follow through.  Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government - its sole useful purpose is the joy of retribution on those we despise. We can almost view it as a kind of surrogate God, who weighs sins, and grants boons or condemns, without regard to the consequences of its actions.
Perhaps you could read the post I was responding to, which I will quote again for your benefit: The fact that people are going engage in a behavior anyway is irrelevant when it comes to the legality of the behavior in question  Tell me Sartre, if people have abortions regardless of whether they are illegal or not, how does a law against abortions prevent the killing of feti. Hint: It doesn't.  Would you support a law against abortion if it did not save a single fetus? Would you support a law against abortion if it resulted in more feti being killed?
 Explain how this is possible.   I can't foresee any scenario in which that would occur, so the question is too absurd to answer.  It's a hypothetical question, whether or not it's actually "possible" is irrelevant, use your imaginations. Its aim is to stress test your moral program. Maybe a group of militant feminists repeatedly gets impregnated and aborts in protest to the new laws, it isn't important to the question.  Presumably, JPSartre, you would support a law against abortion that resulted in more feti being killed - you aren't some kind of wishy-washy moral relativist, are you?  At the risk of repeating myself Symbiote: Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government JPSartre: No practical purpose?! I'dcall preventing the killing of fetuses practical. Symbiote: Would you support a law against abortion if it did not save a single fetus?  JPSartre: Yes. Since I'm not a moral relativist. Symbiote: Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government.  And so I find my original claim, which you objected to, was correct, that you two support laws which serve no practical purpose, the law must simply reflect your moral ideals.
Isn't cruelty a motivational state, like taking joy in making someone else suffer?
There isn't much of a case to be made that a newborn child is self-aware, so say my developmental psychology studies anyway. An infant doesn't even possess a language, even an internal language, capable of articulating ideas like "conscious" or "living" or "individual", it doesn't understand that it has a body that it controls. I don't know if you've ever lived with a baby, but it goes through a period of self discovery where it learns to use its muscles, it learns in fact it has muscles.
I have noticed arguments for allowing abortion tend to fall broadly into two camps:  Some claim that the foetus is in some way in itself different morally to a fully grown human  Others use arguments such as the 'violinist argument' to say that person A cannot be compelled to allow another person B to use A's body to sustain B's life.  Where do those believing abortion should be allowed on this forum stand?
Just wondering because I believe that the woman should be forced to support the violinist and not the foetus...
Also, do you yourself believe in the 'violinist argument' and if not, what problems do you have with it?I don't support it, largely because my idea of ethics is not rights-based and, essentially, I would prefer to be forced to be plugged into someone else for nine months than be killed because someone was able to cut me off in the same situation.
Yeah, that's why I'm OK with the abortion and not the violinist. I consider the violinist and the mother to both be ethically comparable to me. Not the fetus.
Well, as I see who needs who as essentially chance, any ethics based on universalisation or considering people's interests equally would seem to recommned remaining plugged in.  If someone said to you: 'you can have a world-famous violinist plugged to you for nine months or you can die', which would you choose?
If someone said to you: 'you can have a world-famous violinist plugged to you for nine months or YOU can die', which would you choose?  ...............................
The analogy is not applicable. It should read:  You, as a world famous violinist can have some random person plugged to you for nine months. You may die, and will experience physical pain and discomfort as a result of this. If you choose not to have this person plugged to you, they will die. Which do you choose?  The original analogy might as well read:  I am a fish? Pumpkin.What I actually meant was that you can have the damn violinist plugged to you:you may die, and will experience physical pain and discomfort as a result of this. If you choose not to have this person plugged in, YOU die.  It's not an analogy to the woman's situation, it's based on the principles of universalising ethics: is the discomfort of being plugged in (pregnancy) worse than death?
It puts you in the position of both the woman and the violinist. My argument is that you should make moral decisions essentially blind to the difference between yourself and the other person. I am neither a violinist or a woman, but I think that if you abstract away from the situation, then the effects of pregnancy are considerably better than death   My point is that if the fetus is accepted as equal, then I reject the pro-choice argument based on rights.
This is based on utilitarian principles which I rejectActually, the idea of being essentially blind to the difference between Self and Other exists in deontological ethics, religious ethics... for this reason I am ignoring (b) and (c) which belong in a utilitariansim debate. a) Value is subjective. A feti's death or an mother's forced pregnancy are not inherently "good" or "bad", they are a matter of personal judgement. A legal system based on your ideas of good or bad is merely the imposition of your value system onto others who do not share it.Well, of value is subjective, you can't say me imposing my value system is wrong  d) You seem to think of the law as a sort of divine intervention that transforms human action into accordance with moral code. Legislation is a threat, nothing more. You are not saying "Women should not have abortions", you are saying "Women should not have abortions, and those that do should be imprisoned"....I'm talking about the ethics of abortion, and whether the personhood of the fetus is the ultimate issue. Not about practical legislation e) Finally a charge of hypocrisy, you are posting on this board instead of saving lives, by your own principles you should be legally punished for this action. A system which by its own principles should have advocacy of it punished seems to me to have inherent problems.The concept I could be out there saving lives is a tad oversimplistic. And even if I could, the idea that there would be no point when arguing such principles would: 1) cause good by spreading ethics 2) be harmless as nothing better can be done In any case, at a practical level there is a difference, just as there is a difference between watching someone drown because you don't want to get wet and failing to volunteer to drive lifeboats  In contrast, a rights based system built on the principle of self-ownership does not carry these problems - it is firstly value-free, and so compatible with the subjectivity of value, it does not attempt impossible interpersonal calculations of utility, it does not require any knowledge of the future, it can be consistently advocated, and it does not require a totalitarian state apparatus to enforce.If it is morally binding, its not value free. It requires mental gymnastics which lead to clearly non-optimum solutions (such as having to starve someone to death rather than directly kill them, use a more damaging treatment that stops the woman supprorting the fetus rather than killing it etc.) The rest of your points seem to assume my  1) utilitarianism  2) belief that an ethical belief can immediately be implemented as law
I agree. God will take care of the baby after it is born, so momentary discomfort is the only issue.   I think making moral decisions blind to the difference between ourselfs and others, not looking to our own interest first is good, but I'm worried it leads to communism, which is bad.  God bless.OK, this is either disturbingly simplistic and pro-life or a slightly less simplistic attack based on misunderstanding of both my argument and position. Please clarify.
Sorry, what I mean is whether your pro-choice, pro-life or whatever position is based on the belief in the fetus as a person.  I know pro-choicers who, at least theoretically, accept it as a person and pro-lifers who don't.
some claim it is a full 'person' whose rights must be equally balanced with others'. I was wondering if any pro-choice people could accept such a definition and still support abortion (as in the violinist argument)
I believe your system is a variety of utilitarianism, but however technically you might argue that point, it is certainly a variety of consequentialism to which those arguments equally apply.Why is the principle of seeing others as equal to yourself conseqentalism? It exists in Jesus' Golden Rule and Kant's categorical imperative as well as utilitarianism.  And it doesn't require total knowledge: we should make moral decisions just like we make decisions about ourselves: I don't KNOW that my choices for myself are best, any more than those for others.   Yes I can, because I do not believe judgments of right or wrong are value judgements. So the imposition of your value system is wrong, regardless of how I, or anyone else, values that imposition.Well what's a value judgement then?  If you do not believe this ethical system can be "implemented by law", in what sense do you "reject the pro-choice argument"?I think that it's morally unconvincing.  It seems to me you want a consequentialist argument "death" is worse than "forced pregnancy", without recognising the inherent problems with consequentialism.I never assumed consequentalism.
PM the admin and have him do it.
Nevertheless whether such an allowance by law would result in social acceptance of abandonment is certainly a tenuous position. Certainly in eskimo societies, when there was not enough food to go around, babies were indeed abandoned. But most groups, not under such extreme harsh conditions, even when there is no legal threat, I expect would not provide social acceptance for abandonment. Maybe I just give people more credit tha n you do.  This practice was common throughout Europe until the late middle ages. And it probably continued in Eastern Europe for a fw centuries. It was not only due to food shortages, but also used as a method to improve the male to woman ratio and to avoid conflicts regarding inheritance. The roman-catholic church forbade the practice and managed to make it illegal in most (if not all) european countries. Nevertheless the practice continued for quite some time. I think you give people to much credit if you think that they are uncapable of hidous acts based on material self-interests. But wether legislation matters or not, I do not know.
That is a blanket statement that does not apply to all &#8220;believers&#8221;. I am a believer in God &#8211; the God of Moses and Abraham &#8211; and I don&#8217;t think God exists in the realm of time or knowledge. What do you mean by God doesn't exist in the realm of knowledge?  I don't think God talks. Hmmm. You believe in an all perfect being who has no ability to speak. Even more notably, you believe in the God of Abraham and Moses, the one who said "Let there be light" and there was light.  You may believe that so-called &#8220;forming process&#8221; began &#8220;before conception&#8221;, but that is a personal belief. I happen to believe that the &#8220;forming process&#8221; does not exist in a time continuum. Could you expound this a little?  That is your religious view, and that is fine, but that is not the only religious view. There are religious views that say that man cannot know the &#8220;mind&#8221; of God. God brings things into material manifestation and removes them from material manifestation&#8230; at what time and through what vehicle and for what reason are beyond our ability to know. And this represents your religious view.
This is the view which drives the pro life movement: That the creator created human beings in His image and imparted value, meaning, purpose, and dignity. I will argue that it is the view which presents the highest view of human life, and thus the highest view of women. This view allows that there is inherent dignity within each human life and therefore everyone should be treated with dignity and respect. And, even if they aren't, their life has value. This value was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.You also have to acknowledge that the Creator in his infinite wisdom placed the ovum and the biology necessary for gestation with the female of the species. To claim that someone else has the right to dictate to the one whom the Creator chose to give dominion over this procreative process is to demean not only the female but the wisdom of the Creator as well. If he thought that it should be handled differently he might have had us hatched from eggs like chickens. This dominion was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.
The predominate view which is at the heart of the pro choice movement is secular humanism. Everything has happened by chance and therefore mankind is a random wart on the face of a random meaningless chance universe. Therefore all human life is just the sum of its parts and is no better than dirt. It has no inherent meaning. Therefore, women have no value - they are no better than dirt.Women have not only value but also meaning and divine responsibility. God joined the human person with the biological system required for gestation and parturition which is needed for the flourishing of the species as he directed in Genesis. The female is what God created when he joined these two essences. Wresting that from the female by imposing compulsory gestation and forced parturition is demeaning to that creation of God.
Therefore, the view which predominately drives the pro life movement places a view of women that is exceedingly and abundantly trancendent above the view which predominately drives the pro choice movement. The pro life view of women is of a different quality and order.Therefore the view which predominately drives the pro-choice movement places a view of women that is exceedingly and abundantly transcendent above the view which predominately drives the ant-choice movement. The pro-choice view of women is of a different quality and order because it trusts a Creator who gave women dominion over the ovum and trust the female of the species as the Creator did.
Sorry Howard, but the responsibility that was given to the woman to care for and nurture her child does not include a liscense to kill it - as much as you wish it does. This has been proven to you.  Why dont you revive the old thread if you want to talk about this again.    This thread is about the pro life camp having a view of women that is exceedingly higher than that of the pro choice.If you think that people are going to let you get away with this holier-than-thou pseudo-religious, self-righteous tone, you are mistaken. You deny God's creation, deny free will and run to mommy government to give you your way. God made woman. God gave women a free will and no campaign by anyone that wants to change that divine creation and gift should be allowed to stand unchallenged.
chloe  You wish that a divinely imparted responsibility to nurture and care for the child included a liscense to kill it. But... it doesnt. quit trying to manipulate.I am simply making it clear that you do not know the mind of God. You do not know his infinite wisdom in placing the ovum and biology necessary for gestation and parturition with the female. God gifted things to the female unique to her and gifted her with a free will as well. As Jesus said, "What God has joined together, let no man put asunder." That is exactly what you are proposing and then arrogantly claiming some superior position.  Like i said, open the other thread back up if you want to go back to that topic.  My responses is to your thread. You may not like what I am saying, but it is perfectly valid - or do you think everyone is just supposed to shut up and kneel where you tell them to?  This thread is about the pro life camp having an exceedingly higher view of women than the pro choice.This thread is full of false claims and faulty reasoning and religious misrepresentation.
chloe:  just cause you dont buy it doesnt mean it is not true.  Just because you say it doesn't mean it is true either.  I think that the fact that it is not really walked out in america proves that the majority of americans are not pro life (including a majority of those who actually claim to be pro life). This doesnt negate the truth though.The truth is that America is one of the most religious countries in the world and a majority of Americans know that God gave the female a free will just like the male. And we Americans don't like it when someone thinks they know better than we do when it comes to our bodies, our God, our doctors and our families.
this is at the heart at a predominate number of those who are pro choice. This is how they can be pro choice - because they do not believe that all human life is sacrad and has inherrent dignity.  I know that you recognize that the fetus is a human being, but at the same time you say that it this human life can be done away with for any reason and for no reason at all. This is not a very high view of human life.No, they believe that God gave us all a free will and that includes woman. They believe that no one can know the mind of God and why he gave the female of our species dominion over the continuation of the species. They believe that no one has the right to wrest that gift from the female.
chloe:go ahead open up the other thread - or are you afraid people may see what you are actually saying and what you are really all about. sorry that i have misrepresented the god of howard beale: that is - himself.  Ridicule and sarcasm - that is the response when you can't refute what someone who disagrees with you and points out the fallacy of your position says.  like i said, the responsibility given to the female to nurture and care for her child does not include a divine right to kill that child.Really? You know the mind of God?  also, like i said, this thread is about the pro life view of women being much higher than the view which drives the pro choice view of women.This is a thread about you misrepresenting the position of people who believe that God gave women a free will and you have no right to wrest that from them. You cannot expect to misrepresent people and them have them just sit silently.
I have already refuted you. open up the other thread.  I know the mind of the one true God in as much as He has made himself known through scripture.   However, I make no claim to know the mind of you.You refuted nothing. You avoided as you are now. Although here you admit that you really believe that you know the mind of God. That is stunning.   Your position is clear. You know God's mind and you are an instrument of the Lord and I guess all of those who disagee with you are disagreeing with God --we all are just Satan's minions I guess. Do you really believe that?
All human life has inherent dignity and value. sorry if you dont like that.And you know better than all of us, because, as you said, you know the mind of God.
only that which he has revealed in his word.And what do your scriptures say about abortion? Will you share that with us?
i cant believe it you people.  i am trying to tell you that you have inherrent value and dignity and you will have none of it.No, you are telling us that you know the manner shape and form that our dignity should be in because you know the mind of God and we should all just accept that.
this is the howard beale spin zone.  glad you are here so that everyone can know what i am actually sayingThe sarcasm again? Whenever you are asked to evaluate your position, to see how it might do more harm than good, you hide behind little sarcastic remarks.
Chloe:A belief in the God of the Bible is incompatible with a pro choice belief.I have asked you for your Biblical reference that supports your statement and you did not respond. I believe that you did not respond because there is no Biblical reference that supports your statement.
Cone:  Way to deny the antecedent. I think this post is meant to entice Chloe to respond to your irrelevant question. And, given Chloe's response throughout this thread, I think that you are stupid for trying to do so.Personal attack isn't going to work Cone.  Chloe has advanced a statement that the pro-life position toward women is higher then the pro-choice view of women. The topic is: is this the case or is this not the case? The topic is not why this might be the case or why it might not be the case.And she has referenced her religious beliefs as the foundation of her position.  Chloe has not declined to address your objections, she has invited you to open up your previous thread because your objections do not apply to the fundamental argument at hand, that is, that a pro-life position views women with more dignity and respect then the pro-choice position. If you don't want to focus on that, then you obviously don't have to. But until you do, Chloe has no obligation to address your off-topic claims.My questions are right on topic. Chloe refers to her religious beliefs and "scripture" on numerous occasions on this thread. Here are some of them:  #46: A belief in the God of the Bible is incompatible with a pro choice belief.  #44: -the God of the universe gives something he created true meaning, value, and dignity  In response to my post #33 "And you know better than all of us, because, as you said, you know the mind of God" Chloe responded. #34: only that which he has revealed in his word.  #29: I know the mind of the one true God in as much as He has made himself known through scripture.  #27: Do you believe that God created man in his own image - or do you believe that man is a chance?  I have every right to ask Chloe to substantiate the claims. The fact that Chloe (nor you) can is a reflection on your position and reasoning. Whining about my pointing it out is not a defense.
Cone:  It does not matter why she believes what she believes.  I don't think even you believe that. In the first post of this thread, Chloe states:  This is the view which drives the pro life movement: That the creator created human beings in His image and imparted value, meaning, purpose, and dignity.She gives the reason for her point of view and then doesn't want that reason discussed? I don't think you really mean that.  What matters is the view she has toward people, specifically women in this thread, stemming from that belief.You can't cloak yourself in the cloak of religious expression (complete with Biblical references - "in His image") and then states a position with the caveat that your reasoning is not open to discussion, only your conclusion. That is a bit disingenuous.   Chloe claims that her view values women more than other peoples view but when confronted with the fact that the consequences of her view actually degrades women by relegating them to the role of enslaved incubators, she avoids the issue. If one takes a position, one bears the consequences of that position.  Chloe has responded to your questions. She has repeatedly said "Why dont you revive the old thread if you want to talk about this again."This claiming to have responded when no response has been made is an interesting tactic. I don't recall any scriptural passage being posted on abortion that supports her view. This "I don't like you questioning my position, so go away" stuff isn't going to work.  Chloe has invited you to revive your old thread if you wish to discuss those issues again. You have not done so. Borrowing from your reasoning... we can only conclude that you don't want anyone to answer your questions.I attempt to answer every question asked of me as directly as I can. I would like others to do the same, however I can't control what questions someone chooses to answer, but I can and will continue to voice my point of view, objections to and agreement with other points of view posted on whatever thread I choose. I do my best to do so in a respectful manner.
Man cannot know anything absolutely. Absolute knowing is the province of God.  Man can believe  that something is absolutely true, but man cannot know it. If he could there would be no need for faith, because everything would be obvious.
The right of a state to choose if it wants to allow abortion or not is in the Constitution. Ever hear of the term "State's Rights"? The 10th Amendment states: "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people."                What? You thought this was a pro-abortion post? :)
Freedom! Liberty! Individual autonomy! Pursuit of happiness!  American values.  They may soon disappear.  Enjoy them while you may.  Fetal genocide, enjoy it while you can. emoticon_xkill  I guess some of us just don't share your spin. emoticon_rolleyes
That's cute - that you think it will be stopped by the activities of a bunch short-sighted suits on the east coast.  I don't expect all states to ban abortion. I just want the authority to do so placed back in the hands of the states to decide for themselves. That's where the Constitution says it should reside, not in the SCOTUS. I'm looking at patching the gaping hole in the Constitution created by judicial activists in Roe v Wade and Griswold.
I was actually talking about whether or not laws would stop it. I don't believe they will. I know the law will not matter to me one nit if I felt I had to have an abortion.  But you forget, I'm a strict Constitutionalist. Such an eggregious attack on the Constitution needs to be righted, IMO, regardless of whether or not one is in favor of abortions. It is a blight on the Court and the Constitution. :xbanghead
Talk about insulting one's intelligence. Don't you hate it when politicians wrap their kooky little laws into these highly sugar-coated titles that has more to do with making them seem appealing on the outside but hides the true intention of the context? It is purely propaganda and the law makers just don't want to call it what it really is; coercion childbirth. Hunt, be a man and just call a spade a spade for once.   I agree. He should have called it the "Don't suck the fetus' brains out bill". THAT would be more accurate, don't you think? emoticon_rolleyes   DNA testing can NOW establish a zygote different DNA then the woman? Good god...this guy must be living under a rock and yet someone elected him?  Now you know why he's a politician and NOT a scientist. :)
Where do you hear such things.  My Canadian friends love their health care system, get the same level of care I do, and do not have to wait any longer for an appointment or at urgent care than me. And unlike here - everyone has access it.  You keep believing that and if you ever make it do Detroit, I'll drive you around the local hospital's parking lots so you can count Canadian plates.  As for emergency care, name me one American that has been turned away and I'll show you a future millionaire. emoticon_rolleyes
I've heard of State's Rights. I agree this is a State's Rights issue.  Like this one:  http://blogs.salon.com/0002762/stories/2003/07/27/canCongressGetACluemedical.html  "In an attempt to claim that there is no medical need for marijuana, he then proceeded to include in the record the package insert from Marinol, a high-priced cannabinoid based drug that was speedily approved by the government (with the encouragement of the pharmaceutical industry) for use in easing many of the same symptoms that marijuana helps. He just conveniently failed to mention that Marinol is generally less effective, has worse side effects, greater dosage control issues, and is more expensive than marijuana."  Legalization of marijuana is also a State's Rights issue, is it not? No, it's a personal freedom, IMO.  If you're for States Rights, you should be against the DEA, or at least against its denial of medical marijuana (or any marijuana for that matter). The feds can regulate interstate commerce, but they can't regulate a plant grown in one state (in one house) and smoked in that same state (or same house). That's the State's job.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/06/06/AR2005060600564.html http://www.theocracywatch.org/states_rights2.htm The second link is a list of "conservatives" embracing state's rights when it suits them to speak about it, but escewing them when they are inconvenient to their agenda.  See above answer. I'd dissolve the DEA in a NY minute.  Yes! We need more Republicans in favor of impeaching Bush over warrantless searches. I recently learned that Clinton too authorized warrantless searches, but with court approval. Wow! The courts actually approved circumvention of the constitution, which states in unambiguous terms that there shall be no warrantless searches by anyone. Clinton should have been impeached and convicted based on that alone, but he wasn't. Which means, that likely Bush won't either. Sigh. Very gray area IMO. The president has lots of discretionary power during a "war". The question is "is this a war?"  Drive around a hospital in Kansas City, MO and I'll show you a lot of Kansas plates.   :) Last time I checked a map, KS was still part of the USA. Now, admittedly, they're a little peculiar, but American none-the-less. :)   Anyway, just to throw it in. I believe in States Rights as they are enumerated in the Constitution. Rarely are these rights recognized, or when they are, they are for the convenience of the powerful.  Now, THAT"s confusing. emoticon_confused Especially since State's Rights aren't enumerated in the Constitution. :xbanghead   Also, I believe that Roe is bad law. I believe in a right to privacy and that the Constitution spells out that right, but I really don't see what the right to privacy has to do with an abortion.  But how does the Equal Protection Clause come into all of this?  Show me where the Constitution spells out the right to privacy. I must have an editted copy. emoticon_wow
Are you calling my friends liars because they don't agree with preconceptions?  Perception is some people's reality. I prefer to deal with facts. Ask a Canadian why his/her country made private payer healthcare illegal. They'll tell you it was because people with money could get better care and quicker then the rest of the population as a whole and that's a bad thing for a socialist program. You have to dumb down care so that it's all equal. http://brain-terminal.com/posts/2005/06/14/canadian-court-cracks-private-healthcare-ban http://califmedicineman.blogspot.com/2005/06/canadian-supreme-court-weighs-in-on.html  Fortunately, the Canadian Supreme Court ruled that Quebec's ban on private care was illegal. emoticon_xgood  http://www.cbc.ca/story/canada/national/2005/06/09/newscoc-health050609.html  You see plenty of New York and Michigan plates in Windsor and Toronto, too. There is lots of back and forth on the border - live in one country, work in another, married couples one from US the other from Canada.   Cute. And I see Florida license plates in MI in the winter and I know they aren't there for the sunshine. emoticon_rolleyes   People need more than emergency care and any such care they do receive will mean a lifetime of medical bills. And remember - I was being denied medical care when I was pregnant until a social worker helped me trick the system. People in the US have had their entire lives engulfed by huge medical bills - jobs and homes lost, followed by insurance that won't cover you anymore becuase you are too sick. Even if the lines were longer (which I know they aren't - at least in the big cities) - I would consider it well worth it as long as I knew I would always have health care and would not have to lose my home later in life should a serious medical condition should arise.  The lines ARE longer. Even those who love the Canadian system admit that much. :xbanghead
Um, hate to point out the obvious, but when I mentioned my Canadian friends I am talking about Canadians I have talked to. My best friend is from Toronto - I have several other friends there, and in Alberta, Manitoba and Brittish Columbia. I spend several weeks a year there and talk to Canadians at least once a week  Once a week huh? Wow. I LIVE about 15 minutes from the border and have daily contact with many Canadians both professionally and personally. Some do like many aspects of the program, but ask them how long it takes to get an MRI or CAT scan and you'll see where the system sucks. You can get a hangnail fixed in a heartbeat, but you'll wait til you're half dead for something sophisticated.  Well that is just silly. I was not aware Quebec did that.  I guess that you're just uninformed. You shouldn't develop your opinion of Canadian healthcare success based on a few friends' opinions. Read a little and you'll find all sorts of warts. (And I didn't even mention the exodus of good doctors from Canada to the US as a result of socialized medicine)  I am not sure what your point is.  My point wasn't that the cars are from elsewhere, it's that the people in the cars were there for a reason.  I don't know that I believe that (based on what Canadians I know who love the system have said), but even if it is true my earlier response stands. At least everyone can get it and not end up on the street if they get sick enough to run out of money for medical bills. Heck, I am on a big ole HMO and have waited 2-3 hours in to get seen before, even up to 6 one night. I f I wanted an appointment with my doctor it would be at least a month out. And I am in AMERICA.  If all you want/need is a family practioner, then Canada's the place for you. But, if you have a serious illness or need highly specialized diagnostic tests, you could die in the que in Canada. emoticon_wow
It is kind of funny how abortion has to do with a woman's body. And yet, if it was left up to the state: Congress: women hold 81, or 15.1%, of the 535 seats in the 109th US Congress - 14, or 14.0%, of the 100 seats in the Senate and 67, or 15.4%, of the 435 seats in the House of Representatives. In addition, three women serve as Delegates to the House from Guam, the Virgin Islands and Washington, DC.  Only 15.1%...  So that means that 276 men (51 Senate/ 225 congress) will be needed just to pass a law that has to do with a women's body...and if its something that could be bad for a woman and/or unfairly good for a man then they can get no where near the amount of senators/representatives needed to supress it....    [66.6666-15.1 = 51.56666--(535/100)(51.56666)=276]   (http://www.cawp.rutgers.edu/Facts/Officeholders/cawpfs.html)  I love it when people manipulate statistics in order to attempt to prove a causal relationship that doesn't exist.  Considering the fact that more women vote than men, one could argue that their views are over-represented.  Women Voters Key in 2004 Presidential Election Eligible women may be more likely to vote than men  By Darlisa Y. Crawford Washington File Staff Writer  An eligible woman voter is more likely to cast a ballot in the next presidential election than her male counterpart if a pattern identified in the 2000 election continues. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 61 percent of eligible women voters cast a ballot in the 2000 presidential election. That level of participation is higher than the 58 percent of eligible males who voted.  http://usinfo.state.gov/dhr/Archive/2004/Apr/14-284075.html 
What a lovely statistic...first off, JP said "STATES" referring to the 50 states we have here in the US. Secondly, Roe vs wade was decided by 9 men (or 6 if you wanna do who actually voted for it). Nice strawman though.  Beware of statistical spinners. emoticon_xgood
jitobear:  For the sake of the thread, JP's remarks about Canadian health care are fairly accurate. They do cross over to get major health care if they want it done fast. In some cases we have services not available in certain parts of Canada. I live on the Canadian border and see the same thing.  Waxy knows quite a bit about Canadian healthcare, but JP might have riled him up.  What?! Me?! Rile up Waxy?! emoticon_wow He's a pussycat. I've been firing him up for years now. And we agree on many issues to boot. emoticon_xhoho
The fact that an anti abortion judge was nominated and is expected to overturn roe is a prime example of an agenda that the conservatives said they didn't have. The "agenda" was to appoint a judge that believes in the Constitution's definition of the Judiciary's function, not to appoint a judge who thinks the SCOTUS is a superlegislative body. If Roe v Wade is overturned, it will be because it is Anti-Constitutional in nature, not because the new Justices had an agenda.  To interfere with a womans decision about an aspect of her body is an example of not minding ones own business. Conservatives want to control peoples sex and moral lives. You can not deny this. I could point to many examples and quotes of conservative republicans that want to pass laws that will effect the lives of people who do not share their moral beliefs and force people to live by their moral standards, which I consider to be evil and corupt.  You speak in such black and white terms. If there aren't any shades of gray then do you favor pedophelia, drug usage, selling human organs, prostitution, etc.? All of these represent controls over peoples' sex and moral lives.
Have you read the study? Thought not.  But since you are so confident in your ability to insult people I will challenge you to a debate in the debate tournament forum. We can make the topic "Did the study show a link between abortion and mental health" I will say that it did. You can take the negative.   You can pay for the study if you wish but I will not provide it for you as that would be illegal.  It is time you put your money where your mouth is Linus...I am sick of your attitude.   Can I be a judge? emoticon_xgood
You and Bassman want to judge :) thats fine with me... I think I would get Joe from they gay forums as the third just to try and get a liberal'er' judge in there.  Steeeeve, a fair judge doesn't judge based on his own beliefs. That's what got us Roe v Wade in the first place. :)
That's almost a joke; an avowed Christian evangelist and life-long practicing Catholic judging a public debate on abortion when the real issue is discrimination against womens rights. Why not debate reverting slavery as a states right?  Georged, I'm amazed that you were able to post to this thread before Daewoo did. I figured that you two must have been Siamese twins there for a while, with him having the superior typing skills. :)
Ah, I was wondering what motivated your vote in the Clive14 vs. The Skeptic debate ;)  No need to wonder, read my analysis. http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=154088&postcount=14  Also, two of the three judges agreed that that the personal attacks detracted from the overall content of the debate. That was also a factor that I noted in my overall observations.  One more point, you assumed that I voted for The Skeptic because I'm also a Creationist and was, therefore, biased towareds him. Well, you'd be wrong. I'm NOT a Creationist, so your insinuation of bias is, therefore, also false.  Next time you want to take a shot at me, load your gun first. You look silly shooting air. emoticon_xkill
That is because a good sum of what you post flies in defiance to your beliefs.  Wow, is this middle school? Sorry, I am secure enough in my position to not be wavered by such an adolescent comment.  You are now changing the subject, a distraction tactic, weren't we talking about this study and out of nowhere you attempt to coercion me into replying on another forum by questioning my gallantry on responding on another equally public forum? The fact that you have changed the subject shows you can no longer hold your claims and you seek to change the tone for a possible advantage. Why is it that those with the inferior position try to bring the superior party to the bargaining table? So far you are the one who has given up debating your stance...not I. I have stood firm and await your reply.   I'm confused. Does that mean that you will debate Steeeve or that you're still "chickening out". emoticon_confused :)      You should try to be a "sports official" here. So far I have only seen you make some of the craziest and most sensationalist claims on this forum. I would never hand the title of "objectivity" and "judgment" to someone who is so extremist and deep rooted in their position.[/QUOTE]
..... I'll respond to it when I feel like it...perhaps I might not just to irritate you. I dislike pushy people and that try to be assertive.  I see your cheerleaders Bassman and JP are here to support you in your lose....too bad not for your rhetoric. Hey, what are friends for? LOL!  So, instead of debating in a public forum with three judges, you prefer to debate thin air and declare yourself the winner? You're a legend.....:xbanghead
I was not commenting on anything to do with the "insults" bit.    Well, you be wrong as didn't take you as a Creationist. Thats not the bias I saw ;)  Now, you're groping for excuses. How sad. emoticon_cry
No it surely isn't. In fact, you can probably stop marrying people in a state if you wanted to. Not a federal issue.  Federalism is something that probably needs to be taught in schools these days.  Touche. emoticon_xgood
There is no medical procedure called partial birth abortion.  There is a procedure called intact dialation and exrraction.  Politicians make up names designed to turn public opinion in their favor. :xcensored  And pro-abortion advocates like to use clinical, sanitary terms for sucking the brain out of a partially-born infant. Partial birth abortion is a factual representation of the procedure used. The infant is partially delivered before being killed. If the infant comes out a few inches further, it would be infanticide and a punishable offense for the doctor performing the abortion.
And enslave women.  If that's enlightenment. . . . .  Preventing the murder of the most vulnerable IS enlightened. emoticon_xgood
I never knew that preventing someone from killing someone else was enslaving them...kind of a bad definition don't you think?  Feminist rhetoric can only get one SO far. emoticon_wow
Men would have no problem if they only impregnate women who are willing and able to have a child. Ask first.  Unless they're raped, I believe they do. emoticon_confused
It would also be interesting to poll pro-life advocates to determine how many adopted children are living in their households. Orphans from the African Continent alone would probably eliminate US need for reproduction for several years. Anyone want to bet that of all the pro-life posters on this forum less than 1% have adopted orphaned children?  I have three children of my own and my wife has had zero abortions. Are you attempting to say that anyone who is anti-abortion can only be so if they adopt orphans? Maybe you should rethink that tactic. I'd bet that most pro-life advocates already have kids. There's no Litmus Test that says you have to adopt orphans to be Pro-life just as there is no Litmus Test that says you have to have had an abortion to be pro-abortion.  Do I have to adopt a drunk to be against drunken driving? emoticon_confused
RTL backed three bills that were recently passed in the Georgia Senate:  One requires an ultrasound prior to abortion.  Another protects pharmacists if they refuse to fill prescriptions for drugs that end pregnancies.  The third allows prosecutors to charge people with causing the death of a fetus, REGARDLESS OF THE STAGE OF PREGNANCY.  *******************  I think the first will make legal abortions more expensive and will add to the number of backroom botchjobs, the second will have little affect on anything, the third will renew the argument relating to when life begins.  I dismiss the second and third as irrelevant. The pharmacy thing is ridiculous IMO but I can respect someone's personal views getting in the way. I don't understand if the third means that by abortion you can be charged with causing the death of a fetus, or if by kicking someone in the stomach you get charged with the death of a fetus. I thought that was already in place? But the first...I don't understand if there is any logical thinking behind it. Anyone help? emoticon_confused
I spent some time in Augusta. I'm not the least bit suprised.  What the **** is RTL?   Rifle totin' lunatics?
I thought it was just good practice to do an ultra sound before an abortion, so you could identify how far a long the fetus is and whether or not the fetus was in the fallopian tubes....
Jim Trucking: you say that the cost of ultra-sounds will lead to an increase in "backroom botchjobs", that may be true but is it really for the best? Backroom botchjobs not only harm the unborn child but also the mother. How is it logical to harm both child and mother? Seems irresponsible to me. I believe that was his point Aivlis.
No.   First of all that is what she is - regardless of how short the relationship or whatver the reason it ends. Secondly - there are even mothers, good ones, with wonderful children, who may choose to abort later in life.  Wow. At least I could wrap my mind around the concept of someone who didn't want a baby, and therefore aborted it, because they don't want to be a mother. But someone who calls herself a mother and doesn't want the baby . . . holy cow.   I agree with JP here--he never said she "wasn't" a mother, he said it was hypocritical, and it is--because the aborting woman doesn't want to be a mother. And regarding your second example, a mother who has a had an abortion (or would) and doesn't regret it sure wouldn't be raising MY children. I flat out wouldn't trust such a person with my kids.
The 1983 Congressional page sex scandal was a political scandal in the United States involving members of the United States House of Representatives.  On July 14, 1983 the House Ethics Committee concluded that Rep. Dan Crane (R-Ill.) and Rep. Gerry Studds (D-Mass.) had engaged in sexual relationships with minors, specifically 17-year-old congressional pages. In Crane's case, it was a 1980 relationship with a female page and in Studds's case, it was a 1973 relationship with a male page. Both representatives immediately pleaded guilty to the charges and the committee decided to simply reprimand the two.  However, Rep. Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) demanded their expulsion. On July 20, 1983 the House voted for censure, the first time that censure had been imposed for sexual misconduct. Crane, who subsequently apologized for his transgression, lost his bid for reelection in 1984.  Studds, however, stood by the facts of the case and refused to apologize for his behavior, and even turned his back and ignored the censure being read to him. He called a press conference with the former page, in which both stated that the young man, who was 17, consented. Studds had taken the adolescent to Morocco to engage in sexual activity, and therefore did not break any U.S. laws in what he called a "private relationship."[1] He continued to be reelected until his retirement in 1996  Ironically, the age of consent in Massachusetts is 16. The age of consent in Illinois is 17.  Obviously, there is the issue of sexual harassment and superior / subordinate relationships and legality, but from just the age of consent issue (assuming Morocco), it was legal.
A more accurate reflection of the Foley situation, IMO . . .  http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01
A more accurate reflection of the Foley situation, IMO . . . http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01  "more accurate reflection"??? ROFLMAO!  It ALLEGES democrats might have known something with no evidence shown... (making vague references to anonymous "enterprising blogs" without giving ANY evidence isn't "evidence")  ... and then the artfully tries to shine the spotlight on Democrats and ANYTHING ELSE BUT Foley and this current situation...   I guess by those standards, I find the following to be a rather "accurate reflection" of Foley...  Republican Congressman Mark Foley abruptly resigned from Congress after "sexually explicit" emails surfaced showing him flirting with a 16-year old boy.  Republican executive Randall Casseday of the conservative Washington Times newspaper was arrested for soliciting sex from a 13-year old girl on the internet.  Republican chairman of the Oregon Christian Coalition Lou Beres confessed to molesting a 13-year old girl.  Republican County Constable Larry Dale Floyd was arrested on suspicion of soliciting sex with an 8-year old girl. Floyd has repeatedly won elections for Denton County, Texas, constable.  Republican judge Mark Pazuhanich pleaded no contest to fondling a 10-year old girl and was sentenced to 10 years probation.  Republican Party leader Bobby Stumbo was arrested for having sex with a 5-year old boy.  Republican petition drive manager Tom Randall pleaded guilty to molesting two girls under the age of 14, one of them the daughter of an associate in the petition business.  Republican County Chairman Armando Tebano was arrested for sexually molesting a 14-year-old girl.  Republican teacher and former city councilman John Collins pleaded guilty to sexually molesting 13 and 14 year old girls.  Republican campaign worker Mark Seidensticker is a convicted child molester.  Republican Mayor Philip Giordano is serving a 37-year sentence in federal prison for sexually abusing 8- and 10-year old girls.  Republican Mayor Tom Adams was arrested for distributing child pornography over the internet.  Republican Mayor John Gosek was arrested on charges of soliciting sex from two 15-year old girls.  Republican County Commissioner David Swartz pleaded guilty to molesting two girls under the age of 11 and was sentenced to 8 years in prison.  Republican legislator Edison Misla Aldarondo was sentenced to 10 years in prison for raping his daughter between the ages of 9 and 17.  Republican Committeeman John R. Curtain was charged with molesting a teenage boy and unlawful sexual contact with a minor.  Republican anti-abortion activist Howard Scott Heldreth is a convicted child rapist in Florida.  Republican zoning supervisor, Boy Scout leader and Lutheran church president Dennis L. Rader pleaded guilty to performing a sexual act on an 11-year old girl he murdered.  Republican anti-abortion activist Nicholas Morency pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography on his computer and offering a bounty to anybody who murders an abortion doctor.  Republican campaign consultant Tom Shortridge was sentenced to three years probation for taking nude photographs of a 15-year old girl.  Republican racist pedophile and United States Senator Strom Thurmond had sex with a 15-year old black girl which produced a child.  Republican pastor Mike Hintz, whom George W. Bush commended during the 2004 presidential campaign, surrendered to police after admitting to a sexual affair with a female juvenile.  http://www.armchairsubversive.com/  Yup. Sounds like an "accurate reflection" of Foley to me... :)
Foley has revealed that he is gay. I say, "So what?" So is Barney Frank. At least he's honest about it.  Believe me, Barney Frank is nothing for the gay movement to be proud of, either. He's had his own problems with the law for fixing parking tickets.
Simone, are you going to sit there with a straight face and tell me that the Republican Party has more perverts than the Democratic Party? That's a stretch, even for YOU. emoticon_wow  If you want to start comparing lists, I'm game. I started the beginning of that one web-site's list.  What do you have on yours?  Or is just throwing out the allegation all you've got?  You claimed that amassing such a list for Democrats "wouldn't take long"... You willing to dedicate some time to put some proof behind your claims? Or is most of your time going to be spent in empty claims, with no substantiation...
I could have added Clinton to the laundry list, too, but I was sticking to Congress. :)  Apaarently a lot of Demoncrats knew about Foley too; some (such as myself) find it highly suspcious that this scandal took place right before an election. From what I've read some people in the gay movement have known about Foley for a long time. Kind of makes it ring hollow when Dems are now acting like they only want to protect these young congressional pages.
Apaarently a lot of Demoncrats knew about Foley too Is there anything substantiating this claim beyond claims of "internet bloggers" with none quoted?   From what I've read some people in the gay movement have known about Foley for a long time. Kind of makes it ring hollow when Dems are now acting like they only want to protect these young congressional pages. And would you mind substantiating this claim as well?
Aren't you sorry that you asked? :)  1) All we're proving is that there are people breaking the laws in both parties...  2) Have you been to the web-site I linked? There are a lot more than just 10 listed there...
Is there anything substantiating this claim beyond claims of "internet bloggers" with none quoted?  And would you mind substantiating this claim as well?  http://www.americanthinker.com/articles.php?article_id=5907  http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01  "As long ago as 1996, online commentators and articles in the alternative media had mentioned rumors that Foley is gay" - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Foley
http://www.americanthinker.com/articles.php?article_id=5907 http://news.yahoo.com/s/ibd/20061002/bs_ibd_ibd/2006102issues01  Ahhh... The tactics of some how blindly toss out links, quoting nothing within the link... I've come to realize that it's a sign that there is no smoking gun (and typically no smoke and no gun)...  The first link has, at best, this comment... But Foley's opponent somehow got wind of the story which had appeared before only on a very new, utterly obscure blogsite and demanded an investigation. ABC then picked up the story and when it did , further anonymous sources with far more salacious and troublesome evidence appeared on the scene. What an amazing-and unlikely to me-turn of events. So the author finds it "unlikely", and that's the best we got... Here's a news flash. Perhaps the owner of this "utterly obscure blogsite" was a fan of the Democratic candidate, and e-mailed him a copy of his findings along with posting it on his web-site... A possibility... And such possibilities usually come from Jyoshu, but I guess ONLY IF it's an anti-gay perspective making gays look worse or anti-gays look better... If this were a REAL news article, one could hope that somebody would actually ASK THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE's group how they came by the information. But to do that would be to give the democrats a say in this editorial's attempt to put a bad light on democrats. Couldn't have that... emoticon_xdonno    As for the second article... It's in the BUSINESS section with author "Ibd". Investor's Business Daily? Inflammatory bowel disease? I'm leaning towards the latter... It gives NOTHING of worth on the actual issue of Foley and your accusations. It asks questions of "What did democrats know?", which it doesn't even pretend to try to answer. (It does give plenty of innuendo though...) It then proceeds to toss out names of Democrats who HAD NOTHING TO DO with this issue. Nothing at all.  So THIS is your proof of your allegations? Two articles that HAVE NO EVIDENCE to back up your claim?   As I said, I'm coming to realize that when people just blindly toss out links, they are trying to hide something by just providing innuendo that they have substance. I take it by your tactic of just tossing these links out that you're not even going to respond further to pretend they prove anything? Or are you capable of showing how you think these articles in any way support your claims?   "As long ago as 1996, online commentators and articles in the alternative media had mentioned rumors that Foley is gay" - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Foley The issue was on Foley's PEDOPHILIA. Not whether or not he was gay... This is completely irrelevant...
I wondered why I saw nothing about the Foley/Page brewha ..... silly me, I didn't look in the Abortion topic.
The website initially pushing the Foley story was CREW (Citizens for Responsibillity and Ethics in Washington, IIRC). It received over $100k in support from the Open Society Institute, which is fronted by, you guessed it, GEORGE SOROS. Now, anybody that doesn't believe that the Foley scandal was orchestrated by Democratic operatives to maximize the negative impact on Republicans must be living on a mushroom farm. :)   http://www.citizensforethics.org/index.php http://www.soros.org/about  Even if this were true, it DOES NOT MEAN anything. Did Soros make Foley hit on the under-age boys? No.  Is this proof that they knew of Foley's inclinations? Hell no.  The whole "Foley scandal was orchestrated by Democrats" XXXX sounds about as mindless and "conspiracy theory" as saying that George Bush orchestrated 9/11.
The website initially pushing the Foley story was CREW (Citizens for Responsibillity and Ethics in Washington, IIRC). It received over $100k in support from the Open Society Institute, which is fronted by, you guessed it, GEORGE SOROS. Now, anybody that doesn't believe that the Foley scandal was orchestrated by Democratic operatives to maximize the negative impact on Republicans must be living on a mushroom farm. :)   http://www.citizensforethics.org/index.php http://www.soros.org/about If the Foley scandal can be blamed on Democrats, then the Clinton/Lewinski scandal can be blamed on Republicans. You can't have it both ways. Republicans shouldn't dish it out if they can't take it.
How about holding the individuals involved accountable and not pinning it on political parties?  Individual personal accountability without political leveraging onto others in the same party who did not commit the offense? What a bizarre idea... emoticon_xhoho
How about holding the individuals involved accountable and not pinning it on political parties? When Republicans paint themselves as the party of morality and exploit any immoral act on a Democrats side to justify their claim, then it is more than reasonable to think that Democrats would similarly have a political say about the immoral acts of prominant Republicans.  I agree that the best system would be to only hold that person accountable which commits the immoral act and to not politicize such acts. However, if you hold those views, then you need to hold your own party accountable as well to such political exploitation. Otherwise, your views would be hypocritical.  On edit: I posted a bit too quickly without checking that it was you, jitobear, not jyoshu or jpsartre12 who was responding. Since, I think, you are a Democrat, the last paragraph was irrelevant to you. However, it stays valid for those Republicans who criticize the Democrats' reaction to the Foley scandal.
Depends on what your key issues are, I think. They tend to be more aligned with conservatives on money issues and liberals on social issues - so if you are fiscally conservative but pro-choice and pro-gay rights....it may be the best party for you. This brings up a question for me. What is considered "fiscally conservative" nowadays? If it means being tight on the purse-strings then it appears that neither party is particularly good at balancing the budget - one spends on un-necessary military adventures (with a trend toward borrow and spend), the other is more open to social spending (with a tax and spend trend), and both engage in pork barrel spending.
Just throwing this out there.   Assume that there is a way to abort/remove/extract the fetus from a woman without killing it  As a pro lifer would that be acceptable? As a pro choicer would you feel that still respects the woman's body?  I'm aware that this technology does not exist and there would still be the problem of storage and ownership, but I don't think it is crazy to believe one day down the road we'd be able to do this.   The technology is actually very close. Here's an article about artificial womb's from the San Francisco Chronicle   ECTOGENESIS  Development of Articial Wombs  Technology's threat to abortion rights Sacha Zimmerman  Sunday, August 24, 2003   Cornell University's Dr. Hung-Ching Liu has taken steps toward developing an artificial womb by removing cells from the lining of a woman's womb and then, using hormones, growing layers of these cells on a model of a uterus. The model eventually dissolves, leaving a new, artificial womb that continues to thrive.   In Japan, Dr. Yoshinori Kuwabara, a professor of obstetrics at Juntendo University, has created an artificial womb. He has successfully delivered goats from this artificial womb after just three weeks of gestation. Kuwabara says that, with enough funding, his ectogenetic chamber could be ready to use on a human fetus within five years.   Roe vs. Wade is predicated on two basic ideas: a woman's right to privacy (including the right not to be pregnant) and the viability of the fetus -- defined as the ability to survive outside the mother's womb, currently placed at 24 weeks of gestation.   Complete ectogenesis could dismantle both of these premises. First, it could make Roe's viability issue moot because with ectogenesis a fetus could be technically viable outside the mother's womb from the moment of conception.   That would surely impact the other idea underpinning Roe: a woman's right to privacy. With ectogenesis, an unwanted fetus, rather than being aborted, could be removed from a woman and placed in an ectogenetic chamber to be adopted later. The woman's right to privacy would arguably not be invaded because removing the fetus to implant in an artificial womb need not be any more invasive than the abortion she was originally seeking.   As bioethicists Peter Singer and Deane Wells write of ectogenesis in their book "Making Babies: The New Science and Ethics of Conception" (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1985), "Freedom to choose what is to happen to one's body is one thing; freedom to insist on the death of a being that is capable of living outside of one's body is another."   The pro-choice movement is ignoring the prospect of ectogenesis at its own peril. If and when ectogenesis becomes a reality, it will redefine the abortion debate.   Just consider the issue of viability: 41 states ban abortion after viability. If ectogenesis is achieved, will abortion become illegal in each of those states? Many pro-lifers will certainly be prepared to argue yes. Isn't it about time pro-choicers start thinking of what they will say in response?   Sacha Zimmerman writes for the New Republic, where a version of this article first appeared.    Here's the full article:  http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2003/08/24/IN273768.DTL  or google "artificial womb's", you'll find plenty of news articles on the subject.
Just throwing this out there.   Assume that there is a way to abort/remove/extract the fetus from a woman without killing it  As a pro lifer would that be acceptable? As a pro choicer would you feel that still respects the woman's body?   Why do what you mentioned?  Annie
This is the biggest fallacy done of these forums. Being male has nothing to do with it because I know many females with the same views as me and the original poster. So right there your arguement is irrelevant. Even more so though, we all understand the situation because we were all once a fetus. I guess, by your own admission, that if you are white you can't say slavery is wrong with any authority. Furthermore, if you were supposed to be aborted and were not yet you are a male you have no say in the issue.   LOGICAL FALLACY   I agree with Steeeeve. To say that just because someone is male is sexist. I disagree that because some women make this argument, that it is invalid. This is attacking the person because of there sex, and not dealing with the argument. If males cannot have a say on this subject, then the Roe v Wade decision should be overturned. If I remember correctly, most if not all of the Justices where men.
Why? What has caused you to believe such things? wow, I never thought a qoute would be so stupid as to compare it to a house. Fine then what if I compare your head to a house that is housing ur brain. But it would be perfectly legal to rip it out and steamroll it on the street for allto see. (by ur rules of course this would be a perfectly acceptable thing to do)
We probably run in many similar ways as mammals, but we are still seperate. I personally think that putting humans in the mammals section of the animal kingdom is an idea born from evolution, so no. Humans aren't mammals.    well by definition, humans are mamals. It doesn't matter how they evolved or even if they did. The classifications, reproducing via sex and having hair (I don't think these are the only qualifications but they are the most obvious), are true for humans, so humans are mamals.
I agree with the first argument
In response to Scifmania, Symbiote states:  "So you're a sociopathic killer who keeps his murderous impulses in check only through fear of god? Are all christians similarly inclined?"   I am new to these forums but it seems to me that Scifmania's response went right over Symbiote's head. Scifmania's point is that if there is no God, there is no reason for anything. Let's eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow, or in a few years, we die. One should spend one's life pursuing pleasure or whatever one wants, with no concern or regard for others except to the extent they can further one's own pleasure/happiness. We die, we turn to dust, and that is all there is.   Those who believe in a God, whether the Christian, Hebrew, Islamic or some other religion's God, generally reject that view as it reduces us to mere animals, actually less than animals, for animals do not hurt others for enjoyment, or kill out of jealousy, etc.  Some of the foremost evolutionists alive today have written that if evolution is right, then there is no God, indeed can be no room for a God, that we are ourselves God, and responsible to no one but ourselves.  Hitler believed that, as did Stalin. Have you ever read Hitler's book, Mein Kampf? In there he talks extensively about Darwin and the theory of evolution and survival of the fittest. What Darwin's theory did, for people like Hitler and Stalin and others who have come after them, was to eliminate God from the universe and when God was eliminated and they became, in effect, their own Gods, they then went out and practiced what the theory of evolution preaches, survival of the fittest. Hitler excecuted/exterminated Jews, homosexuals. the old and infirm, the mentally retarded, gypsies, in short, anyone who did not fit his definition of "the fittest". He believed that all Caucasians, except Aryans, were sub-human and worthy of death. He felt the same about people with yellow, brown, red, and black skin--all were sub-human to him and so it was okay in his mind, and the millions who followed him, to try to exterminate them.  In the world that we would have today, had those two monsters, either of them, succeeded in imposing their "evolutionary survival of the fittest" world upon humanity, the kindness, the nurturing, the caring, that we have for each other, the way we take care of the elderly and the sick, the way we try to save animals and plants from extinction, all of that would be gone and we would live in a brutal world where whoever is in charge sets all the rules and if you do not like those rules, accept them or be eliminated.   Stalin killed 40 million of his own people. Hitler had 6 million of the "not fittest" by his definition gased and cremated, men, women and little children. World War II led to the deaths of some 60 million people. Since then, there have been others that have slaughtered people--Mao Tse Tung, Pol Pot of Cambodia, etc.   It is religion that gives people hope that there is something better than the suffering and evil, along with good, that we experience on this planet. That was Scifmania's point.
And yours aren't faith? And why can't a faith also be a fact?  faith: 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) : complete trust  Do you really need that question answered?   I'll ask you though, do you support the freezing of fertilized embryos? In all my experiences, I have only run across TWO people who have ever tried to really debate that issue from the "No" side of your question...  Everybody else that has a position regarding "life begins at conception" stance often avoids it like the plague...
Faith can be fact. You have a faith in science yet you call those facts. emoticon_rolleyes  You keep trying to equate your "faith" with science, which is based on reproducible proof, evidence, and fact. It's really kind of funny.   Even so, is a fact yet to be discovered not a fact? Yeah. Just like Atlantis is still a continent even though its never been discovered. By your logic, the "fact" that god exists and the "fact" that god doesn't exist have both "yet to be discovered"...    See above example. Undiscovered or "no proof" doesn't mean something doesn't exist and isn't a fact :)  It isn't a fact until its proven. Otherwise, we can claim that the exact opposite is also a fact, can't we?   Even so, what science do you think is "fact" in this situation....oh wait, you don't have any. Snide and boring. Trying to take me grossly out of context, achieving nothing. We were talking about your claim that "faith" can be "fact". You might have better luck trying to claim that faith can be TRUE.  Facts need substantiation. Labelling an unknown as "fact" is virtually an oxymoron.
can you prove that proof exists? No, its faith. Good try. Pathetic reply. Yes. I can "prove that proof exists". What issue do you think you're talking about with regards to a pretense that I can't?   No, but one of those is a fact...eventhough no one knows it. The reality already is here even if we don't know it. You've just neutered the idea of "fact" by that statement. Turned it into something it is not. It would be more accurate to say one of those is TRUTH, even though no one knows it. You keep trying to confuse the concept of "truth" with "facts".   No. fact is a truth and truth already exists even if you don't know it. 2+2=4 even if you are 1yr old and don't know what addition is. Fact is a truth that can be proven. It isn't JUST a "truth". I think that's the whole pivotal problem with your efforts. You're trying to pretend that the words "fact" and "truth" are automatically interchangeable. They aren't. While facts are truth, the other way doesn't hold true. A truth doesn't become "fact" until it is proven.   So you can't find the "science facts" that were referred to? Simone said there were "facts" not faith...what "facts"? You don't know do you? Be more explicit in what you're asking. I'm talking about what I read in your statements. I don't know what you are attacking in Simone's statements, nor am I defending them. I am saying YOUR statements were wrong.
How can you prove that proof exists without using the proof that you are trying to prove exists? See how "begging the question" that is. It's not "begging the question". If I wanted to prove I have a car, I would point to the car to prove that. If I wanted to prove that I had a job, I could take you to my place of work to prove that.  You're getting to damn existential for this conversation to make any sense. You're complaining about proving that proof exists "without using the proof"?  That's akin to demanding that I prove the existence of a chair without pointing to that chair. I think you've lost all track of reality with that response of yours above.  Why should I not point to the "proof" I say exists in order to prove it exists??? I don't get that...   It can mean a "known truth" but it can also mean " something that actually exists; reality; truth". But if you can't SHOW that it actually exists, how can it be a "fact"? It's like trying to prove the existence of a unicorn without pointing to a unicorn. To prove it exists, you need to prove it exists.   For one this doesn't matter, and two...see above. For one, it DOES matter. Or should I just say that none of your arguments matter, and that you should see the above. Great way to ignore the meat of my argument...   WHAT!? This whole thing started because of Simone. Don't try arguing when you don't even know why you doing so...geeze. This certainly explains a lot though. YOUR "whole thing" may have started with Simone. My "thing" started when I read one of your statements.  I know why I am arguing. I am arguing against your statements. Don't try to pretend that I need to defend Simone's arguments. I don't. If you can show a context where my comments don't refute your statements, that would be relevant. But blindly demanding I defend Simone's statements is nonsensical. I don't need to.  When Matthew replies to a variety of the articles he does, do YOU have to defend the person he is talking to in order to criticize his remarks? No? Get it?
You obviously don't deal with philosophy books too often. The idea that everything has some bit of faith is not a foreign one....it requires an understand that you really can't prove anything for sure. Thelmoose had the best response to it, and I'm not even going to try to do better.  I will add this though... Such a level of "analysis" overlooks the reality of the situation, whereby you ignore the fact that you have no objective evidence for your position, and you ignore the objective evidence for the other position. It's a tactic I see more and more with conservatives to eschew the knowledge (with objective evidence) that exists to try to pretend that it has equal footing with beliefs which lack objective evidence or have doubtful evidence.   the meat of the matter is actually that Simone is using a faith. If you're talking about "science", then you're just plain wrong. I realize you won't admit that, and I also see that nobody else is in the same boat as you trying to pretend what you are, so I'll leave it at that.  To try and denigrate science as a "faith" is nonsensical.   then this argument is over....if you aren't on the topic of abortion (Simone was) then why am I even bothering. Looking at your statements, I see virtually nothing actually talking about abortion anymore. The fact that you want to drop this with me is not surprising...   No, but atleast state remotely on topic. Dang. This whole time I was under the impression that you were defending Simones "science" and you aren't. In fact, it was a basis for a majority of my comments. Do you not agree that it is a pointless debate when the two parties involved differ on what they think the argument is about? Like I said. If you can point to some CONTEXT whereby I was misunderstanding your statements due to CONTEXT, then it is important.  If you are making sweeping generalizations about science being a faith, and not isolating your comments within a specific CONTEXT, then no. I don't agree.  You were arguing that science takes faith. I disproved that with the definition of faith. A firm belief in something for which there is NO proof. You tried to obfuscate that issue by ignoring the word PROOF, and focus on the meaning of "facts". Science HAS proof. Whether or not you want to "believe" it, it has objective proof that can be independently verified. Faith does not.  And now you're trying to derive significance from your misinterpretation about how I was supposedly doing something I never even hinted at? If you think your own failure to recognize that I was not doing something I never hinted at made you incapable of debating this topic, then that's your own opinion. I think I did fine on my end.
No, I am talking about simones posts..keep up. I am keeping up. I am keeping up including the post where you claimed this argument was over. Aren't you keeping up with what you yourself have said?   yet "thelmoose" all but said that and you referred to him....is their no faith in science or is their faith? "all but said"??? Must be Steeeeve-speak for "interpreting whatever I want to"...  Science depends upon what can be shown and proven. Objective and independent verification.   yeah, because you can't keep on topic. I can't keep on topic? The last mention of abortion by you is two pages ago. You haven't had a problem with THIS topic up until now. And it seems now that the reality of "faith" vs science is being exposed, you want to drop your previous statements and get back to "the topic"...   I just did show you...this whole conversation is based on Simone saying her stance is based on "science" and yet it was not. Irrelevant. If you had JUST said that Simone's stance was not based on science, I wouldn't have even bothered responding. What you DID do is try to denigrate science by pretending that it's as trivial and arbitrary as "faith". THOSE are the comments that I am responding to.  And they ARE NOT based on what you claim....   Thats not what a faith is but if it floats your boat go with it. How quickly you forget. That comes from the DEFINITION of "faith". faith: 2b1 firm belief in something for which there is no proof http://www.m-w.com/dictionary/faith  If a person has evidence in what he says is true, then it's not faith.   Proof. What is proof? You established what a real "proof" is? Hmm, seems you have faith that proof really is proof. And here we go again with this inane double-speak, pretending that I can't point to my car to show that I own a car.  How about you stop with this pointless and meaningless reply, and show WHAT YOU CLAIM science has said is "proof" that isn't actually "proof".  We could "prove" that water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen via electrolysis, but then what? Would your response be to just claim that I can use "proof" to "prove" something?   You hinted at it by responding to a post not directed towards you. What other context do you think I could take it? I "hinted" at it. i.e. Steeeeve interpreted what was convenient in something I never said or actually "hinted" at. These posts aren't e-mails Steeeeve. They aren't "directed" at anyone. People can pop in and reply to anything they want. It's funny how you are endorse a strict interpretation of the constitution, but you take such liberties in interpreting other people's words...
I can admit to having faith in the scientific method. What exactly is the "religious method"?  1) Cling to the rules and ideals of people who claimed to have "heard" God thousands of years ago.  2) Ignore any evidence to the contrary, and try to denigrate the research of others as just "belief" itself.  3) Eventually have later generations admit that the issue that "religion" told you had to be one way, only one way, and it was inconceivable to be something else, was just a misinterpretation of text and not important. Or just ignore the bible passages and hype on new ones.  4) Lather.  5) Rinse.  6) Repeat...
 Science has been wrong before and will be wrong in the future but you have faith in science which is fine...go with that.  Science has been wrong before and will be wrong again. Why? Because we can prove it. It is based on evidence, not faith. Basically, you disproved the point you have been trying to make with this post. Religion cannot be proven either right or wrong because it isn't based on evidence, just faith. And faith doesn't require anything but belief. I can call the sun a God all day long, but it doesn't change the fact that it is a star. Which can be proven. Does this make sense yet?
Jyoshu, can you please explain to me how religion plays a part on both sides? We all know how religion comes into play on the pro-life/anti-abortion/christian side. I believe most pro-choice people look at abortion from a more scientific and realist view VS. a moral stance...even though morals do come into play for both sides.   Bell, I completely agree with everything you said. I'll just say that one of my biggest beefs with the pro-life side is their religious stance. I feel that because not everybody has the same religion it is not fair for Christians to think that they can impose their beliefs on the rest of the country just because they are the majority. I suppose that is my biggest concern because most of the main-stream religions make me want to vomit (Christianity, Fascist Islam), just the way I am.   Originally Posted by Steeeeve  The major flaw in the pro-choice camp is that pro-choice is based on selfishness. emoticon_xgood   That is not really a fair or well thought-out statement is it Steeeve? I don't think that you can attribute one solid answer for any decision that someone makes, especially such a difficult one that contains so many levels of emotion and decision making. Your thumbs-up smiley face disturbs me also, when discussing such a touchy subject I would assume that someone would take it a little more seriously.
OT...does anybody know where you can download or get the whole episode of 30 days? I'd like to watch them but can't stay up late enough. Thanks!
Hmm Jyoshu, I don't think I've heard that argument from pro-choicers. Could you please explain their argument and why they think it is the "christian" thing to do and how you disagree with their argument or provide some facts.   I suppose it wouldn't surprise me because there are so many types of christians....some more radical than others and some who don't really follow the bible at all.
Abortion is a private matter. It is not the concern of the Church and State.  It depends on how a particular State sees the matter. The state may decide that abortion is a crime, therefore it is a matter of the state.  The same applies to the Church, if it considers it a sin, and the Catholic church does, then it is also a religious matter.
Frankly, I think that Jesus doesn't care what women decide about abortion.  Well, Jesus is dead, OK, maybe he resucitated. My question is: Was abortion practiced during Jesus's life?
Bell Quote: Of course there is nothing wrong w/ religion being a defining force behind someone's views. Or lack of religion. Whatever your ideology is you base your decisions on, that's fine and grand. However, there is something wrong when someone uses only their religious/ideology views, which are not shared by all, to legislate morality to everyone.   Here Here!
Thats really irrelevant. The only question is:  Is a pregnancy a 'reasonable step' for someone to take before they are justified in relinquishing their duty of care?  Could you please elaborate?
I still don't understand what you mean by "reasonable step", we don't get pregnant just to have an abortion. Do you mean is pregnancy a reasonable REASON to have for relinquishing duty of care?
well Adept, what other kind of step can someone take before they are justified in "abandoning" or relinquishing their care. Pregnancy seems like a pretty reasonable step as seeing that it has everything to do with you and your body. You said that nobody has to take care of anybody, yet you don't think pregnancy to be a reasonable step. ?????
I have no idea what you're talking about Adept. Maybe I'm not the only one because not many people have responded to your post.
Like I said in another thread, the argument I hear most often from so-called "pro-choicers" is that you cannot legislate morality. Well then what CAN you legislate? Every law in existence is legislation of morality! By that way of thinking, then we should have no laws. If someone kidnaps and murders your 3-year-old child, then let's hope the murderer goes free because we cannot legislate morality!  Perhaps in the future you should check your facts before making assertions like that.  Good grief. This thread is more then 4 months old. Please do not resurrect Zombie threads. It's common courtesy on virtually every board.  Apparently you are new to the whole forum thing. One does not resurrect Zombie threads for several reasons. 1) Often the posters on them are no longer around, therefore making arguments aganist theirs is a waste of time and server space 2) It interrupts to flow of current threads 3) It is common courtesy to let them die unless they hold direct quotes or arguments necessary to a new thread  There's a reason I'm editing instead of posting a new response.
This is all well and good but if God told you that " If man can create it , it is not from God." then lets go with that. The Bible says numerous times that God "forms" you in the womb.   Or if you want to look at human life as a continuum then just see that God created Adam and there you go.  Perhaps He was telling you that man created abortion ;)
God spoke to her not you. Not nice to second guess God. Or are you suggesting?????????  What I am suggesting is very clear....God told her "If man can create it , it is not from God". Is that not correct? I am saying that perhaps she misunderstood what that means.  Even so, it seems many more people claim God told them abortion is wrong...so at the very least we got nothing :-D
This is all well and good but if God told you that " If man can create it , it is not from God." then lets go with that. The Bible says numerous times that God "forms" you in the womb.   Or if you want to look at human life as a continuum then just see that God created Adam and there you go.  Perhaps He was telling you that man created abortion ;)  Steeeve, do think that since God is omnipotent (if you believe this, I don't know) and created all, even within the womb, that within 'his' plan is abortion?   wvpeach1963, I really enjoyed your 'different' opinion. Thanks for sharing.
steeeve  But did God really tell people abortion was wrong or are they listening to thier local pastor?  How do you explain billions of people missing from God's plan's and that not throwing a monkey wrench in the whole thing?  sinjin, true , life can be beautiful , but unless you live alone and were raised alone , you have expierenced at least grief at the death of a loved one , havn't you?   Most live through far worse hell than that, they watch thier own children starve and die in third world countries all the time.  Many third world country people might ask God the same question I thought of one day. Why did I have to be born only to live in desperate poverty , and watch my children die at the hands of genocidial maniac's? Why?  Because we each have our place in Gods plan for man. Is why.  Did God really tell you? Did you even understand what was meant?
Steeeve, do think that since God is omnipotent (if you believe this, I don't know) and created all, even within the womb, that within 'his' plan is abortion?   wvpeach1963, I really enjoyed your 'different' opinion. Thanks for sharing.  I can't imagine a God that wouldn't be omnipotent...but yes to answer your question. As for "his plan"....this seems to confuse people...it may be a part but this does not make it right. If you know everything then you have to take into account things that will happen...so if you know abortion is coming you make it into your plan even if wrong. Murder is wrong to God but that is gonna have to be part of the plan too, no? Nevertheless, this gets into details that I don't think matter too much for this discussion.
It has come to my attention that shooter and proud is a very young person. haha, I don't mean to be mean...but wasn't it obvious?  Believe me the 24 year old you will look back on the 18 year old you and think boy was I way off base back then.  and the 40yr old looks back at the 24yr old and will think "boy was I way of base back then". It is what it is.
BTW, didn't you just say you were from the UK in your last post?:xbanghead   I feel compelled to clear this one up. The best way to think of it is that the country is the UK, like the US. It is made up of four components, which could roughly be thought of as States (though the analogy isn't perfect): England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales.   Hence I live in London, which is in England, which is in the UK just as someone could live in say Edinburgh, which is in Scotland, which is in the UK or Los Angeles, which is in California, which is in the US...
Yeah. It has always surprised me that Americans don't do British history at all. I mean we learn Roman history at school as the nation that 'founded' us, so to speak. I'd have thought it would be impossible to properly understand colonial America without understanding how Britain works...  That said I don't really subscribe to the popular 'bloody yanks' view over here for not knowing the setup. I doubt the vast majority of Brits could tell the difference between Holland and The Netherlands say. You know what you need to...  Geroged, yeah that's why the analogy isn't perfect. Because unlike states, the home nations are also countries themselves. So when asked someone would usually say Scotland/ England/ Wales/ N Ireland first and the UK second...  Anyway, we're a bit OT here. Abortion anyone?
Data. And it was Star Trek: The Next Generation not Star Trek II. Argh damn this useless geek knowlege that infests my brain...
I don't think it's post First Contact. Remember, way before the emotion chip made an appearance Natasha was his lover, and I think the pic is from that time-period. That style of uniform was not in use for terribly long.Agreed. Star Fleet Dress Uniform was white by that time anyway. I'd say it's season 1 or 2.    Why are we talking about this?!
Your comments concerning this issue are interesting. My purpose for entering this forum is to achieve a deeper understanding of this topic from your perspective and to discover ways that we might enhance the terms of coexistence between those who are pro-life and those who are pro-choice. This can only be done in a safe atmosphere of clearly established ground rules that promote respectful exhange and sharing of thoughts. I approach you from a position of curiosity and will listen in an attempt to understand and gain insight into your beliefs and concerns.
Your comments concerning this issue are interesting. My purpose for entering this forum is to achieve a deeper understanding of this topic from your perspective and to discover ways that we might enhance the terms of coexistence between those who are pro-life and those who are pro-choice. This can only be done in a safe atmosphere of clearly established ground rules that promote respectful exhange and sharing of thoughts. I approach you from a position of curiosity and will listen in an attempt to understand and gain insight into your beliefs and concerns.  Debates on abortion are not notable for their moderation, so it's unlikely that the ground rules you stipulate will be respected.  James.
What is the opinion of the forum on the new laws in SC and GA requiring women seeking abortions to have to view an ultrasound prior to the procedure?
 Furthermore, if a pot started talking to you then perhaps you should lay off of the pot yourself.  lol nice quote there :)
well posed question, another opinon. i've tryed to ask steeeeve that same question many times.
I personally would make third trimester abortions illegal for most cases except for a few exeptions, including high risk to the mother's life or severe health reprecussions.My sentiments as well.
All of these ideas are about picking a point though and it is the picking of a point that I disagree with.  Such as conception?
I simply mean a member of the species of "human." If something is a member of that species, it is a human being.When does one become a "member"?
Lets break this down. Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts, or consciousness or self awareness is what makes an embryo have rights. The Lifers say that it should have rights regardless of its physical state.  Now, if I sat a flower pot down next to you, would you tell me it should have rights and that we should make pot smashing murder? Probably not. BUT, what if that pot started to talk to you. Started to ask you questions about life, and started to ask you where it was and what its purpose was. What if you had a casual conversation with this pot? Now, obviously, this pot should have rights, am I not correct? No. The pot should not have rights. You, however, should stop dropping acid :)
 Anyway, what is the point of arguing semantics? Even if we were all to agree to your definition of the word person or human, so what? Definitions of words do not make morality unless, like you, morality consists of proclamations not meanings and reasons. For those of us who base our morality on reason, not proclamations, the reasons behind the arguements for or against abortion rights are important. To me, these discussions of official meanings of words are a pointless waste of time.  I've found that semantics take centerstage in many other forums (I agree it is a pointless exercise). It had thankfully not been the case here. Until now :(
Flower pots can talk really? Awsome will it talk to me.
Lets break this down. Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts, or consciousness or self awareness is what makes an embryo have rights. The Lifers say that it should have rights regardless of its physical state.  Now, if I sat a flower pot down next to you, would you tell me it should have rights and that we should make pot smashing murder? Probably not. BUT, what if that pot started to talk to you. Started to ask you questions about life, and started to ask you where it was and what its purpose was. What if you had a casual conversation with this pot? Now, obviously, this pot should have rights, am I not correct? Since I'm a hardcore trekkie (and I know quoting star trek isn't the best debate, but its a good analogy), I can relate to what Commander data was going through. In case you didn't know, Commander Data is an anderoid, a Robot. But, he is hard to tell apart from a human. When he was first being built, he was not considered a sentient being. He was a bunch of parts, but when those parts were put together and he was activated, it was then he was considered a sentient being deserving of rights. This can very much relate to an embryo. An embryo is in early stages. It is like commander data in parts. They did not consider data a sentient being deserving of rights. However once he was activated, the captain and the crew had to defend his rights on numerous occasions. An embryo can also be like a flower pot. Even though that flower pot may have the capability to develop intelligence, it lacks intelligence. But, as i said before, if that flower pot started talking to you, then it obviously has developed intelligence and is deserving of rights. The same goes with your computer. If it becomes self aware, and starts talking to you, it is then that it deserves rights.   Simply because an embryo shares some human DNA is no excuse to grant it an exception. I know many of you will bring up eugenics and the mentally ill, but the mentally do posses intelligence. Maybe not as much as you or I, but they still posses it.  Is a computer with AI deserving of rights?
what is this "evidence"? The fact that he doesn't think a rape victim should get an abortion? I'd like to see that one in a court case..HA  What if it were to show up at the Supreme Court?
This is the pro-choice worldview at its finest.  You're right. We should go ahead and throw every such child in the trash. They are too much of a burden on society at large. Come to think of it, most of the elderly are a burden on society much in the same way. Let's go ahead and off them too. And while we're on the topic, those folks sitting in wheelchairs really are burdensome on the pocketbook...  By the way, the child was black.  What does race have anything to do with it?! So the baby is less important because its black?!
How much money do we spend attempting to abort black children? 73% of Planned Parenthood clinics are in minority neighborhoods. Do the eugenics of Margaret Sanger and her institution persist? http://www.blackgenocide.org/planned.html  http://www.blackgenocide.org/black.html  http://www.blackgenocide.org/  this is what we brought up in the "slavery/abortion" thread...
How much did it cost to bring this child to a point of viability outside the hospital?  And, are we, as a largely repulsively Republican pennypinching society, ready to expend the funds for every such birth?  Take a look at this.. abortion is probably costing just as much... but since this child is black i thought id just put this on here..  "With 1/3 of all abortions performed on Black women, the abortion industry has received over 4,000,000,000 (yes, billion) dollars from the Black community."
Just curious, would you find anything wrong if someone wanted to eat any, to use your term, "not sentient" creature?  We eat cows, pigs, chickens, fish, and various other sentient animals every day, so why would not having the sentience make a difference?
And what is the percentage? I've heard that 95% of abortions occur in the embryo stage, or something around that.  I'm pretty sure the percentage is at aroung 1.8% or so. A very very small percentage.
Wait a minute, I thought most animals weren't sentient.  It really depends on how you define sentience, and what value you place on the sentience of each species. I would definately agree that most animals are not even close to the level of sentience of humans. Some that come close are the apes (our close ancestors) and dolphins (who are quite sentient).
I personally opted for abortion over adoption for two main reasons.  1. I had no intention to get pregnant. I faithfully took the pill, and by fiance always used a condom. Despite these precautions, we experienced that "percentage failure" of contraception. I found out I was pregnant several weeks in, and my fiance and I made our decision together.  2. We had no money. We are both in college (finishing up our Masters degrees in a few weeks now), and have enormous student loan fees as well as numerous other monetary problems. Right now the most we can do is finish up school and pay to keep our apartment.   Pregnancy is a very expensive thing (which is why I find it ridiculous that pro-lifers offer adoption as if it was such a great option, because adoption itself can be free, but they don't take into consideration everything before adoption), and we couldn't afford to have a child to give up for adoption let alone actually raise one.  To add to the obvious costs of pregnancy, there is also the loss of pay as I would not be able to work (I'm a geologist - this involves quite a bit of strenuous outdoors work), which would even further affect us.  Hope everything was clear to you, if you have any questions, just ask. Those were my reasons, and there are many many more that apply to different women in different ways.  What if the costs associated with the pregnancy were paid for along with a stipend? Would that have changed your mind? if not, why not. If so, why?  Huck
Right now, I might consider it, as I am now a few weeks away from my graduation. Back then, I would not, as I had just begun college (I was in my sophomore year for my BS - now I'm about to get my MS). However, there is also that other major part of my decision - I never had the intention to become pregnant, and we even took steps to make sure I wouldn't. That also is a major factor in any of my decisions on it.   Another decision that involves my work is that from about my fifth month on (acording to the doctors I spoke with) - I would be unable to work - that's four months, and while right now I am in good standing with my company and they might even allow me to do that, back then I was just starting out, and would be unable to do so.  So, I'd say that at the moment if that were to happen, and that I was paid a stipend (I know of no place near me that does so) and then gave the baby up for adoption, my fiance and I would seriously consider the prospect.  I know that in the future - in five years or so - we expect to be able to have paid off all our loans, and we will then consider actually having a baby.  So in summary - now I would consider it, but back when I had the actual abortion (6 years ago or so) I would not consider it.  That sounds like an honest answer. How did you feel about it at the time? How do you feel about it now? Just trying to educate myself more.  Huck
Thanks. I guess I need you to clarify your question a bit - what does "it" in your question refer to? There are two things that I can think that the word might refer to (how I felt about the abortion, or how I felt about adoption are the two possibilities), so I'll need you to expand on that for me to give you a good answer. ;)  I guess I am wondering about your feelings and thinking immediately prior to, during and immediately after making the decision and following through on it. It seems (and I have little experience in the matter) that it would be a very difficult thing to do.  Huck
Why is it selfish if a woman chooses to have an abortion so that her other children can have a better life?  Is that selfish? Are you so stupid as to believe that that is a selfish reason?  Why is it selfish if woman chooses to have an abortion in order to advance in her career?  Why don't you ask if a man is being self if he chooses to ignore his wife and children in order to advance in his career?  Do you ever ask that question? Do you have the balls to ever ask if men are being selfish when they tromp all over everyone else in order to succeed?  Do you ever ask that question?  Simone you do not help the position with such emotional rants. I believe your questions were more than adequately answered by others so I will not attempt to do so. However, please look at how you approach the topic. You do not advance the position and in fact, your defensiveness only perpetuates a stereotype that hinders.
She is no worse than some of the rants we hear from the other side. The the words "convenience" and "selfish" get tossed around with absolutely no serious regard for the details of women's lives and comments like "she should have kept her legs closed", etc. are equally ineffective emotional rants that hinder discussion and perpetuate stereotypes.  Generally speaking, I agree with you Jito. However, Simone rarely provides any kind of logical argumentation. The others I see do provide logical argumentation but they also throw in the emotional rants. It is usually a debate technique intended to throw the opposition into a frenzy on emotional points that add nothing to the debate. It is specifically a technique used by experienced debators. Simone's arguments are almost exclusively of that nature. She will only occasionally avoid them and use logic and evidence to support her positions. Her reputation for providing decent argument is low in this regard.  Yours is much better. Even in this post where you are clearly bothered, you approach it very level headed and without the hystrionics that frequently compose the posts of simone. You make a legitimate point and support it with reason and analysis.   I am faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrr more willing to see your side of things and to listen to you with an open mind. Simone's posts have a tendancy to shut the door to my mind before I even read them.  Others who say some of the vile things you referenced will typically turn me off once I read them, but I will usually push through the rest of the post so that I can read and evaluate that which does indeed have substance.  Also, I don't read everything. Not enough time in the day. Simone I take notice of because I have had arguments around such rants and believe she has some really legitimate points and would like to see her use them far more constructively so that they are given some due weight.  Huck
I would say that both parties have a case here. The clinic and worker were taped without consent which does violate CA law. Also, the video has been splashed all over the net on sites like YouTube and the like, plus broadcast on some major news networks. (The O'Reilly Factor showed the video last night.) Can't really dispute the fact that the law was broken when you have seen the video.   In the same respect, the actions of the planned parenthood clinic are deplorable. Instructing a girl claiming to be 15 years old to lie in order to circumvent parental notification and state notification laws is rediculous. Again, after seeing the video, there is really no denying what was said.   The only question I wonder about is if the video would be admissible in a court of law due to the fact that it was illegally made.
Oh yeah, christians hate sex samiinh. This is one of the most ridiculous things you've ever posted. And could you at least try to find an objective source if you hope to have any credibility around here ?  Then why is the US system of sex education based around the concept of danger where the European systems are designed around the concepts of choice, openness and pleasure?   Furthermore, why it is that while both have the same age of when teenagers begin sexual activity, the Europeans have lower abortion rates, lower pregnancy rates and lower diease rates?   Could it be that our programs are denying teenagers the information they need to make informed choices to lower their risk associated with inevitable behavior?
It turns out that Planned Parenthood has found itself in quite a debacle after an 18 year old college student video taped one of its counselors trying to encourage a deception in order to circumvent California law.  The 18 year old student posed as a 15 year old girl who got pregnant from her 23 year old boyfriend, an instance that is defined as statutory rape. California law requires that Planned Parenthood report such cases. However, this employee suggested that the student simply "figure out a birth-date that works" in order to make it appear as though she was 16 in which case there would be no statutory rape to be reported.  The story and video can be found here: http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewCulture.asp?Page=/Culture/archive/200705/CUL20070515b.html.  Given these facts, there is no doubt that the employee was trying to figure out a way to perpetrate a deception in order to circumvent the law. It is also true that the video taping of parties without their consent is likewise a violation of California law.  With that established, I would be interested in your comments.  Planned Parenthood should be a self sustaining organization. Paid for by it's customers only. Then they can tell whatever lies they want to and be sued like any other private entity.
Mayhap the objection originates from the disagreement over whether they will or will not do it regardless of what ye say. Many simply object to the defeatist suggestion that suggests since they are going to do it anyways, why not teach em about safety?  I believe there is a subtle difference in:  "In the event of a water landing, your seat may be used as a floatation device."  And  "Since we know the Captain is going to crash anyway, your seat may be used as flotation device."   With which airline would ye rather fly?
Either are better than: "Providing floatation devices is a defeatist attitude; a self-fulfilling prophecy. Therefore we do not provide floatation devices."   That seems closer to the philosophy Archangel supports.  Unless ye are embarking on the decision to fly expressly based on the possibility that floating seat cushions will be sufficient to save ye.   If the plane can't fly, why should I believe the seats can float? If you're going to crash, having a floatable seat seems to be one of my lesser worries. Rather akin to the "Safe Sex" argument. I would rather not crash than worry about whether my seat can float.   100% of airplane crash fatalities can be prevented by abstaining from air travel. The Floatable seat has a somewhat less stellar record.
As would I, but the argument provided already assumes that the flight was taken. The contention between Archangel and myself is what to do at that point. That one is not "emotionally mature" enough to handle crashing will not prevent the plane from crashing.  So bypassing the question of whether the individual is emotionally mature enough to board the plane, it then becomes a question of whether said "yute" is emotionally mature enough to deploy a parachute and whether the parents should be advised that said yute is about to bail out of the plane?  Completely beside the point, but since we're discussing air travel...when they tell parents to don oxygen masks before placing the oxygen mask over the child, does it bother anyone to muse on which of one's two children should be the first to receive oxygen?
We may have reached the limit of clarity this analogy can bring us. The argument here centers around dealing with the physical harm caused by the crash, not preventing the harm as the parachute would attempt to do. In that case the question is whether they should be left to flounder if that is what the parent wished or if a floatation device should be given in defiance of the parent's wish.  This would not be an exact analogy, though.    I heard a story, and I have no idea if it's true, that a mother who was attempting to escape the rising ocean in one of the tsunamis left a child behind so she could save the other (she could not carry both), and the one left behind survived. That's gotta be damaging to the self-esteem to know you're not the favorite in so monumental a manner :P  well I would agree that the metaphor has been quite thoroughly beaten. It was enjoyable nontheless.   I wonder how that reunion went...
Your reasoning of the effects of abortion are correct.  The liberals who see abortion as a normal, acceptable, right to choose abortion are aborting themselves into extinction.  Reverence, and a love of life is not what motivates Muslims. The power of Islam is. There is nothing to indicate that Muslims "love" life. They'll cut your limbs or head off for nearly any reason. They'll remove your head with a hacksaw so to take the time for "you" the victim to enjoy the moment and to voice your opinion and video it for your family and countrymen to enjoy.  If you dont believe that muslims love life they will cut your head right off! Its an easy choice if you ask me.
Wow, I don't think I've ever seen an argumentum ad Muslim TM in the abortion debate before.
The women of Islam need to become feminists. That's all that's needed.  I fear that would lead to extermination of the women.
Your reasoning of the effects of abortion are correct.  The liberals who see abortion as a normal, acceptable, right to choose abortion are aborting themselves into extinction.  Reverence, and a love of life is not what motivates Muslims. The power of Islam is. There is nothing to indicate that Muslims "love" life. They'll cut your limbs or head off for nearly any reason. They'll remove your head with a hacksaw so to take the time for "you" the victim to enjoy the moment and to voice your opinion and video it for your family and countrymen to enjoy. Do you want anyone to take you seriously?
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/06/07/nfert107.xml   Arab's birth rate - 7-10 kids  Birth rate in UK - below 2....   And we wonder why it seems muslims are taking over the world... DUH !!! THEY care about life more than the "free" world....  I believe that one of the reasons we are dealing with terrorism in the world is because we are committing mass murder on babies in the womb...  Need i say more...  What the hell do arabs have to do with this? There are hardly any arabs (or even Brits of arabic descent) in the UK.
Republic of Ireland; Abortion is illegal. Birth rate per couple; 1.86.  Lower than the UK where Abortion is legal and the birth rate is 1.87.  In any case Arabs aren't averaging 7-10 kids. Yemen; 6.49 Oman; 5.70 Gaza; 5.64 Djibouti; 5.23 West Bank; 4.17 Iraq; 4.07 Egypt; 2.77 Jordan; 2.55 UAE; 2.43 Turkey; 1.89 Lebanon; 1.88 Iran; 1.71
great : site    Thanks for this just signed up!!
It really doesn't matter how many abortions are occurring or the ratio to live births or the birth rate per woman. Unless one knows the denominator, the ratios are meaningless.  All you need to is how many absolute live births are occurring in one group versus another (and I suppose you also need to consider the infant mortality rate alongside those numbers.) The decision to terminate a pregnancy has the same effect as birth control or abstinence. If one woman has 10 children and 10 abortions, she will end up with more children and a woman who has 2 children and no abortions.    I am making no comment on anything but the math. All I am saying is the orginal article does not give enough information to conclude what the title of the thread states. The original article wasn't even discussing Arabs or Muslims, it was talking about immigrants.  As previously stated, worst thread ever.
The highest rate of unemployed in Europe is among Muslim immigrants. It's not surprising. Because nowadays with their immigrant doles they find more comfortable rather doing nothing than working as labourers which those arrogant aliens conceder beneath their dignity or forbidden by their Allah. And that Allah is very strict guy. As soon as he sees that his subjects begin working hard he announces this activity abominable. But it is so tempting living in civilized country and stirring no finger for getting little money necessary for barely making ends meeting. As a result we have suburbs of our towns full of malcontent indigent Muslims prepared tore throat to every the least dressed properly European. The only thing to do is toughening control over Muslims living in Europe. If they want staying here they have to obey our laws and stop being burden and spongers. If their religion forbids them European way of life they should change their religion or adopt moderate Islam worked out by Europeans for Europe.
The highest rate of unemployed in Europe is among Muslim immigrants. It's not surprising. Because nowadays with their immigrant doles they find more comfortable rather doing nothing than working as labourers which those arrogant aliens conceder beneath their dignity or forbidden by their Allah. And that Allah is very strict guy. As soon as he sees that his subjects begin working hard he announces this activity abominable. But it is so tempting living in civilized country and stirring no finger for getting little money necessary for barely making ends meeting. As a result we have suburbs of our towns full of malcontent indigent Muslims prepared tore throat to every the least dressed properly European. The only thing to do is toughening control over Muslims living in Europe. If they want staying here they have to obey our laws and stop being burden and spongers. If their religion forbids them European way of life they should change their religion or adopt moderate Islam worked out by Europeans for Europe. That's strange. My brother-in-law is a Muslim. He has two jobs, works late, gets up early. You can hardly get him to sit down to eat.  Perhaps you should adjust your rant to say 'some Muslims'.  Smiley
The highest rate of unemployed in Europe is among Muslim immigrants. It's not surprising. Because nowadays with their immigrant doles they find more comfortable rather doing nothing than working as labourers which those arrogant aliens conceder beneath their dignity or forbidden by their Allah. And that Allah is very strict guy. As soon as he sees that his subjects begin working hard he announces this activity abominable. But it is so tempting living in civilized country and stirring no finger for getting little money necessary for barely making ends meeting. As a result we have suburbs of our towns full of malcontent indigent Muslims prepared tore throat to every the least dressed properly European. The only thing to do is toughening control over Muslims living in Europe. If they want staying here they have to obey our laws and stop being burden and spongers. If their religion forbids them European way of life they should change their religion or adopt moderate Islam worked out by Europeans for Europe.One of the barriers to assimilation or maybe more properly amalgamation is the attitude(s) of natives you express here. It is difficult to believe that anyone would prefer to live a subsistence lifestyle based on welfare(dole) if they could achieve more affluence with proper employment. I think you underestimate what is involved with trying to "jump in" when you are constantly feeling judged unfairly and stereotyped. It takes time for both parties to find a middle way.  How many Muslims do you count among your friends?
dont feed the trollbot
Recent revelation by Pentagon head that in the foreseeable future our country needs to prepare to anti partisan operations sound shocking actually!  But it was right now that I got it at last. Those operations will take place not somewhere in a distant country but right here at territory of the US! I think that disgusting perspective we owe to our nutty officials unable to confine Muslims' immigration to USA. Muslim newcomers are building new mosques and their communities are growing rapidly (partly due to rising figures of the native Americans converting into Islam). I'm sure that our officials knew that most acts of terrorism occurred in USA are due to Muslim participation but in spite of it they are continuing to present all those shootings in broad daylight or explosions or other as just accidents caused by natural reasons! They hide the truth. In fact the guerilla warfare is being led by Muslims at the territory of USA and IMHO it'll be on the rise in nearest future. I wonder why our top officials have been inactive and lying all the time! They've been preoccupied with Iraq and Afghanistan mainly and not caring about ordinary Americans personal safety! Sure this is huge error of Washington administration. Who will bear the responsibility I wonder.
Recent revelation by Pentagon head that in the foreseeable future our country needs to prepare to anti partisan operations sound shocking actually!  But it was right now that I got it at last. Those operations will take place not somewhere in a distant country but right here at territory of the US! I think that disgusting perspective we owe to our nutty officials unable to confine Muslims' immigration to USA. Muslim newcomers are building new mosques and their communities are growing rapidly (partly due to rising figures of the native Americans converting into Islam). I'm sure that our officials knew that most acts of terrorism occurred in USA are due to Muslim participation but in spite of it they are continuing to present all those shootings in broad daylight or explosions or other as just accidents caused by natural reasons! They hide the truth. In fact the guerilla warfare is being led by Muslims at the territory of USA and IMHO it'll be on the rise in nearest future. I wonder why our top officials have been inactive and lying all the time! They've been preoccupied with Iraq and Afghanistan mainly and not caring about ordinary Americans personal safety! Sure this is huge error of Washington administration. Who will bear the responsibility I wonder.  FDR: "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself."  GWB: "Be afraid; be very afraid!"  Maybe we shoud just require Muslims to wear yellow crescents on their outer clothing.  Oh, I forgot, that was done previously, and for the same spurious reasons.  Santayana lives!
Free Jaffa? The ethnic cleansing continues......
SoC simply doesn't realize the meaning of the term. Genus and -cida mean nothing to him.  It stems back to the latest genocides, when it became popular to term everything as genocide to get some support against it. Just like everything is labeled as terrorism.  And, SoC, no, abortion has nothing similar to genocide. Look at some genocides and you'll see why not.
Well, considering that quote comes from somebody whose throat I would just as soon slit as have come within ten feet of my child, it means nothing. emoticon_xagree ...
I tried to avoid this discussion, but this is just my opinion and stance on abortion.  As a woman, I don't want any MAN to be deciding for me what I can and can't do with my own body. HOWEVER, that doesn't mean that I think abortion is right, but I want to make that decision on my own.  My belief is that abortion shouldn't be a right, but it shouldn't be something that's criminal if the reasons are justifiable. I think it should be treated akin to homicide, you don't get punished if your actions were truly justified.
But you are ok with a woman deciding what is right for someone else's own body...specifically the babies?  How would you like to have a parasite in your body and not be given treatment to remove it based solely on the fact that even parasitic organisms are living things and deserve life?  Not pretty is it? Imagine being one of those guys in the Alien movies and you've got a chestburster in you that's gonna kill you once its fully gestated, but you're not allowed to have an operation to have it removed from your body because of an intergalatic treaty declaring that all life is precious and must be observed.  Seems to me a woman isn't more qualified to deal with the issue of abortion than a man.  Men shouldn't be deciding because they can't get pregnant after being raped. When was the last time a man's life was ever at risk because his wife was pregnant?  In fact, it could be said that the man has the only independent perspective.  An independant perspective doesn't make it a good thing. Politicians that propose anti-gun legislation don't have to live in the real world with those of us that the bill will affect, they shouldn't be allowed to propose it.
Actually they can't ever get pregnant.  No kidding.  Steve - its not about qualifications - its about impact. Women are the ones who get pregnant, we should have more authority in the matter.  F--k'in A! right! I don't want some damn MAN deciding what's going to be legal for my body. They have NO experience with the female anatomy except what they manage to bag, they shouldn't be allowed to decide for us.  They have no idea what pregnancy is like, the damage it does to our bodies and our minds, and they don't have to pay to support a child that we were forced to accept at knifepoint.  Where is the logic is violating women a second time? Where's the justification for it? Doesn't the life of the unintended mother account for anything at all?  Do you men have any idea of the dangerous precdent you'd be setting up with a total ban on abortion? Women who have been raped and essentially told "You WILL have this child, you WILL carry it to term, or you WILL go to prison!" would likely commit suicide as a result, meaning that TWO lives are gonna be lost.
So wouldn't this make you a biased party? Seems you wouldn't be capable of making a moral decision when you have some personal benefit at stake. Should a victim in a case be able to decide the fate of the defendant? Should oil companies get to talk about global warming? The answer to those are NO because the two parties are biased and have a stake in the decision that limits their ability to make a good decision.   We're not the biased party, we're the informed party. We're the ones that know what we're talking about, you don't. You wouldn't have your mechanic take care of your bypass surgery would you?  Does this mean we shouldn't listen to women regarding abortion? No. It means women have no more standing to speak on the issue than men.  Excuse me? Women are the only ones who can get pregnant. We should be the ones with the only standing on the matter!  So now you admit its two lives. Interesting.  I'm not so sure it is. Last I checked anybody who murders a pregnant woman doesn't face two counts of first degree murder, only one. Fetuses aren't counted as actual persons according to the law, so I don't see how murder of a nonperson could be illegal, or even possible. If a fetus isn't going to be counted as a person then abortion can't truly be considered a crime now can it?  You realize that rape accounts for about or less than 1% of abortions. Perhaps you should give a reason for the 99% of abortions that happen instead of opting for fallacy talk.  Better supply the source of those statistics to back up your argument.
[QUOTE]As a matter of fact, I think the law in some states now treat a foetus as a separate person in the case of an assault against a pregnant woman. For example, this case appeared in 2003:  There's still nothing on the Federal level, so a state law can be rather moot in the discussion.  This would criminalise any act that resulted in the death of a foetus. So there are legal precedents for treating a foetus as a separate person, and if the law changes this definition, well, that becomes the new definition, irrespective of what biologists or women think or want. The law doesn't have to make sense, after all, it can be a completely arbritrary convention.  Any act that results in death? So a woman tripping and falling flat on her stomach and suffering a miscarriage would result in charges of murder?
You know, I was going to go off on a tangent and talk about how I was going to contact every female legislator I can find and try to convince them to introduce and sign onto as sponsors, a bill that would make it a federal offense for any man to abadon any child or potential child he might have. But it would be so vaguely worded that it would criminalize masturbation since every sperm has the potential to become a child.  I still believe it, but I'm gonna use a different argument. I wonder how many men are really in support of a ban on abortion. How many of you scumbags that have some side-whore that you f**k when the wife isn't looking or not in the mood, would be in favor of a law that would make it impossible for your side-whore to have an abortion if you got her pregnant? That'd be lovely for you wouldn't it, having to support two families now.
[QUOTE]An individual is often defined as a single person. The fetus is a unique single person.  A fetus isn't an individual since it's bound to the mother and relies solely on her for survival. If the mother dies then an infant can still survive through the help of others, but if the mother dies then a fetus dies along with her since they're connected, meaning the fetus is little more than a parasite in terms of individuality.  and it shouldn't be a choice. You should not have the choice to end someone elses life.   Not even if the someone else is threatening your very life?  The consequence is the pregnancy and creation of another life. You never have a choice to end up someones life for convenience of yourself.  What if the woman forced to endure the pregnancy decides to kill herself and end not only her life but the life of her possible child?  The heart attack is the consequence of how they lived. You don't have a choice but to live with that consequence...including paying the bill.  Heart attacks don't affect fat people, anybody can have a heart attack no matter how healthy you live.  I'm seeking to prevent the killing of a person's body actually.  So do I. I feel that if mothers are forced to have the children of their rapists then they may be driven to depression and suicide.
[QUOTE]This isn't even true..... There are been plenty of times a mother has died and the baby has lived.  Please! There's no way a fetus of two months could ever survive if the mother were killed.  Well considering this almost never happens in the case of abortion I will say this is irrelevant.  Funny how people like you always love to use examples of things that happen only one time every ten or fifteen years as an example for demanding more legislation, but when presented with the same argument of one extremely rare incident happening in such minute amounts you say it's irrelevant to the discussion.  What about it?  So you've got no problem with women killing themselves from forced depression? You've got no problem with the death count being two instead of one?  You preserve life by killing millions? Seems a little backwards.  I don't support an open ended abortion policy where it happens for no reason or justification. However I don't want abortion outlawed when the reason for having one can be justified.  Why don't you speak for the 99% reasons of abortions? You try to use exception and extraordinary cases to justice the entire use of abortion. Do you not have good reasons for the other 99% of abortions?  You've failed to prove what the other 99% of the time is. How many had them due to the fact that their children would be born braindead or suffer from horrible birth defects? How many were determined to be a threat to the mother's life and wellbeing?
Back to the idea that words have no meaning? A common theme of your inconsistent beliefs.  Somebody needs to knock Stretch off his holier-than-thou, high-and-mighty, know-it-all perch and send him crashing down to the reality which is life.  A fetus isn't an individual until it's fully developed and born and able to survive without the direct and constant life support of the mother. I don't care if the fetus is living and growing, it's not fully developed human. Until it's fully born the fetus is of the same status of living being that a dog or a cat might be; living but that's it. And we have no laws against putting down pets that can't live healthy lives.
Yeah, this isn't true. What you are saying is that you don't like how individual is defined so you wish to change it to make yourself feel better. A born baby can't even survive on its own so why can't we kill born babies?  The difference between a born baby, and an unborn fetus, is that if the mother dies the baby can be cared for by other people and it'll still survive, the fetus has no change of living if the mother should die while it's still in the first trimester of development.
Let's cut the nonsense and get down to brass tax. Would YOU as an individual be perfectly alright with some far removed politicians that're out of touch with the world, deciding for you what exactly is legal to do with your own body? Do you support giving your right to choose away to someone that'll make a choice for you even though it might not be the choice you want?  Show of hands, who here is perfectly alright with the government being allowed to make all of your decisions for you, and telling you how you're going to live your life?
Look Stretch, do you want the government to have total say over your life? If not then shut up! The government should have no say regarding the topic of abortion, it should be up to the people, not some elected officials who only know how to lie, cheat and steal!
I'm talking to you, with the extra three Es in his name.
I see Archie has reverted to the "you have no moral compass" broken record again.  Watch out people.
