I think this is too big of a fact to debate about. LOL  I agree.
The heart starts beating 3 weeks after conception, and you can't live without a beating heart, but me personally, I think that as soon as the miracle starts, (egg and sperm combine) that is when life begins. I know it's more of a spiritual thing for me instead of a fact. :)
A fetus is human at conception, because it has the HUMAN DNA, which means it's human. (puppies have dog DNA, kittens have cat DNA, fetuses have human DNA, so they are human).   3000 are murdered every day.
Morfos, it shouldn't matter. The fetus is either and independant human or it's part of the mother. If the fetus is alive, then the fetus has equal rights. However, if it's part of the mother, then the fetus is no more than dead tissue. But it ISN'T part of the mother, it's a completely unique and independant person.   Read this (written by yours truly).
The point that I am trying to make is that if people dont want a child, dont care about the childm, arent financially able to support a child they should have an option to have an abortion. now I am in no way trying to say that it should be used as birth control or anything drastic like that I am simply trying to say that abortion is not as much as an evil as many make it out to be when its put next to a situation like the one in NJ last year when I was at school where a little boy ended up dead in a rubbermaid bin and his brothers are rotting in a XXXX covered room.   Skyline, It seems as if you ARE suggesting that abortion be used as birth control. You say that if "people dont want a child...they should have an option to have an abortion." That IS birth control.  Also, please consider if the EVIL is the fact that the child was born (and not aborted), or if the evil is that children are thrown in a rubbermaid bin or rotting in a XXXX covered room. I think you are confusing things and calling good evil and evil good. Committing the evil of abortion is not the way to remedy the other evils you describe above. Are we any better as a society if we substitute the evil of abortion for the evil of child abuse or murder after birth? There has to be a different approach to make these people realize the value of children.   Do you realize that THE THINKING AND PHILOSOPHY THAT MINIMALIZES CHILDREN AND SAYS THEY ARE SIMPLY OBJECTS UNDER THE SOLE CONTROL AND DOMINION OF THE MOTHER (THE PHILOSOPHY THAT ALLOWS ABORTION) IS THE EXACT PHILOSOPHY THAT MINIMALIZES CHILDREN IN ALLOWING THEM TO BE ABUSED AND PUT IN XXXX COVERED ROOMS OR THROWN IN DUMPSTERS? If one can have an abortion and throw a child into a dumpster afterwards then why can he not throw them into a dumpster a few seconds and a few inches later when birth has occurred?  Peace.
Very good post, Maximus.  heidi It's very difficult to define from when life begins. To define it, we need to define what the life is. Is it just organism or sentient thing? If it's sentient thing, fetus in a womb is not life, I don't think so. I would say right after insemination, say a few minutes, it's not life yet but once it can be recognized fetus, it's a life.  Etheically speaking, abortion is same as murder but even murder sometimes is innevitable for entire life on this planet. If people think it's a good way for survival and properity of us, it's the way we go. I think most of abortions are not justified, though.
It's very difficult to define from when life begins. To define it, we need to define what the life is. Is it just organism or sentient thing? If it's sentient thing, fetus in a womb is not life, I don't think so. I would say right after insemination, say a few minutes, it's not life yet but once it can be recognized fetus, it's a life.  Etheically speaking, abortion is same as murder but even murder sometimes is innevitable for entire life on this planet. If people think it's a good way for survival and properity of us, it's the way we go. I think most of abortions are not justified, though.  Nao,  How does it get to the point of being a fetus if it is not a living, growing, being? It has a seperate genetic identity from the point of conception and it is obviously established as human. It is a distinct, new living being that came from two other beings. The product of two others becomes a new "other."  "If people think it's a good way for survival and properity of us, it's the way we go." Are you saying that the majority is in favor of abortion? Polls of the opinion of the populus might say otherwise. Only a few supreme court justices decided they were in favor of abortion, it was not put to a vote. Even if the majority would be in favor of abortion would you concede defeat if you think this is a moral wrong? Does the majority dictate your morality?
ok ok population control, birth control yes look at any other country in the world and their response to having dead children and having their children die at early ages due to the lack of nutrition, do you honestly think that they have the time or the energy to weep about the deaths? As far as looking at the aborted fetuses in a bucket, that is nothing but a pro life tactic to try and get people on their side, whenever I walk down the street and I see them waving their pictures, I honestly feel sorry for them that they have to stoop to that level to try and get their point across. Another reason: if traditional birth control fails, I'm not going to let some little ball of flesh and bone spawned from MY sperm ruin my fiancé and My life. I'm not going to watch her have morning sickness, have back pains and feel ugly until we are ready to do so. If we live in such a technologically advanced society that herds of people can stand in front of a legitimate business and bitch, and raise hell about what they do (i.e. clinics) (sounds like terrorism to me) we therefore also live in a society that a couple can make their own decisions concerning their bodies  Skyline,  Again your assertions are filled with contradiction.  "ok ok population control, birth control yes look at any other country in the world and their response to having dead children and having their children die at early ages due to the lack of nutrition, do you honestly think that they have the time or the energy to weep about the deaths?" I must tell you that I think this to be an arrogant, conceited statement. Do you think that kids in the suburbs are more valuable than inner city kids? Are kids in the United States more valuable than those in rural Africa? Do you think the poor mothers see any less value in or feel any less love for their children? What is the measuring stick to be used to determine these childrens' value? Is it money, food, clothes? I think these mothers mourn the loss of their children. They mourn them because they have a HUMAN bond with them.   "As far as looking at the aborted fetuses in a bucket, that is nothing but a pro life tactic to try and get people on their side, whenever I walk down the street and I see them waving their pictures, I honestly feel sorry for them that they have to stoop to that level to try and get their point across." What is wrong with showing pictures of a blob of flesh? No big deal hunh? Isn't that the way you describe this "thing" later in your post? Why do you protest so if these pictures give a simple anatomy lesson in the form of a blob of flesh, or show an appendage of the mother, or an unliving, non-human thing? Why do you protest if the pictures show a simple, antiseptic, unemotional, surgical procedure?Why would this be a pro-life tactic that might get people on their side if it does not show a living, human being? Why is it "stooping to a lower level?" Do you think that it is cruel and shocking? The only way it could be, the only way this incites an emotional reaction of disgust, is if there is something of value in those buckets...something living, something human, something worthy of protection. Are these tactics terrorism? What about the freedom to assemble, to demonstrate, free speech? I think that the term of terrorism more aptly applies to the violent act of ripping a fetus from the comfort of the womb, imposing a death sentence on it without due process, and throwing it away as a meaningless piece of flesh.  "if traditional birth control fails, I'm not going to let some little ball of flesh and bone spawned from MY sperm ruin my fiancé and My life. I'm not going to watch her have morning sickness, have back pains and feel ugly until we are ready to do so....we therefore also live in a society that a couple can make their own decisions concerning their bodies" Again you acknowledge abortion as a means of birth control. But do you honestly feel this way? Would you so easily destroy the fruit of the love between you and your fiance? Do you think your fiance would value that life over the selfishness of avoiding the temporary discomfort of morning sickness, etc.? Above you seem conceited with materialism but now you seem to value yourself very little. Would you throw away your own flesh and blood without a second thought? Would it truly ruin your life or would you adapt? The problem is that once conception has occurred you are no longer simply making a decision concerning the bodies of you and your fiance. You are making a decision concerning the life of another. The two become one flesh not just at the very time of the act of love/sex (that is you are joined as one body during sex). This union sometimes remains. The two become one flesh in another sense--in another being--part of you, part of her. Would you want to throw that away? It is unique and irreplaceable, there will never be another exactly like it in all of history.
maximus, the objection is the use of pictures of stillborn, SIDS babies, or other deaths not related to abortion as being representative of abortions.   I disagree. The vast majority of people in the US eat meat, but who do you know would like to watch a video of the process by which it is gathered? Who would even like to watch a video of a woman giving birth? Just because something is disgusting doesn't mean it necessarily pulls heartstrings.  Crim, I'm not trying to be a smart aleck but how do you know what Skyline is arguing? He made no mention of the use of stillborns, SIDS babies, or other deaths. I don't think this was in his line of reasoning. I'm not sure why pro-lifers would do this anyway. They don't need to show pictures of those other deaths. There are abundant examples of abortion deaths in photographs being that approximately 5,000 are aborted daily. See www.blackgenocide.org or www.abortionno.org.   Now, there may be some truth to what you say concerning watching grotesque images. But think about this...for a grotesque image to come about there has to be something there to photograph. The photo is not the monstrosity, the subject of the photo is the monstrosity. The act of abortion is disgusting, bloody, and violent.  The images show the truth of this. Now we can admit that photos of a butchered cow might be disgusting and photos of a butchered baby would very well be disgusting. But would we have the same reaction to these two disgusting images?   Furthermore, one of the main points of showing these pictures is to abolish the myth put forth by abortionists that this is an inanimate object, a blob of tissue, an appendage of the mother, something lesser than human. The abortion clinics do not give full disclosure of this. The mothers have no idea what that doctor is pulling out of the womb many times. At 8 weeks you can see the little human and I think that many mothers would decline if they saw their child before aborting it.   There are people that don't believe the Holocaust of WWII occurred. But can they deny the truth of the pictures? Who wants to look at that horror story? If you looked at those pictures then you would be disgusted. But along with showing the truth of history, it serves the purpose of creating an aversion to actions that bring about this type of slaughter. There is a modern day holocaust going on every day in America and around the world but so many deny it.
At 8 weeks, it is less than 1/2 an inch long. The abortion is basically sucking the bean-sized embryo out of the uterus. This process is hardly violent or bloody. Furthermore, the embryo is not conscious and is completely unaware of whatever might be occuring to it. The majority of abortions occur around or before this stage.   Showing a dead infant stirs more emotions than showing a picture of a lump the size of a fingernail or something flushed out during menstration.  Crim, 1. If someone is unconscious can they still be killed and wronged? Consciousness of the victim does not determine if the action against him is moral.  2. The clean term of embryo does not take away the fact that it is a living human being. I have held an 8-9 week old "embryo" in my own hands. It may be bean shaped but it is not a bean. Its length does not determine its essence. It had a head with eyes, it had arms and legs. Its humanity was readily discernible.  3. Violent or bloody--I consider killing a living human being a violent action.  4. A dead infant??? Would you oppose abortion once the thing is not a "lump the size of your fingernail?" Does your line of opposition depend on size or length?
I oppose abortion around 18-20 weeks, when the fetus' brain has developed sufficiently so that it can recognized as an actual sentient, feeling being, rather than merely being alive in the same sense that a plant is alive.  Crim, Tell me more about your position. According to your philosophy of life, why are sentient, feeling beings valuable? That is, why are they worthy of protection?
Well, almost anything may have value.    They in particular require protection because they are capable of suffering.  Why do you oppose suffering?
In the science of Biology, life is defined as anything that is composed as metabolizing cells. spermatazooa are living, ovula are living and when they combine they make a living thing.  A human zygote's cells divide and in order to divide they need chromosomes- human embryos have human chromosomes. So a fetus is actually alive the nanosecond the living sperm hits the living egg. Not only is it life it's human life.
You gave a definition of life, not human life. For a human to have life it needs a whole lot more than just a couple cells. Human life I believe is defined by the ability to think as well as survive. I think a person who is brain dead is no longer truely a human although he is still life. I don't disagree with those who disconnect them from the machines which keep them alive because they are no longer what they used to be. I'm not debating here whether abortion is correct or where the point is that an unborn child is able to think. All I'm saying is that human life requires a functioning brain.  "I think, therefore I am"  Anything that has cow DNA is cow. Anything with mushroom DNA is mushroom. Anything with amoebic DNA is amoeba. Anything with human DNA is human, regardless of what you think.  The brain is not the only biological software.  There are many living creatures without brains, who are living, because they metabolize and grow and because they have DNA. That is science. Latin: Scientia meaning to know. Not to believe or to agree with but to know.  "Everything is Everything."
I never said human DNA was human life. I said if a couple of metabolizing cells had human DNA they were human life. Because they would be human and living.  If a man was in a coma and had poor brain activity, you or I say- he's not living- pull the plug. But what if it had happened to him before? What if he had a 50-50 chance? What if he could pull through? Well, a clump of cells with human DNA have more than a 50-50 chance. They are almost guaranteed to grow and become something special and unique.  A jellyfish is a jellyfish. It will never change.  A fetus is worth more based on it's potential which no other creature has.   I think a person who is brain dead is no longer truely a human although he is still life.  Your DNA is what makes you human. It is what you are. Your DNA is what takes a living goup of cells and makes it into a recognizable creature.My phrase 'Everything is Everything' means that what it is, it is. A cow is a cow, a chicken is a chicken.  You said you didn't think it was human if it couldn't think, I replied it doesn't matter what anyone thinks a human is a human, regardless of what anyone thinks.  It is what it is. Everything is Everything.  'I think therefore I am' is a theory. 'Everything is Everything' is a fact. The argument about the fetus as life is pointless with scientific knowledge, so says Paul Davies and any other scientist would agree. Please understand, this isn't my belief, it's what I know. This is what any biology textbook should tell you. Whether or not the life should or should not be terminated is a matter of ethics and right and wrong.
My only point is that the person isn't really human life at that point.  Although this statement is untrue, let's use it. Being in a coma and being asleep are equal things- both are at states of unconsciousness. If you are asleep, then, are you not a human? Should we allow murder towards people who are asleep? Of course not. That is absurd, because all humans --conscious or unconscious-- are human. We are homo sapiens. If we are human biologically and metaphysically, we are human officially. To say otherwise is a farcical.   No one can deny that it is immoral to do an abortion just for the fun of it but realistically the clump of DNA that the fetus is isn't even going to know that it has died. It never even had its first thought so it died without ever even living a human life.  Whether it knows if it is going to die or not is a red herring. The fetus still has a right to life. Simply because it hasn't developed the consciousness to decide if it wants to live or die doesn't mean that you can make the decision for the child. Infants wouldn't care if they could live or die- frankly they don't care of the matter. However, as mature persons, parents decide to allow their infant to live, because they know that there is an entire life for the infant to look upon, a life full of challenges, opportunities, and happiness. The fetus, whether awake or asleep, has the right to life.   If a human has the brain of a hamster, it is not a hamster, but it is surely not a human either.   Of course it is! Although it is biologically impossible to mix a hamster's brain with a human's brain, since the hamster's brain is so small the human DNA will dominate the hamster's DNA and thus this "thing" will be a human. Simply because a part of the body is not of human DNA doesn't mean the human on a whole isn't human.  I think you're looking at the DNA argument erroneously. You see, all life forms have a DNA type. Within these types are billions and trillions of different kinds of the species' DNA. Dogs have dog DNA, cats have cat DNA, et cetera saecula saeculorum. Humans have Human DNA, and thus anyone with Human DNA is human. This does not mean that a liver or kidney is it's own human, because the liver and kidney has the same DNA as the person it is inside of. However, the fetus (and all other humans) have individual, unique DNAs (except for cloned humans and twins, but the point isn't that all humans are genetically unique, it is that the fetus(s) is(are) unique to the mother).   Another point that I don't believe anyone has brought up, is that the fetus is human because of biogenesis. Remember, all life comes from pre-existing life, and all life reproduces after it's own kind. Horses only make Horses, rabbits only make rabbits, and Grey Davis only makes everything worse. It est the fetus is human because humans can only produce humans, and not some other life form.
Actually I realized this after I posted but never corrected it since the person I'm debating knew what I meant and I knew what they meant. Replace coma with brain dead.  Humans in vegetative stages (It est "Brain Dead") are humans to by no doubt. How can you say that the being isn't human? Because it doesn't think? Why should that matter!  Why does it have the right to live. It is at a stage where it is living off a host. Why shouldn't the host be able to kill it? And should the fetus threaten the hosts life, why should the fetus's life be more important than the hosts?  Why do you have the right to live? Why do I? Why does anyone have a right to live? This question remains unanswered, but it is, again, a red herring. Simply because a child lives off of it's mother doesn't mean it's not human and has no right to live. I lived of my parents when I was four, does that mean I am some tumor and have no right to live? Of course not. Another analogy, say somebody is alive in a hospital, but only because of life support. Does that make this person a tumor of the machines, and thus the mind of the machine, it est a doctor, can kill the human? Of course not. Doctors, but their own oath and law, have to do their best to keep somebody alive. As a matter of fact, the Hippocratic Oath says that Doctors cannot do abortive procedures. Even today Doctors are breaking their own oath and law to make more money.   Well you can have that opinion but we all know it would be called an abomination or a monster. It sure wouldn't be considered human and wouldn't receive any medicare at that point.  You are not "we". You're the one who's all alone in this issue. See even you believe you have the right to call somebody a monster, and claim that this "monster" has no right to live. See where this is caving in?  That is a good point. In the case of our monster though, it would still be part human IMO but surely not human. Besides, it would be looking to mate with giant hamsters at that point. I could any human babies would come from that.  Your opinion does not matter scientifically speaking. In science, there is fact, and the fact of the matter is anyone who is genetically and biologically human is human, terminum. And no it wouldn't be looking for other hamsters to mate, because it isn't simply because of the Hamster's mind that it decides to mate, it also has to do with the hormones in the body- humans have different hormones.   I came to the conclusion that I would be the person who has my mind for I am nothing more than what is in my own mind. From here I determined that humanity is also nothing more than what is in the mind. Taking away the consciousness of a person would take away their very humanity as well as taking away their person from the body. A brain dead person no longer even exists in my view. The body does and the mind can reawaken, but at the time with no consciousness or thought possible, they are no longer the person they were before and also no longer share the traits of a human.  This has been studied upon vigorously, and not conclusion has been made yet. Interesting point, however, this is irrelivant to the discussion. We arn't debating about where you're human, we're debating about when you're human, and you are human at the moment of conception and therefore by american law, have all the rights and privilages as any American, and in this case one right, and that right is the right that every single person on this earth has- the right to live.   therefore doesn't share the traits of a living human  And that makes it not human, because it's not equal to you? That, my friend, is sick. This is also the reason why most handicapped people are pro-life, because they know if Abortion stays legal, they're next.
Hmm, well for one thing I'm stating my own views. Your views will differ. However, I believe that most people would say someone who is brain dead is not the same person they were when they were not brain dead. My jump to saying they are not even human is beyond what most people would believe in and I am not trying to make you believe this. I'm only stating my beliefs to show why I stand where I do on the issue of abortion.  That's nice, but it's not something you opinionate- it's fact. Whether they are the same person or not is irrelevant. They are still human (by scientific fact). Saying that your opinion differs is just silly. I can also say that monkeys aren't really monkeys, they are dogs, and claim that it's just my opinion. It's simply a silly and demented thing to say.    An unborn child has every right to live. I don't deny this. However, until it has reached the stage where it can think, I believe abortions should be a choice given to the mother. I do think there should be better restrictions on this option than there is presently though.  Simply because it cannot think? Why does one have no rights because it cannot think?  Anyways the patient is on those machines so it can get better presumably. He is also not brain dead. Both go against my thinking and laws view.  It est the fetus can also get "better" if you simply allow it to grow!   I guess just to clarify here, would you accept the human with a hamster brain as an equal to you? Would you allow him on medicare and have him protected by our laws? It would be a mockery of our system of law. Also would you support not only the life of a cloned baby but also the act of cloning? Why not be for it? Cloning would only be making a human in your views I believe. How about genetic altering after that? Thats no different than making it be born/grown with a hamster brain, right?  Yes. He would be equal and should have all the rights and privileges. I disagree with cloning, but once a being is cloned he or she must be protected, even inside of the womb. Same goes for genetic alteration.l However, what does this have to do with the discussion- what is your point?  Hmm, you seem to be making up your own science here. You could use this logic against Gays though saying hormones from their body should tell them to go after women, but that doesn't work. Face it, a hamster brain will look for other hamsters just as a brain who looks for men will do so even if it isn't supposed to.  ha! What a ludicrous statement! Have you taken Biology yet? Well if you did, or if you do take it, you will understand that sexual desires don't always have to do with the mind. What a silly statement!   The brain is your defining trait, not your body or DNA or anything else.  Again, study Biology. You obviously have not taken any courses in it.   As for you final statement, the difference between humans and animals is that humans genetically and biologically have free will, while animals rely on instinct to make decisions. This is what differs us. Although a person who is braindead cannot make decisions, he is still genetically part of the homo sapiens species and therefore is human.   I bet if you had a child and your childs mind was switched with a dogs mind and you had the choice to keep only one of them, you would keep the dog because that is your child.  That is a good question, and honestly I don't know how to answer it. However, this again is irrelevant. We arn't asking where the fetus is human, we're asking when it is human.
A dead guy is still human technically but he doesn't get protected by laws.  *speaks patronistically*- that's because he's dead.   Well if your that fanatical then what if people started taking people from the grave and bringing them back to life as zombies? Would those be humans? I'm just curious to see how far you will go on this issue :)  Yes.   Hmm, so you say gay is a choice I suppose? Interesting that you use the phrase "don't always" as well. What exactly does this mean in terms of percentage? I'd like to hear this from a master of biology like yourself.  Being gay is something that happens in the childhood. Whether or not the hamster-brained human goes after men or women, he cannot sexually function without hormones. Hormones are what give us sexual urges.   Do you use biology to determine what is living or not? Is a virus living BTW? Is a sperm living? Is a sperm human? Why is the combination of an egg and sperm human to you? Please, use biology to back up your statements if you wish to focus on this.  A virus and sperm are living, but a sperm isn't human. The reason is because right then and there the zygote has a completely individual genetic code from the mother, right then and there the zygote begins to grow, and right then and there the zygote has a completely new future and plan for him or her prepared.   It is relevant. I need to know why you should even have to determine which one is your child so I can further my point. Your childs body with a dog brain or a dog body with your childs brain?  As said before, I don't know. I'de probably choose the dog. But that doesn't make my dog a human, it still makes my son a dog. As awful as it sounds, it's true. My son would officially be a dog. However, he would get the rights and privilages of a human, as well as the human dog thing. It's a very complicated issue.
So this negates your science debate.  No, because when you're dead, every thing in your body dies, including your genetic tissue, and DNA. It's all dead.  What a silly discussion I'm having with you.
First off we were never even discussing anything except what human life was. Your post responding to this was almost completely about DNA. Why is it then that you say human DNA is not human life? I guess I'll ignore this even though I'm confused by what your intentions were. DNA is part of the definition of life. Nothing lives without it. That's why I'm hyping on the importance of DNA. I'll try to make it plain:  Say, All the tissue in your body is Hardware. The information an organism's body sends- how to eat, how to photosythesize, is Software.  Even skunk cabbages have software.  The DNA is the blueprint for building the Hardware, and also for reading the Software. (I got this little allegory from somewhere I don't remember, and I know you'll find fault somewhere, AMD4EVER, cuz I know jack slap :( about technology and my memory sucks, so I had to improvise. But I hope you'll get what I'm trying to say) So would you say a computer isn't a computer just because it has malfunctioning software? Probably not. Computers malfunction all the time! We just fix them. A human with malfunctioning software is just malfunctioning.  OK, well focusing on the guy in the coma, I'm not saying what if this or that. All I'm saying is that as of the moment he loses the ability to think, he is officially not a human. My definition of human requires the ability to think. I doubt he is viewed as the same person he was before he went into a coma. Something is just missing from him. I'm not saying lets pull the plug just because he isn't human right now because that would be like saying lets abort all babies before they gain the ability to think. It makes no sense especially with the technology we have today. If there is a chance to live, fine, take that chance and keep him alive. My only point is that the person isn't really human life at that point.  I know what you mean, without thought a human is kinda 'blah' . That human connection just isn't there.  But what I'm saying is: he is still human life, he's just not functioning as the organism he was programmed to be.  DNA is what makes you human. You think a person in a coma is out there, try talking to a human with no DNA!  Have you ever wondered how a plant could photosythesize and be heliotropic with no eyes to see the sun and no brain to process information? Because it has DNA to tell them what to do.  It knows how to function because it has a blueprint.  An organisms blueprint is still useful until it dies and it's Hardware can no longer make use of it. (in other words the body dies.) Your definition of human life does not line up with modern science.   Lets be realistic. DNA does not make you human. If a human kept its entire body but somehow the brain of the person was made to be that of a hamster, would that be a human any longer? You may say it is but I believe it is partially what is in the mind that makes you what you are. If a human has the brain of a hamster, it is not a hamster, but it is surely not a human either. Even your quote "Human is a human" would be in agreement with this unless you stretch it a bit. If you believe a circle is a circle, then you cut out a small piece of the middle of one of the circles and replace it with a square, is that still the same circle as it was before? It has the same shape based on what it seems to be on the outside, but what is inside is different.  Having a different brain doesn't make you less human. I know of someone with an autistic brain, an Alzheimer's afflicted brain, a partially damaged brain!  I heard about a man who was stabbed in the brain!  They are still human, they are still living. Everyone's insides are different. My inside is different from yours. Parcum's inside is different from mine, too.  But we are all classified as human.  Science doesn't classify the value of what's inside, that's the realm of philosophy and religion, science is what examines order and the way things are.  For years, scientists have taught cell biology the way it is. Then, AMD4EVER comes along and disagrees with the central principle. Darling, I wish I had your gall. emoticon_smile       Would the Terminator be a human because it looks like one? Would the Terminator with a human brain be a human because he both looks and thinks like one? Would the Terminator, if born of another human having its original skeleton and organs replaced with cold metal and given incredible strength be a human? What makes a human a human? If the Terminator were to commit murder and left a piece of himself at the crime scene, the forensics lab would not be able to provide a genetic profile. Metal doesn't have DNA.  That's how we know he isn't human. He doesn't carry the blueprint.  If a dog were to commit murder and had a piece of his fur left at the scene of the crime his DNA would be there. Forensic tests would show a dog had done it. They'd recognize a dog's blueprint.   Also I think I should point out that what you know can change over time. I didn't always agree with abortion until I had to question myself about why I didn't agree with it. What I thought I knew at that time isn't what I know now and what I know now changes almost every day. I would hope it is the same way for you. What I know tends to change based on the research and analysis of Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking, Jane Goodall, Aristotle and Galileo Galilei. I trust thier knowledge because they are people of wisdom They become wiser through understanding.  I believe in study. I believe in bending over a microscope until your eyes cross and you start to look like a friggin' hunchback. I believe in doing whatever it takes and giving whatever you have for the sake of understanding.  And I believe that right and wrong can be understood the same way we understand White Dwarves and cataracts. I am agaisnt abortion because based on study by Theodor Schwann and Jean Baptiste Lemarck, a living organism is a cellular, metabolizing organism. What you know shouldn't change if it's the truth.  Wow, we really are starting to cover a lot of topics! This is interesting though. I look forward to your reply. Yeah. Tell me about it. Let's see, we've covered biology, philosophy, geometry and computers & robots. I'm havin' a ball emoticon_xbouncer! and I've come to look forward to every reply.
Our disagreement is whether human life is defined by Mental activity or Biology.  If you and I were to take out our brains we'd be dead because as more complex human organisms, we depend on the brain to help us survive. But the human fetus is at a lower stage of complexity. It has no brain because it doesn't need one yet.  Because of it's genetic make-up it is a Homo Sapien. Because it's cells go through mitosis, it is alive.  Because it requires nourishment and protection, and it grows, it is living. It is a living homo sapien  that does not compute. And I don't mean to irritate anyone, the reason I use scientific analysis to make a point so often because science is knowledge rather than opinion.  Certain things are not matters of opinion. Like space travel or brain surgery you can't just believe, you have to know. I think abortion is a very important issue and just believing something is not good enough.  As for the Terminator, he is really a hybrid between a homo sapien  and a machine. That's a whole 'nother issue.
"How can they be human if they are brain dead? Is a dead human still a human until all its DNA dies off? What is the difference between a person who just died a moment ago and a brain dead person kept alive by machines who would die if off the machines? Why is one human and one not or if both are human, how long is a dead person still human?"     Just one question... if they are brain dead but not human then what are they? My sister was in a car accident and was kept alive by machines for 4 days, so are you trying to tell me that she wasn't human anymore because she was brain dead? Your brain is basically what keeps you alive,that is true, because without it your vital organs wouldn't work. Here is another example (and I realize that I am a little off the original topic)... my neice has a brain tumor, located inside her brain stem. If the tumor were to grow anymore, it would cause her brain stem to stop working and she would die. There isn't any getting around that, and if your brain ceases to function, you will die without life support (this was told to us by a neurologist at the National Institute of Health in Maryland). But I don't see how that doesn't make you 'human' anymore... I guess how long a dead human remains human is a matter of belief and opinion. ??
My question concerning a dead human was based on the person I'm debating saying DNA makes human life. Since DNA remains after death, are they still human at that point? This wouldn't be a matter of opinion to that person if they truely believe DNA is the sole thing that defines human life because without a doubt DNA does exist after death. I was just asking the question to see whether they would waver on their idea of DNA meaning human life or not.  Let us closely examine the phrase 'human life' shall we? If you found a corpse in the woods, how would you figure out what kind of corpse it was? By running a DNA test. If it has human DNA it is a dead human.  Now for the life part: if something is composed of metabolizing cells that grow and require nourishment, it is living.  Dead things don't have mitosis. Fetuses do. Dead things don't grow the way living things do: by replicating thier cells. I never said DNA wasn't the one  thing that defined human life.  It defines your humanity but the functions of your cells are what determines whether your living or not.
Consider the terminator has the genetic make up of a homo sapien, its cells go through mitosis, and it requires nourishment, but has no brain at all and its bones are made of metal. This metal can expand and contract to meet the needs of the growing body and the head doesn't collapse. It uses a computer to give the body all the information it needs to continue staying alive. However it doesn't have the ability to have consciousness though, it cannot move, it cannot respond to anything, and it needs to depend on other people to feed it else it will die.Is it alive?    Yes. It is alive. It is a living thing.   How about if it has human bones and a computer brain?   It is a hybrid. A new species. It probably would be protected by law because it lives and it would be the only one of it's kind (I'm assuming.) There are laws protecting orchids and certain species of seashell, so the federal government would think nothing of passing a protective law for a new human hybrid.    How about if it had a better computer brain and was capable of all human activity?   It would only be capable of all human activity with the right hormones. and chemicals and etc. So assuming it had the right hormones and was capable of all human activity: crying, blushing, eating for the sake of eating rather than nourishment, picking fights, player-hating, using sorry pick-up lines,  and all that jazz, I would say it was human.   How about if it had a metal skeleton and a hamster brain?   If it had human organs and and skin and all that, it would be a hamster-human-android hybrid. Also a new species also protected by law. Although, i have no idea how something like that would mate.   How about if the brain was genetically altered to be not of this world by aliens and the result was something that didn't alter the DNA but changed everything that made it look human or act human The DNA is everything that makes it look and act human. The DNA is what determines when puberty starts, how it starts, it determines the way you look. DNA determines the biological make-up of a human. Speaking of aliens, do you realize if a simple microscopic organism were found on Mars tomorrow, scientists would pee thier pants with excitement because we will have discovered life on Mars.     I ask these questions to get a better idea of where you stand. Could you please answer each one. Also, why not test my views as well by asking tough questions like do I think a brain in the vat is human or if I would convict someone of murder for making someone else brain dead? Well, would you convict a person who caused brain death?  Would you convict a man who killed a woman who was 3 weeks pregnant? Would you arrest the hamster-human-Terminator hybrid if it committed murder? Rape? Theft? Parked in the yellow zone?  After all he has no brain, would he get away with hurting someone? Do you believe that someone whose brain was closer to nonactivity is less alive than someone whose brain is fully functional? Is a toddler less human than me? What about a newborn? Newborns depend on others to keep them alive.  Say a child was born prematurely and needed machines to survive and needed someone to feed them, and did not respond to light or touch and was not fully concious? Is the baby dead even though it digests it's food?
I don't understand why you add hybrids into some of these things if only the mind is being changes. The human with a computer or hamster brain still meets your requirements for what makes it a human. Why is it still not completely 100% human if all these things are met? Should you be adding the mind to your list?  A mixture of two different species is called a hybrid. If you gave a human a hamster arm and leg it would be a hamster-human-hybrid. It has mixed parts so it's a hybrid. If it has Homo Sapien DNA it is a Homo Sapien, the other criteria defines a living creature. Something that goes through mitosis is alive. It is not 100% human because it's brain cells are hamster cells. Perhaps the computer minded human should be  called human, after all it is considered murder to remove life support from a comatose human.     As for my alien example, I should have been more clear and said that the aliens gave the human something that would override its DNA yet the DNA would remain. Also, assuming the universe goes to infinity, there is a very good chance that life exists on other planets. Who knows if it goes to infinity though. Big Bang would suggest not and the God theory would suggest only human life exists. Perhaps they are both right and aliens probably don't exist. Do you mean if the aliens used a human body formed by DNA but gave the body a brain that functioned without DNA? Aliens do exist. I am an alien.        Assuming you mean double murder, yes I would. This is playing more to the idea that there was a right of ownership here and the ownership were talking about is one human child. The parents were the owners of what would have been a child and therefore I would say it could be treated like a murder of a child. Why it isn't murder when abortion occurs is because the parents are giving up ownership of this unborn child on their own. Should the father be able to accuse a woman of murder if she has an abortion without telling him? Yes, I believe this should be an important restriction on abortion assuming the woman is married to the man. If not, he has no ownership rights.  If the perpetrator kills someone who is pregnant but not married, should the fetus be counted as a murder, seeing as how the sole owner of the fetus is dead?    However, the monster would not fall under our laws. Now why is he a monster even though I should be considering him a hamster? He is hamster life. However the definition of the monster is more than just the make up of the mind. It is kind of like a mutt dog. It is a mix of things that don't make up a specific species. The hamster life is more of an idea while the monster is a physical description of it.  Why do you say the definition of a monster is more than the make-up of the mind but you say human life isn't more than the make-up of the mind? And how would a human father and a human mother make something that was not human?    Would a human mind in a hamster be a monster? Absolutely. Physically it is a monster. Mentally it is human. Should it be put down? Because it is still part human it would not be put down but it wouldn't be given anything more than animal rights at that point. Put it in a cage and keep it locked up until it either dies or is able to be put back in a human body. Putting it under our laws would be a mockery of the system.   If it has a human mind it has emotion, it may even feel love, putting it in a cage would be cruel and unjust it would be an even bigger mockery of the justice system, it should be treated as human because having a mind, it has a conscience and it knows right from wrong. It is a sentient being-part human part hamster. It is alive because it metabolizes and goes through mitosis, but a human mind is not what adds the human to the hamster it is the possesion of human cells.  You seem to have overlooked the fact that the human brain is also made of metabolizing cells and it contains DNA. The fetus couldn't grow a brain if it didn't have cells. The fetus is what you have before the brain develops. If you have the fetus you have the brain eventually. Saying a fetus is a non-human object is like saying a tomato seed is not a part of the family Solanaceae.    How about a genetically altered human? As long as it doesn't go too far and make it extremely dangerous, it is human. If it is given longer life or immunity to all disease or the ability to look straight at the sun without consequence, it is an evolved human physically and a human life as well. Completely human. This is one place we would part ways I'm sure. You say it is an evolved human. The fetus is a different stage of humanity. It has no brain, but it has mitosis, it has growth and it has Homo Sapien DNA. It is a type of human that does not require a brain. Why have something you don't need?   Tough one and one I've had to think about. Glad you brought it up. To add another belief I've determined at this time, human life is an evolving process. The mind is human life  so as the mind evolves, To be human requires characteristics be met. It is more of a yes or no question and to say someone is more human than someone else means there must be different brackets of what humans are and therefore we are talking a decision tree (think of Windows Explorer...C:\ is the first category then there are many other options below).   Not less human as in a characteristics and physical sense. All characteristics are met for both therefore both are human. Human life, one is more evolved.  What makes the mind human life?
"Do you believe that someone whose brain was closer to nonactivity is less alive than someone whose brain is fully functional? Is a toddler less human than me? What about a newborn? Newborns depend on others to keep them alive.  Say a child was born prematurely and needed machines to survive and needed someone to feed them, and did not respond to light or touch and was not fully concious? Is the baby dead even though it digests it's food"  Just because someone's brain wasn't as functional as another person's does not mean that they are any less alive... mentally retarded people are very much alive, and human.  Newborns and toddlers brains aren't as developed as an adults, but they are just as human as an adult. Newborns do depend on others to keep them alive, but they grow and develop and eventually become dependent on themselves. It does not make them any less human. That is a part of human life.. that's pretty much how it is for most anything that is living. Premies, as you know, are often born before their brains have fully developed. They need machines to survive until their bodies finish developing to the point where they would have been born normally.  If you are asking if they are 'dead', why would doctors go to the lengths that they do to keep them alive? My youngest neice weighed a pound when she was born and she was on machines for the first 5 months of her life.. today she is 3 and she is right on time with her development.. I never heard any doctors make the comment that she was 'dead' because she didn't respond immediately...
This is in response to the original question: 'when is the fetus alive?'  At the moment of conception, it is called a zygote. At about 4 weeks after conception, it becomes an embryo. At 6 weeks after conception is when the heart forms and starts to beat. It is at this stage when other organs begin to form. At 10 weeks, fingers and toes form, and the nervous system becomes responsive and the organs formed at 6 weeks begin to function. It is at 14 weeks that it becomes a fetus. By the time it becomes a fetus, all its vital organs are working and it is responsive and moves. So if the question is when is it actually alive, scientifically (or medically), it is at about the 4th week after after conception, because it is at this point that the placenta forms, and it gets its nourishment from the mother.  FYI: abortions can be done up to 24 weeks after conception.  Hope this helps! If there are any more questions about that, I will be happy to answer more and I can post some links.
FYI: A person who is declared brain dead is legally dead. Brain death is irreversible loss of all functions of the brain... once they are brain dead, they will never regain those functions. However, a person who is brain dead, and on the use of machines, is still 'alive', because the heart still beats, blood still flows, and vital organs are still functioning, but they would not survive off the machines. If death and brain death were identical and equivalent terms, there would be no use for the term 'brain dead' or 'brain death'.
But in your view there shouldn't be a hybrid. You didn't even mention a mind as an organ that determined species. Consider a hamster consciousness in a human mind, does that make it a hybrid?  Your question basically asks if a person burnt down my house and killed me, should they be charge with just murder or should the burning down of the house matter as well even though the owner is dead?  Human life = mind Human = mind + body + existance + DNA! + etc That is why human life can exist without a human being.  Your right, the fetus is a different stage of human, but not human life which is what I'm focused on. Its human consciousness does.   Murdering a pregnant woman is counted as a double murder. The burning of a house isn't called murder. It's called arson.    CarmanThis is in response to the original question: 'when is the fetus alive?' At the moment of conception, it is called a zygote. At about 4 weeks after conception, it becomes an embryo. At 6 weeks after conception is when the heart forms and starts to beat. It is at this stage when other organs begin to form. At 10 weeks, fingers and toes form, and the nervous system becomes responsive and the organs formed at 6 weeks begin to function. It is at 14 weeks that it becomes a fetus. By the time it becomes a fetus, all its vital organs are working and it is responsive and moves. So if the question is when is it actually alive, scientifically (or medically), it is at about the 4th week after after conception, because it is at this point that the placenta forms, and it gets its nourishment from the mother.  FYI: abortions can be done up to 24 weeks after conception. Hope this helps! If there are any more questions about that, I will be happy to answer more and I can post some links.   I have a question, Carman, why is a single-celled organism (like a paramecium or amoeba) counted as life while a single celled organism that posesses human DNA is called non-living?
"Murdering a pregnant woman is counted as a double murder. The burning of a house isn't called murder. It's called arson"  If you burn a house down intentionally and there are people inside who die, that's manslaughter... unless you burn down the house KNOWING that the people are inside, and then it's murder.  Murdering a pregnant woman is considered double murder in some states (called fetal homicide). It is sort of a double standard I guess, that you can convict someone of that, but not convict a woman for murder for having an abortion. Right now the difference is that the woman chose to have the pregnany terminated, whereas if she was murdered that was not her choice. It's a weird thing...
"You are considered born once your heart starts beating and you exit your mothers stomach."  A fetus's heart begins beating 6 weeks after conception. It isn't until around 40 weeks that it is born. And it doesn't exit the mother's stomach, by the way... it isn't in the stomach to begin with.
"I have a question, Carman, why is a single-celled organism (like a paramecium or amoeba) counted as life while a single celled organism that posesses human DNA is called non-living?"  An embryo is a living organism. If you are asking at what point does it become human, that would just depend on what you believe I guess. Biologists have been debating over that for a long time, and don't have an agreement on it. Some say its not, some say it is. But it definitely is a living thing.
http://www.torchx.com/board/index.php?act=ST&f=1&t=20&  I'm having a debate with liberals, and I'm going to need some help. So if anyone is willing to debate, thanks ;-)
Lol. What a Farcical. Hey, did you know that Slavery was legal too?
Yeah, not a good start Yukon.
ok guys, most stuff that's not the best to do is legal. well, sorta emoticon_rolleyes (i'm aganist abortion if you can't tell!)
This is going to stretch you Yukon, and it's going to hurt at first, but independent thought is going to be good for you.  Why are YOU for abortion?
As a staunch Roman Catholic, I am Pro-Life. However, I am also consistant in my concern for the needy. It ticks me off when conservative Republicans who consistently oppose the efforts of liberal Democrats to help the poor, the homeless, the uninsured, the underpaid, and minorities of all kinds, trot out Christ's teaching about helping "the least of these my brothers" to support their anti-abortion views!   Why can't the advocates of justice for the homeless, for minorities, for the uninsured, the imprisoned, for victims of various kinds of abuse get the kind of attention that abortion gets?
Because that would require more than just talk.
WE should have never invaded Germany. We should have dealt with America's abuse issues before the holocaust, or at least as your same argument goes. I'm also a staunch Roman Catholic, and personally, Abortion is far more an important issue than Abuse and homelessness. Don't get me wrong; abuse and homelessness are serious issues, but we take care of that. There are no Catholic orders who's goal is to stop abortion; Missionaries of Charity, Vincent DePaul Society, Franciscans, Dominicans, occationally Jesuits (hiss) and even diocisans (no order) help the poor, and it is their MISSION to help the poor. Abortion is also needed to fight. I would rather be poor and hungry than killed before I can get a chance to change my life.
Here's some good pro-choice banter I picked up from some of my friends, as well as from www.liberalslikechirst.org  There is not now, nor will there ever be, a scientific instrument that will be able to detect the presence of a human soul or a human person at any stage of development of human beings, ( including the stage that you and I are at). Pro-Life people look at the limited evidence, like the early appearance of the physical characteristics of human beings in the fetus, and they say "the glass is half full", jumping to the conclusion that there is a human soul there. Pro-Choice people look at the same evidence and say "the glass is half-empty", and there is no human person there. Science cannot prove the ABSENCE of human souls any more than it can prove their presence. This entitles BOTH SIDES to believe whatever they choose (on grounds other than RATIONAL PROOF), but it doesn't entitle them to use politics to impose their views through legislation on others.   If people believe that God is all knowing and that the Bible is God's Word, how do they explain the fact that neither the God of the Old Testament nor Jesus used even ONE of the 31,173 verses of the Bible to tell the world that abortion is the killing of a human being ?  Was it because God didn't know that human life begins at conception?  God didn't know that abortions were being performed from ancient times (with herbs and the like)?  God didn't know or care that, without CLEAR condemnations of this practice, billions of innocent human beings over the centuries would be killed and billions of adults would be murderers themselves, or accessories to murder?  God was squeamish about sex?  God didn't have the courage it takes to attack popular sins?   Why do Americans allow some people to transform an issue which is not even MENTIONED in the Hebrew or the Christian Bibles into THE SINGLE MOST PRESSING MORAL ISSUE OF OUR TIME?
Chai.....  If you're loath to kill something inside of you, that makes you pro-life. Pro-choice=pro-death. Pro-choice folks think (or pretend to) that abortion is not wrong, because there is nothing there to kill.   LovetheSouth
If you would kill a child, one that isn't even born yet, even if it would kill you, then I am very glad to know that there are some people in this Country who have a much better idea of nobility, who would not stoop low enough to kill a child. Yes, if you are immature enough to have an unwanted child, then I will take it! And I will raise it to know that abortion is murder, and murder is wrong.   No, I am not God, and I do not presume to be, neither am I a dictator over anyone. But that doesn't mean I can't tell you what I think. There's such a thing as freedom of speech in this Country, and I intend to take advantage of it. Certainly a woman has the choice to abort her child, but she will be judged for it in the last days, like it says in the Bible, unless God calls her to Himself and saves her from eternal destruction in hell. I pray that every unfortunate woman and man (oh, by the way, have you ever noticed that most "pro-choice" people are women? Why is that, do you think?) who believes that abortion is no big deal will be called to Jesus Christ our LORD and realize, by His mercy, that they are so wrong, and that abortion is murder, and it is wrong.   Would you kill a grownup? I would assume not. If not, why would you kill an unborn child? Why is it any different?   Happy Easter, and I will definately be praying for you!  LovetheSouth
Oh yes, my child can think! I will assume that you would raise your child however you wished? Well, so would I. And my child can have any opinions it wishes, but I would hope that before it forms any educated opinion, they would research it extensively. Otherwise, they have no basis for disagreeing with me.   No, the law is not God. God is the law, and He has every right to tell you what you can and cannot do. He created you. He could destroy you right now if He wanted to. By your replies, it seems that He does not want to. Maybe He's still giving you a chance to come to Him.
I think I won't reply to that right now. I'm too angry at the moment, and that would definately not be a good witness for Christ!  LovetheSouth
Well, this is an interesting thread to have a real hot abortion debate...   Chai, I would like to suggest something to you. Since you already have an aversion to abortion, I fancy I may be able to convince you. Like Phat Albert said, science cannot prove when a human recieves a soul. Since we cannot prove this, is it not "better safe than sorry" and just to ban abortion? This is a question of life. The interests of the mother cannot be allowed to overrule the child's right to life, before or after birth.
The Roe v. Wade decision was predicated on two suppositions: the assumption that the fetus was not a "person," and the assumption that a woman's right to privacy included the liberty to terminate her pregnancy on demand. The Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment declares that no state shall "deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law."  Because the personhood of the fetus was so critical to the outcome of the case, the outstanding question during the Roe hearings was "when does life begin?" That question, however, was not resolved and instead, setting it aside, the Roe Court assumed that the fetus was not a "person," and handed down a decision saying that "[i]f this suggestion of personhood is established, [Roe's] case, of course, collapses, for the fetus' right to life would then be guaranteed specifically by the [14th] Amendment." Because of this clause, Roe should be reexamined.   In 1981, internationally known geneticists and biologists addressed the question of when life begins in a Senate Judiciary Subcommittee hearing. Dr. Micheline M. Mathews-Roth, of Harvard Medical School, gave testimony, supported by reference from over 20 embryology and other medical textbooks, that human life began at conception. Dr. Jerome Lejeune, the "Father of Modern Genetics," testified: "To accept the fact that after fertilization has taken place a new human has come into being is no longer a matter of taste or opinion ... it is plain experimental evidence." Dr. McCarthy de Mere, a medical doctor and University of Tennessee law professor, testified: "The exact moment of the beginning of personhood and of the human body is at the moment of conception."  "Calling human beings "embryos" or "fetuses" serves the same purpose as calling them "adolescents" or "adults." These scientific terms are used to indicate where a person is in his or her development. They were never meant to imply that the unborn child is not human. As the "infant" is different from the "adolescent" in terms of development and dependence, so the "fetus" is different from the "infant." Yet all are genetically human, and therefore persons." ~From Language of Illusion: The Abortion Slogans  At conception, all 46 human chromosomes are present, beginning a unique human life. Twenty one days later, the fetus' heart is pumping the baby's own blood through a closed circulatory system. Brain waves can be recorded 42 days, or six weeks, after conception. By eight weeks, although still weighing less than one ounce all body systems are present. Eighteen weeks after conception, the baby can turn somersaults, grasp objects with his hands, dream, and cry. At 25 weeks, 79 % of babies survive a premature birth. From the start, this life is clearly not just a part of the mother, but an individual person entitled to the rights of life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.   Justice Rehnquist wrote in his dissent to Roe: "I have difficulty in concluding... that the right to "privacy" is involved in this case.... A transaction resulting in an operation such as [an abortion] is not "private" in the ordinary usage of that word. Nor is the "privacy" that the Court finds here even a distant relative of the freedom from searches and seizures protected by the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution, which the Court has referred to as embodying a right to privacy."  Unenumerated rights cannot take precedent over enumerated rights; a child's right to life preempts a woman's "right" to an abortion. Because abortion involves the purposeful termination of human life, it must be recognized as different in kind from other "privacy" rights protected in earlier cases.
The legality of the subject is directly connected to morality. That is, after all, how we go about making laws.
Chai, I think you missed the entire point of my argument. Roe was based on the idea that the fetus was NOT a person. I quoted the clause from Roe that said that if the personhood of the fetus were established, Roe would collapse. We know that the fetus is a person...therefore, Roe should be overturned.   Your statements about the "Mental & social health" of the mother and the part about "unwanted" babies, etc. don't stand up very well when you consider the fact that another person is going to DIE. Abortion doesn't solve a mother's problems of any kind. It doesn't help her mental health, certainly not her physical health, and it doesn't even keep her from being a mother; it just makes her the mother of a dead baby. Adoptive parents are waiting for those "unwanted" babies.   I didn't mention Einsteins, or thugs.   On the legal side, Roe should never have been imposed on the ENTIRE nation by the will of five justices on the Supreme Court. Such legislation by an UNELECTED body is tyranny.
Pretty much every society since the dawn of time. Thats good enough for me. Let's avoid the whole obligatory "why is it wrong to kill" argument.
Just to make it interesting, who ever said that one had a RIGHT to life, anyway??   Let's see here. The declaration of independence, the US constitution, probably every state constitution.
So basically you're saying that we seperate humans from non-humans based upon the ability to think independently? Some humans can "think"better than others, so you're saying that we can groups humans into different levels of "humanity". So, mentally handicapped people are barely human, while MENSA members are at the top of ladder.  You say that the potential at 21 weeks is no different than the potential that birth control, etc. A sperm is not a human being, an egg is not a human being. I ask you this, what is that mysterious little clump of cells in the womb? And don't say a clump of cells, because that's what we all are. You're killing SOMETHING, and here's a hint, it's not potential, its a living creature. No what is it?
So can we say that a more sentient person is more valuable as a human being than a less sentient human being? By your logic a man that slips into a coma ceases to be a human being the second he loses awareness. When I get hit in the head with a baseball bat and lose conciousness, the second I pass out I cease to be a human being and instead am a "clump of cells"? I don't buy that for a second.
Originally posted by thistownwilleat  So basically you're saying that we seperate humans from non-humans based upon the ability to think independently? Some humans can "think"better than others, so you're saying that we can groups humans into different levels of "humanity". So, mentally handicapped people are barely human, while MENSA members are at the top of ladder.  You say that the potential at 21 weeks is no different than the potential that birth control, etc. A sperm is not a human being, an egg is not a human being. I ask you this, what is that mysterious little clump of cells in the womb? And don't say a clump of cells, because that's what we all are. You're killing SOMETHING, and here's a hint, it's not potential, its a living creature. No what is it?    All I think she's trying to say is that if it's not really alive it's not as bad as killing a baby who can control it's actions, and can think. Not that if humans arn't as smart they're not as much as a human.  Myself, I think it's bad all around, no matter how old it is. But if it was a mistake (like rape) it's better to do as young as you can.
Who is for the death penalty and pro life? I have follow up question if you say abortion is murder?   PS Don't jump to the conclusion that I am Pro Abortion.
I'm anti-both. So good luck elsewhere. If no one responds I'd like to hear the argument anyway.
"All I think she's trying to say is that if it's not really alive it's not as bad as killing a baby who can control it's actions, and can think."  I'm in a coma, I can't think or control my actions. Kill me.
Originally posted by thistownwilleat  "All I think she's trying to say is that if it's not really alive it's not as bad as killing a baby who can control it's actions, and can think."  I'm in a coma, I can't think or control my actions. Kill me.    no, that's not what I mean. It's not like it's fine to kill anything. I'm not going to walk up to someone in a coma and kill them just because they can't control their actions and think as good as everyone else. It's just better than walking up to a person walking down the road and stabbing them in the back. It's just if you got pregnant 'cause of rape or something, don't you think it would be better toget an abortion when the baby can't really think, etc. I know it's still bad, but it's better. That's all I think she's trying to say, and if not, that's what I say. I mean, if a 12 year old got pregnant 'cause someone raped her, don't you think she should get an abortion, and the earliest the better?
No actually I don't think it is any better to kill a person in a coma than just walking up and "stabbing them in the back".  I don;t think that there are varying degress of "wrongness" when it comes to killing someone. You've stated that it is a human. You've stated that you're killing it. How can you say that it's "better"? Better than what? Waiting until the child is 15 to kill them?  There's nothing "better" about it, the only difference is that you feel "better" killing something that you can't identify with. Yes it's far easier to kill someone while their in a coma than when they're walking down the street. You don't have to look in their eyes, listen to them plead, feel them struggle, etc. They just lie there. Same with an unborn child.   The fact that you feel better towards one does not actually make it better.
Is abortion murder?   What should we do with a woman that takes a bill to abort a fetus. Should she be executed or spend the rest of her life behind bars?
Originally posted by Chai  Liberty~  Your quotes and speeches were all very nice, and they have certainly convinced me that a fetus may very well be alive when it is in the mothers womb. That there is no question of...   However, I am not morally better or superior to anyone else, so why should I force my beliefs on them? Abortion may or may not be morally wrong. But we're debating legality here.    Chai, if you believe that the fetus is alive, than that fetus has a right to life as protected by the 5th Amendment. "There is no question of it." So since you want to argue the legality, under the constitution, abortion is illegal.   This isn't a question of being "morally superior" or not. This is a question of right and wrong.   to theLIBERTARIAN: First let's establish that abortion is right or wrong.
Patriot, thanks for commenting.  Abortion is more than wrong. In fact wrong enough to possibly be illegal. I have been pro-Abortion my whole life. A couple of years ago something happened to change that view.   If something is illegal, people will be punished. Otherwise, why have a law.   My dilemma: If a woman takes a pill and aborts a fetus (commits murder), should she be executed or spend the rest of her life in prison?
IF abortion is murder, it should carry the same punishment, however, it should not be intrusive. We don't want police doing random searches just to find a pill.
I agree with... well heck, I agree with all of you pro-LIFE people. Killing someone in a coma and stabbing somone in the back when they're walking down the street are not any different in "wrongness." Actually, if we had any pity left in our evil hearts, we would most likely find it harder to kill someone in a coma, BECAUSE of the fact that they can't protect themselves or think! Of course, if we had any pity, abortion wouldn't even be an issue. It is murder. If people can get the death penalty for murdering an grown person that is fully capable of defending themselves (at least, they used to get the death penalty), then why not a child that hasn't even breathed the air of this world yet? In my opinion, abortion should be illegal.   LovetheSouth
Originally posted by LovetheSouth  I agree with... well heck, I agree with all of you pro-LIFE people. Killing someone in a coma and stabbing somone in the back when they're walking down the street are not any different in "wrongness." Actually, if we had any pity left in our evil hearts, we would most likely find it harder to kill someone in a coma, BECAUSE of the fact that they can't protect themselves or think! Of course, if we had any pity, abortion wouldn't even be an issue. It is murder. If people can get the death penalty for murdering an grown person that is fully capable of defending themselves (at least, they used to get the death penalty), then why not a child that hasn't even breathed the air of this world yet? In my opinion, abortion should be illegal.   LovetheSouth    My Problem LoveT, is I would find it hard to execute hundreds and then thousands of women each year. I guess it could be done, but it would be hard to stomach.
Yes, you're right, and hopefully people would learn from their example. Although I am glad I'm not in control of the world, I am a sinner just like everyone else. I'm glad we have a divine Creator that's in control of this world, and not a person.
ok, ok. I see ur point, and I don't really think there is an amount of "wrongness" (anymore ;) ) but if someone didn't mean to get pregnant and they're not ready to have a kid (like if they're 12 and were raped) then I think if u have to, then get an abortion, but not just 'cause you didn't have enough condems or it broke or something. Pay the penalty and don't kill an innocent baby, but you HAVE to then you have to. I don't think anyone SHOULD unless they absolutly NEED to.
I'd like to hear the rest of that argument...so I'll say that I am for the death penalty and against abortion. What now?
Originally posted by Liberty  I'd like to hear the rest of that argument...so I'll say that I am for the death penalty and against abortion. What now?    Liberty it's not really an argument, it is more of a dilemma, because I don't like abortion and would like it stopped (unless the mother is in danger). If abortion is murder, should not the women that takes a pill and aborts the fetus be tried in court and if found guilty of premeditated murder be sentenced to death, or at least life in prison?   By the way thanks for replying to my post Liberty.
You have reached quite a dilemma. I am against abortion. I am for the death penalty. To some people, this may seem quite a contradiction of myself, but I assure you, it is not. In an abortion, the person who dies has not done anything to "merit" death. In the case of rape, abortion is killing the wrong person. The rapist, not the child, should be executed. In the area you are struggling with, I'll tell you a true story. In very early American history, (I think it was in the 1600s) a woman killed her child as soon as it was born by smashing it against the floor. She was convicted of murder, sentenced, and executed. Abortion is the same thing, dispite the fact that it is now called a "safe and legal" procedure, and is performed in a hospital or clinic. Is killing a person any better when it is done in a hospital by someone wearing a mask and gloves? I think not. Abortion kills the innocent; the death penalty executes the guilty.
Originally posted by theLIBERTARIAN  My Problem LoveT, is I would find it hard to execute hundreds and then thousands of women each year. I guess it could be done, but it would be hard to stomach.     I agree, but do you think that if abortion were made illegal, and the death penalty/jail sentance were imposed as a punishment for this crime that "hundereds and then thousands" of women would have abortions done? I think not.   Chai, please clarify your stand on abortion.
I think that he wants you to clarify why you believe that is "a woman' personal choice".
Crim, What is the difference between killing a baby a day before it is born, and killing it a day after? I don't think there is one. If there is something wrong with the way the dealth penalty is executed, (pun intended) then fix that problem, don't just get rid of the death penalty. Abortion can just about occur on new borns. Partial Birth Abortion is used up until delivery.   Chai,  According to your logic, if a woman can abort for trivial reasons, then abortion should be legal until the "fetus" is 18 years old. If the mother thinks before the child is born, that the child will bother her health, she can pay to have the child "legally" killed. Lets say that after the child is born, it bothers the mother's health. "My kid was driving me crazy today...I believe I'll abort him." So, why not have abortion until 18 years of age? "THAT'S MURDER!!" some will cry. But, I think it's just as much murder to kill a child in the womb at any stage.
Originally posted by Patriot  I agree, but do you think that if abortion were made illegal, and the death penalty/jail sentance were imposed as a punishment for this crime that "hundereds and then thousands" of women would have abortions done? I think not.   Chai, please clarify your stand on abortion.    I still think there would be thousands of women taking the pill that aborts fetuses every year. I would expect several hundred to be caught.
if the woman want's to have the baby then let her have it. if she can't afford to keep it then she needs to go to a clinc or the red cross to see if she can get some help
o and liberty i proclaim you guilty... that was a really bad joke. like the ones my brother and his friends like.
Liberty, it's very nice to have more than a couple people on here who really know that abortion is murder and will stick to it.  I have nothing more to say than what you said, but for Chai, Crim, and everyody else like them, how would you like to not be here today? Aren't you more than a little thankful that your mother chose to have you? And that she kept her self-control when you were little toddlers driving her absolutely crazy? If your mother had believed that if you bothered her, then she could have aborted you, and you would not be here today to debate on this amazingly controversial subject.
Big deal! If you COULD know it, that would not make you very happy. What if your mom had wanted to abort you, but decided not to because of cost or something like that?
You're not going along with my scenario. Boys are annoying, even if they agree with me. Ha, I'm assuming you're a boy, that is.
Sorry, Chai, you're right, I think women should stay home and be "good wives," and it's not that I don't like guys. I get along with most guys a lot better than most girls. They're just ornery sometimes. ;)   Oh, I suppose I'll go along with this.... Liberty is not guilty.
Chai, Madison,  The pun was not intended to offend anyone. Please accept my sincere apologies.   ~ Liberty
"He shall be happy who dashes the infants head's against rocks."  Psalms...written by David, not God.   "What about people who don't want to exist?  There are quite a few of those, maybe they would have preferred to be aborted?"  Horrible and ignorant argument. It's about a right to choose for oneself, not about who wants to die and whon doesn't. And would a jury dismiss charges if the person I murdered was suicidal? Of course not, why should the law be different here?
Pikeman,   Psalm 127:3-5a: "Lo, children are an heritage of the Lrod: and the fruit of the womb is his reward. As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man; so are children of the youth. Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them..."   That's pretty strong.   Thistown,   Most of the Psalms were penned by David, but they were inspired by God.
Way to go, LIberty!!!!
Alright...hears what i think....Abortion is wrong....very wrong. How someone could kill a poor defenseless child, who has not even taken a breath yet, i do not know. you are killing A PERSON...thats right A PERSON! Shouldnt u get the death penalty for that?  What about people who don't want to exist?  How exactly would they know they didnt want to exist if u never gave them a chance. Is that really your argument...what if they dont want to exist???? well what if they DO want to exist and you kill them!!!!!!
EXACTLY.
You are not giving us a choice, Chai. Those two "options" are the same thing. It's murder no matter how you cut it.
To not have had the child in the first place.
If she honestly doesn't want the child, then she should not have conceived the child in the first place, but since she already has, then she should put it up for adoption, even if she doesn't want to. It is the best choice for the child, and if she ever comes to her senses she won't feel near as guilty as if she had murdered it. .......not like it matters how she feels, but whatever.
is it true that some mothers will put their kids in trash bags, suffocate them and then put them in empty trash cans? i think i heard that somewhere and i'm not sure where.
I concur with LovetheSouth. If she doesn't want a child bad enough to kill it, she shouldn't have conceived it in the first place... a most effective method of "birth control."
*sigh* what I meant was, don't have intercourse in the first place. That IS the only way to be 100% sure you won't have a child, I think everyone will agree.
im also a roman catholic like albert and i agree with him, give people a chance to live dont kill them u could be killing the future president, always choose the right choice keep it , but i suggest not because theat kid may turn of messed up, wso choose adoption there are places u can go for help!emoticon_xbouncer
Good grief, Gilligan, that is NOT what he's saying. He's saying that if you don't want a child, THEN don't! Duh!
well somtimes stuff happens if u killed each mistake u made it wouldnt get u very far
Originally posted by LovetheSouth  Good grief, Gilligan, that is NOT what he's saying. He's saying that if you don't want a child, THEN don't! Duh!    thanks LovetheSouth, that is exactly what I was saying.
Im pro-choice, up until the point of conception. emoticon_cool
hey, I like that. emoticon_smile
yea i agree with u Sakata
So do I!
Originally posted by Sakata  Im pro-choice, up until the point of conception. emoticon_cool    thats a very good point   people should have to live with the consecuince of unprotected sex just because they made a mistake does that give them the right to kill another life before it gets to see things outside of its mothers whom
I've gotta agree; Just think, what if that foetus was you? Or one of your parents?  I don't feel that I have to explain that there is just so much more to a HUMAN LIFE then an "inconvenience".
I obviously don't agree with most abortions but if the child has a high risk of being hurt somehow for whatever I support the mother for saving the child of possibly a very painful life
How is murder "saving" anything?
To the person who said there were no Bible verses saying abortion is murder-  Check out:  Psalms 51:5 Psalms 139:13 Jeremiah 1:5  Also, if you know the Bible really well, you will know of the story in Luke (1:44) that talks about when Elizabeth's baby "lept in her womb." When that part of the Bible was translated, the same word was used for baby in that sense as was used for child when Jesus said, "Let the children come to me." They are both children, and both human. Abortion is indeed murder.
finally...someone who knows what they're talking about! and stuff to back it up with.
Once again, I am pro-life. That arguement was one I picked up from some of my pro-choice friends and from liberalslikechirst.org. I have been aware of those verses for a while.   Ps 51:5 ("Surely I was sinful at birth, sinful from the time my mother conceived me") is the best one because sinfulness is a spiritual rather than a physical condition. This implies that David had a spiritual nature since his conception.
Sakata, You said that you are pro-choice?  "Im pro-choice, up until the point of conception."  The quote you give is from the band Switchfoot, who by the way I love, since you find them wise enough the quote, I wonder what there opinion is on abortion. Since they are a Christian band, we can most likely guess that they are pro-life. I'm wondering why you quoted someone who does not share you stance on the issue that you are debating. You may say, "Hey, you're quoting Margaret Sanger." Yes, but only to show how corrupt the organization she started, Planned Parenthood, is.
In Sakata's defense... what she was saying is that she is pro-choice UNTIL the moment of conception... at which point she becomes pro-life. It was a clever (indeed very clever!) way of restating what I said earlier.
so whos all pro-life here?? pro-choice??  --im pro-life........ dont kill a little baby it didnt do ne thing wrong why should it be punished??
katie, the baby did do something wrong. It either went and had unprotected sex. Or it raped it's mother...   Wait a minute...   (If you can't tell, the above is sarcasm. -_-)
lol:)at first i read the it did do something wrong and i was about to blow up im like emoticon_xdonno emoticon_xkill :xbanghead :xcensored :xcensored
Actually if You are religious most religions think that condoms and birth control pills are not good. besides Lust is one of the seven sins i know this cuz i watched the movie SE7EN SCARY MOVIE!!
avoiceofreason-  You can't tell me that the most religious prolife family in the world would not consider abortion for their 14 year old pregnant daughter.  The majority of religious pro-life families don't believe in taking away punishment. Unwanted pregnancies are the punishment of lack of wisdom and irresponsibility. You want to have unprotected sex, but you don't want to deal with the consequences? One of the problems with American kids today is that they are always up to no good, but the parents are not giving any punishment or making excuses for their child's behavior.   Why should an innocent baby be punished for the stupidity and irresponsibility of a foolish teenager?  gilligan-  because sex is i big part of any working relationship.   Everyone please note that that is testosterone and stupidity talking, so just ignore it.  lust, not love.  Contrary to popular opinion, sex is not love and love is not sex. The average guy on Jerry Springer may like to think so, but that's not how it works.
Originally posted by gilligan8503  um, condoms are not 100% effective. neither is birth control. hell, neither is getting one's tubes tied. are you are saying, if you don't want a baby, don't have sex at all? because sex is i big part of any working relationship. if you are not, take into account that nothing is 100% effective, then answer me.    What kind of a working relationship are you talking about? The only working relationship I can think of that would allow for there to be any sex at all is called marriage.   If you do not have sex, you can be 100% sure you will not get pregnant.   But of course, that is beside the point. If abortion is wrong, there is no contingency by which it could be right.
gilligan-  habbit has obviously not been in a working relationship...  I've always marvelled at your amazing way of changing the subject and avoiding the point of my posts so secretively.   I have a great number of friends who have 'working' relationships but are not going to have sex until marriage. I can also show you TV shows which show relationships and when sex is involved, the relationships are terrible. Jenny Jones and Jerry Springer are two, for instance. Search through most of the dating reality shows on TV for more examples.  then i was told not to have sex at all... kind of extreme.  Extreme? In what way?
I now have even more examples of how you atheists come with sarcastic remarks yet add nothing to the debate. Keep it coming, boys.
Originally posted by SilentPoet  I agree with Gilligan a strong relationship (as u get older) is not going to consist without sex. Good sex is part of a good relationship.    Poet,  What is your definition of a "relationship?" Is it a life-long committment in marriage, a boyfriend-girlfriend dating period...and how narrow is your definition of a strong/good relationship? Do you propose that sex is a necessity or simply one component of a good relationship? That is, would a good relationship be one that is good enough to survive even without the good sex? Say your partner gets paralzyed and loses sexual function. Is your relationship good enough to stay? Maybe they get a traumatic brain injury and their leg muscles tighten up so much that they can't have sex. Is there still a good relationship? So can a young or old relationship have physical attraction while abstaining from sex and still be strong/good?   I think Gilligan is the voice of failure and cynicism when he states that premarital sex is an inevitability. If you are a parent then you are creating a self-fulfilling prophecy for your kids that will bring on serious consequences.   Just some semi-random thoughts.
Voice of reason, Unlike a mole, or a kidney, a tumor, the zygote/embryo/fetus/baby has a distinct and separate genetic code establishing it as an entity different from its mother. It is more properly a living being in symbiosis with another living being. It is not a part of the woman's body.  Furthermore,  If independent physiologic existence is the requirement for personhood does a person requiring mechanical ventilation for a short period of time lose his rights? There are quite a few more examples of this across age groups.  The theory of life and independence being the requisites for personhood and rights is faulty.
that was a very good point to bring up
i think that making abortions illegal is stupid. Making it illegal won't stop the continuation of abortions.  Making abortion illegal will reduce the number of abortions, and put in prison those who do them or attempt to get them.  It will just make it illegal to train people to perform abortions. This will just make the abortion process worse.   When people aren't trained, they can't do them. Why would someone want to risk their life to get rid of a child when they know the person isn't trained and may not do it right?  Also, you have the issue of cost. With abortions illegal, they will cost a lot more. Some people will choose not to have an abortion solely because it will cost too much money.  Instead of making a bunch of laws that won't be followed we should be making the adoption process easier and quicker. We could use the money being spent by groups trying to make abortion illegal towards promoting adoption.   I agree with making adoption easier, but I think it needs to be used in conjunction with illegalizing abortion.
i agree with wijim it would cost a lot of money then it would reduce them.
just because they aren't trained doesn't mean they can't perform an abortion. they could teach themself or learn from someone that already knows.   That's true. Sorry, I spoke without thinking. (again!) What I meant was that some wouldn't know the proper way to do them, and would be in it only for the money. If you've never had an abortion before, you wouldn't know who actually knew the procedure and who would just try to kill the baby through any means possible without regard to the mother's health.   I'll deal with these two together:  it would make less people have abortions but wouldn't stop them altogether.   Then get ready to build A LOT more prisons. Making abortion illegal may reduce the number of people who get abortion, but it won't solve the problem. It will simply drive it underground, the same way the drug culture has gone.  Robbery is illegal, yet we still have people who rob. Murder is illegal, yet we still have people who murder. The basic idea is that we make thing illegal to reduce the number of people who do those, and then we reduce it further by enforcing the law and issuing fines or jail sentences to those who do. We'll never stop people from having abortions all together, but we can reduce it by making it illegal.  Have you ever had a child you desperately want to get rid of? If someone is willing to throw themselves down a flight of stairs to get rid of a child, what makes you think they'll hesitate to get an untrained person to do it?   And how many people actually do that?
Originally posted by gilligan8503  the fetus is definatley a part of the mother. if the mother dies, the fetus dies and NOT vice versa. the fetus is dependent. it shares blood and food.    So, Gilligan, by the above criteria is a tapeworm considered part of an infested woman? Or is it simply a genetically distinct parasite dependent upon another genetically distinct being for survival?
Originally posted by Chai  There is a difference between being kept alive by a machine, and being kept alive by another human being. A fetus, etc. takes energy and nutrients from the mother. A person on life support is being kept alive by a nonliving thing.    But does this difference negate the personhood of the fetus? Does dependence whether natural or mechanical denote oneness? Does dependence forfeit a being's right to life?
To all who are for abortion: (Exception for rape, incest, mothers life being in danger, most 3rd world countries)  Why in the world not give someone else another chance to live?
Avoiceofreason:  The fact is, we humans were created in the image of God, trees were not. You don't agree with that (obviously), but that's the deal, and you'll find out when you die, at the latest, hopefully before that.   LovetheSouth
crzygrly -  What points did I not respond to?
didnt you alredy post that??
it would make less people have abortions but wouldn't stop them altogether. but promoting adoption would also make less people have abortions.   I already responded to this part. I took this one and another one together because they both dealt with the same thing.  its hurting our economy far more to have all these anti-abortion groups than it would to make it easier for people to adopt.  How is that?
Originally posted by Chai  If you want to argue the personhood of the fetus, go find someone else. I don't particularly care whether you consider it "alive", or "human", or "having a soul". My point was that the baby's life isn't the only one at stake, and that there is more to having a life than simply being alive.    Chai, I'm glad you admit that the baby's life IS at stake.   We all know how intimately the mother is involved.  There is more to life than simply being alive but should this life be snuffed before having a chance to be more than simply alive? There is more to having a life than simply being alive but there is also more to taking a life than a simple sterile antiseptic "medical" procedure that is compared to removing a tumor. There is more than the euphemisms of "reproductive freedom," "termination of a pregnancy," or "abortion" will cloak. There is more left afterwards that the mother must deal with alone most of the time.
Originally posted by avoiceofreason  Maximus, I agree the zygote/embryo/fetus/baby has a distinct and separate genetic code establishing it as an entity different from its mother. This only proves that it is a living organism. The fetus is a part of the mother. It is a parasite living off the mother's nutrients just like a tapeworm. A zygote/embryo/fetus or tapeworm are living organisms, neither are human beings; they act as parasites.  "The fetus is physically within the mother and connected to her via the placenta and umbilical chord. It is directly physically dependent on the mother for all of its life sustaining needs-oxygen, energy and safety from the external environment. The relationship between mother and fetus is not that of two distinct human entities, but rather that of an independent human being (the mother) with rights and a dependent physical appendage, something that is physically within and part of the mother and therefore cannot have individual rights.  Individual rights cannot be granted to the parts of human entities-to do so would make a surgeon a murderer when he removes a healthy kidney from a patient for an organ transplant, an internist a murderer when he poisons a tapeworm to achieve its removal from a patient's intestine, a dermatologist a killer when he removes a mole from a patient's face." Richard G. Parker, MD runs Objectivist Issues in Medicine (OIM). Richard G. Parker, MD is an Objectivist emergency physician in Dallas, Texas."   Voice of reason, You contradict yourself. You state in the 1st sentence that you agree the "being" is a different entity than its mother as established by separate genetic code. Then in the 2nd sentence you state that the separate entity is a part of the mother.   Then you say, "A zygote/embryo/fetus or tapeworm are living organisms, neither are human beings." If the zygote/embryo/fetus has the genetic code of a human then how does it suddenly become a different species? It is human as established by genetic code. It is living as established by growth and development.  The points above establish why removing a fetus/embryo/zygote is not like removing a kidney, mole, tapeworm. It is the removal of a distinct albeit dependent human life. The being is not a part of a human entity but a distinct human entity.  Now, does the being's dependence on the mother forfeit its rights? If so then does an 80 year old helpless grandmother, a down-syndrome adolescent, a 2 week old birthed baby lose their rights?  Does the dominance of the mother over the being negate its rights? One can use the same examples as above.  Does the location or proximity of the being forfeit its rights? Do you forfeit your rights when you go into someone else's home?
Originally posted by avoiceofreason  Maximus, The issue of abortion is dependent on the law that governs the people. We must establish who has rights the mother or the zygote/embryo/fetus. Human beings are granted rights qua man's status as a rational animal, not a qua animal.  "The essential distinction between man and all other animals is his rational faculty and it is this quality which confers political rights. In other words, man has rights by virtue of "rational living entity," not by virtue of "living entity." Most (if not all) animals move and have sensations. The view that the unborn fetus has rights because of its ability to move and sense, by logical extension, is tantamount to arguing that all animals (and some plants) have rights. In other words, if you ate steak and potatoes yesterday you are a co-conspirator in murder and a cannibal. The basis for individual rights lies in man's nature as a rational animal, as a living being with a volitional consciousness (free will). The concept of individual rights can therefore only be properly understood in the context of a RATIONAL INDEPENDENT ENTITY, not in the context of a living thing with rudimentary sensations." Richard G. Parker, MD runs Objectivist Issues in Medicine (OIM). Richard G. Parker, MD is an Objectivist emergency physician in Dallas, Texas.  So, if a pro-lifer can prove that a zygote/embryo/fetus is a rational independent entity then and only then will they have rights by law. Otherwise, to give rights to a zygote/embryo/fetus means you are giving rights to a living organism who is not a rational independent entity. This in turn will condemn a major part of the population who would now be found guilty of murder for eating a plant or animal, which are both living organisms.    Voice of Reason, I think that Mr. Parker needs to go back to medical school by the way. I forgot to include that in my last post.  Do you propose to allow the extermination all those in nursing homes, insane asylums, homes for the mentally retarded due to not meet the criteria of a Rational Independent Entity? Do you propose to allow the extermination of all those under the age of 2 years or so due to not meeting those criteria? I think it is Mr. Parker who will be condemning a major part of the population if he uses these criteria for rights.
Voice of reason, Sorry for yet another post but you did bring up quite a few issues in your post.  1.http://www.abortionisprolife.com/ -- I think they are in the habit of calling evil good.  2."Abortion is a moral right-which should be left to the sole discretion of the woman involved; morally, nothing other than her wish in the matter is to be considered. Who can conceivably have the right to dictate to her what disposition she is to make of the functions of her body?" - Ayn Rand  The problem is that pregnancy is not a function of the woman's body brought about solely by the woman. It is a state that protects and develops a product of two people--a man and a woman. (Another proof that the fetus is not a part of the mother). Yet a man has no say in the matter. He cannot save his child if he wants to. And most accuse the pro-lifers of being inconsiderate. Ayn Rand's quote sounds pretty selfish to me.  3. RE: THE FIRST AMENDMENT "Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances."  The DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain UNALIENABLE Rights, that among these are LIFE, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." THE FIRST OF THESE IS LIFE! "That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the CONSENT OF THE GOVERNED, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes DESTRUCTIVE of these ends, it is the RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE TO ALTER OR TO ABOLISH IT, AND TO INSTITUTE NEW GOVERNMENT, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their SAFETY AND HAPPINESS."   4. "The issue of abortion is dependent on the law that governs the people." No issue is dependent on the law to the point that it goes unchallenged or unquestioned. The law does not govern, people govern. The law is made by people. In the instance of abortion, a few people sitting on the supreme court. The law does not tell you that rape or murder or anything else is immoral. If rape and murder was legal than it would not become moral. It would remain detestable, cruel and immoral.
SilentPoet-  I agree with Gilligan a strong relationship (as u get older) is not going to consist without sex. Good sex is part of a good relationship.   And you would know considering you're 14 years old? Exactly how many 'relationships' have you gone through that have lasted more than a month?  gilligan-  habbit has told me to only have sex if i am wanting a child.  It's you funny how you tell me to stop putting words into your mouth, yet, you continue to shove bullcrap into mine.   religion is putting their grimmy fingers into this and telling us NOT TO HAVE SEX.   No, you're not only putting words into my mouth, you're also making up things about religious beliefs. The Bible tells us not to have premarital sex (once you get married, you can have all the sex you want, so what's the problem) because the one of the results are problems like unwanted pregnancies, among others. If every teenager stayed abstinent, there would be very little use for abortion centers, but, as I said before you misquoted me, it's easy for irresponsible and stupid teenagers do whatever they want, as long as someone else suffers the consequences. (Murder of an unfortunate baby.)
The same goes for typing replies like yours, gilligan. I'm trying to help you out by letting you correct your own mistakes, but, since you're so adamant...   I never said not to have sex if you don't want a child. I said it's stupid and irresponsible for teenagers to freak around as much as they want, and then put the consequences of their actions on someone else. (In this case, the unborn baby.)
SilentPoet-  - It is very common that a strong relationship will usually consist of sex. Outlawing sex or expecting teens to not have sex before marriage is idiotic.   No, it won't. Like I said, the average guy may like to think so, but that's not how it works. There's more to a 'strong' relationship (still don't know what you mean) than 'good sex.' Anyone can say they have a 'strong' relationship because the sex is good.   gilligan-  it's funny how you assume i meant teenagers having sex. when did i ever say teenagers. i was referring to anyone having sex. married couples included. they use condoms and birth control. these are not 100% effective. i can't believe you can't see this. wait, yes i can...  First, I haven't met any married couples who would want to use birth control or condoms. Second, married couples aren't usually the ones who are going in for abortions, it's the teenagers, so I don't know what kind of point you're trying to make.
im gonna go a tad off subject for a sec......why us ??? why woman?? we get stuck carrying the baby while u guys can just go around to anyone u want with no worries and we have stuff like PMS and XXXX what the hell do u have???  Sorry just something that was buggin me
- The solution to abortion is not to expect teens or other couples as Gilligan pointed out to stop having sex. It simply will not happen. Teens are going to have sex before they get married. Of course some choose not to have sex before marriage and thats respectable.  Poet,  1. What, in your opinion, is the solution to abortion? (If you think one is needed)  2. Why is it respectable not to have sex before marriage?  3. What kind of relationship do you think is the most stable and healthy for children to be raised?
Poet,  If you were against abortion, you speak as if you would be against it except in cases of rape, incest, or threat to the mother. What is your rationale in making this distinction?  More later on other aspects of your post. Thanks for replying.
Poet,  I agree with you on many points. We agree that making abortion illegal might cut down on the number of abortions because it would discourage some from having them. We agree that the best place for children is in a home with two loving parents. We agree that sex can make a relationship stronger. We agree though that sex is not a necessity that the couple cannot do without. (I think I have gotten all of this correct so far).  Would you also agree that decreasing the number of people having sex in times when they are not ready for children might also cut down on the number of abortions? Maybe this is not the entire solution but it is a reasonable start. I think this was the point Habbit was trying to make although I am not trying to speak for him/her. Perhaps, Habbit was not saying that you should only have sex when you want a child but that you should only have sex if you are accepting of a child. Gilligan conceded that children are the natural fruit of sex sometimes even when various birth control interventions are used to prevent this. So maybe people have sex due to love or due to the desire to achieve that stronger relationship. Kids are not their aim. But kids are a known result of the sexual act. So, whether you use birth control methods that fail or do not use anything, if you are having sex then should you be accepting of the natural consequence of your actions, the natural fruit of the sexual act?  You and Gilligan look at the issue as an observation of the whole and say that people will have sex no matter what. There will always be people having sex. I concede that this may well be a current fact but not an immutable, eternal fact. It can change. I think that your suggestion is that we need other ways to deal with the fruit of sex than abstinence due to the fact that there will always be people having sex. But how do we deal with this on a practical level?   Let's say you are a parent and your kid is reaching the age of adolescence. Do you tell him that he has no chance to resist the physical urges of his body and that he/she should go out and do what all people do? Or do you not say anything to your child about sex and let him figure it out on his own with the possibility that he will meet kids having sex and think that all kids do it? On a practical level this will become a dangerous self-fulfilling prophecy that I spoke of to Gilligan. I am guessing that you would say that neither of the above options would be the best parenting. Let's go to the next step. You may tell your kid that sex is "natural" but he should use a condom or birth control pill (which I propose makes the sex not very "natural" but these are semantics for a different thread). Again this can become a self-fulfilling prophecy. Maybe this advice will protect them a little bit more than an outright reckless apathy or encouragement of unprotected sex though. But as we have established sometimes even these methods do not prevent pregnancy (or STDs). So what is the best advice a parent can give to his child about sex outside of a permanent, committed relationship? I propose it is abstinence. So what is the best path to lead people to achieve this type of relationship? Can you agree that abstinence is not the only method but definitely the best method in practical terms of negating peer pressure and preventing STD, unwanted pregnancy, emotional baggage, and even abortion? What is the best path to lead your child on that will show him the idea that you already have-that the best place for a child is in a home with two loving parents? I cannot think of any adverse side effects of abstinence. It is fullproof. Until you and PARENTS see this as the most appropriate method on a practical level then it will continue to be an ideal that is not a possibility. But if you realize its potential as the best method of protection and prevention then it can become a reality.   Finally, you may ask how this applies to the millions of adults having sex who have no parents to instruct them. I have two points in this matter. 1. Kids practicing abstinence will grow up into adults practicing abstinence. (continuing to prevent abortion) 2. Should we tell kids to practice abstinence (established as the best protection against unwanted babies and STDs) if we as adults are not practicing abstinence?  I have reserved the "Christian moral onslaught" from this post because it seems like some have a reactionary awareness of anything that hints of faith. But if you look at things in practical terms, Christianity works. I'm not saying that this is the reason one should believe but rather that there is a harmony of things as a side effect of proper Christian practice and understanding. The harmony and peace is tangible. It saves people a lot of pain, distress, and heartache.  Peace
"If your parents didn't have children, chances are you won't either" ~Anonymous  First of all, we're genetically wired to have sex. Even priests who take a vow of celibacy have a hard time keeping it. And those than do practice celibacy have a hard time passing along traits that help people resist having sex. I'm still wondering, though, what child can ever observe their parents practicing perfect celibacy?  Chai,  My initial impression of you is that you are all BITE and no BARK. :)  My concession, as poorly worded as it was, originally was in the context of sex outside of marriage. When I conceded that people would always be having sex as a current but not eternal, immutable fact, I meant that it is possible that there can be a real, functional abstinence of society. I now realize that my wording posed a contradiction.  RE: Your statements on celibacy...You say that we are genetically wired to have sex then you say that celibates have a difficult time passing on "traits" to others that promote celibacy. It seems that you mean that celibate mean cannot pass on their celibate genetics because they are not reproducing. But I thought you said that we were genetically wired for sex? Are some genetically wired for celibacy? Is that how they do it?  I don't think so. I never said that abstinence was easy. But the difficulty of some task or philosophy does not establish it as impossible or ineffective. I would guess that most teens do not fail at abstinence because it is difficult. They fail because they have been sold the lie of safe sex, the lie of the self-fulfilling prophecy of "sex is natural," because their parents do not take the time or effort to tell them why waiting for sex is beneficial. I think that celibates are able to remain that way due to a lack of ego-centrism. They see something beyond themselves. And in the Christian philosophy they give themselves for others just as Christ did (whether it be in marriage or the priesthood). Maybe we can start a new thread on this one!!  Does the fact that we are genetically wired to have sex mean that we cannot resist the urge? Does the fact that resisting the urge is difficult mean that we cannot do it? Does the fact that we are genetically wired to eat mean that we cannot resist the urge? Does the fact that we are genetically wired to sleep mean that we cannot resist the urge? (this comparison breaks down due to the fact that sex is not necessary for the survival of the individual as are some of the other "urges") But the question is not whether we have the ability to resist the urge but rather, "What are the benefits of resisting that urge?" I established the benefits in my last post. Of course I left out a few: less risk of cervical cancer for women, departure from the encouragement of lack of committment in men and women due to establishing a pattern of instant gratification/physical intimacy lacking emotional intimacy, increased chance of infidelity in other relationships...Face it, after the 1960s sexual revolution and the introduction of the pill, condoms, and every other method of contraception the teen sex rate has risen decade after decade. The government saw that it was getting out of hand and they saw what effect it would have on the stability of society. So they introduce sex education in school with a major emphasis on safe sex and encouragement of contraceptives. The rate continued to increase and STDs like HPV went out of the roof. So then in the 90s the government began to sponsor abstinence programs. For the first time since the 60s boom the rate actually went down--practical and effective.  "What child can ever observe their parents practicing perfect celibacy?" Do you mean perfect celibacy or absolute celibacy? Or did you simply mean periodic abstinence? Why would parents need to practice absolute celibacy? If married, they are in that stable, committed relationship that is the best place to raise children. But I will give a shot to provide examples of abstinence in a marriage:  1. Father dies, mother devotes herself to children, loves no other for the rest of her life due to the extraordinary love she had for her husband, a devoted celibate  2. Mother dies, father falls in love again, waits until marriage before having sex, he discusses why he does this with his kids  3. Father is injured and loses sexual function (a Christopher Reeve type thing--although I cannot speak about C. Reeve's sexual function, some with spinal cord injuries can, some cannot), wife remains with him faithfully--kids see that parents love is not based on sex  4. Dad has a broken hip, sex would hurt, mom has the ability and committment to wait for him to get better  5. Mom just had a baby and an episiotomy, can't have sex for awhile, dad comforts and pampers her  6. Mom and Dad wait until marriage to have sex, they tell their kids about it to influence their sexual decisions  7. My wife and I are periodically abstinent for a few weeks a month when there are serious reasons for post-poning pregnancy (via Natural Family Planning)
Chai-  There are people who wait to have kids because the financial situation's just not right, or they want to get farther in their career before settling down. There are a million reasons why married couples will use birth control.  Yeah. Um. I think you're smart enough to know what I meant. I never said no couple would ever not have kids, but, tell me of any that say they will never have kids with the expection of it not being possible. By the way, "There are people who wait to have kids because the financial situation's just not right." You're only reinforcing my statement with that quote. The couples want kids, but have decided to wait until their finacial situation becomes better. Once again, I never said that no couple in the world would never want to have kids, but those make up like 5% (exaggeration) of the world's population.   As to the second sentance, aren't you one of the pro-lifers who believe that each and every life is important? Then isn't the aborted fetus of a married couple just as much a victim of murder as an the aborted fetus of a single teenage girl to you?  I'm going to start this response off with the same first three sentences in the last one. "Yeah. Um. I think you're smart enough to know what I meant." The majority of women having abortions... are they married women who usually are the ones having babies, or are they single teenage girls who have hundreds of reasons of why they want to abort their baby.   ----  As for SilentPoet's post and Chai's other responses, I think maximus did an excellent job in his posts of what I was going to say.
http://www.torchx.com/board/index.php?act=ST&f=1&t=20&  I'm having a debate with liberals, and I'm going to need some help. So if anyone is willing to debate, thanks ;-)  I'm against abortion. Whether it's legal or illegal is just an issue of law. Although it's legal in early stage, I don't think in all countries, it's not a good thing ethically.  However, it's sometimes innevitable because if a mother doesn't do so, it could be worse(I'm not saying I'm for it) like ... unhappy baby, mother's suicide maybe, etc.  In any cases, I'm basically against it but not all abortion.
Chai, I was just joking--kind of :). I don't need an apology for the friendly debate of which we have partaken. I have no problem with stern words in debate as long as it's not ad hominem. I throw around strong words too.   Let me get this right. You are saying that growing up in poverty is worse than not growing up at all? Murder (your words) is better?  As far as kids being born with a death sentence due to various supposed painful, torturous, incurable conditions with little life expectancy I have this to say: I work in the medical field and I have first hand knowledge of kids like that living totally different lives than what the doctors predict. They sometimes out live their life expectancy as well. Doctors don't always know what is going to happen. But the problem is that they will not often tell you that they don't know.  You can experience joy and happiness with these kids. And THEY can experience joy and happiness as well as other facets of life. If it's a kid of my own flesh and blood then I want to know that kid--whether it's a few hours, a few days, a few months, or longer. This is not selfishness. I would gamble that he might want to know me and his mother as well. If this thing is a kid then abortion is a horrible thing. I'm not saying this as a condemnation to those who abort but as a regret. They may feel the loss at some time.   Actually your moral standards may be the only right way. There are certain things that are universal. There is objectivity in morality. Don't be afraid of that.   P.S. I hope you continue banging your head. Just plug in some really loud 80s stuff like Quiet Riot or Twisted Sister to make it more fun.  Peace.
Maximus, your sig contains my favorite quote!
Parcum,  I am just now discovering Chesterton's wit and depth. I plan to be reading his stuff for awhile. I am trying to introduce him to others.
I too love Chesterton! emoticon_xlove
Apathy Sam, I believe the verse to which you are referring is Exodus 21:22-25. But notice that it refers to the pregnant woman as a "woman with child."  Nowhere in the Bible is abortion specifically prohibited but the foundation of Christian argument from a biblical perspective is the fact that the unborn being is established as a person from the moment of creation. The unborn being is considered a child. Thus the commandment, "Thou shalt not kill" applies. Check out some of these verses as a start: Psalm 139:13-16, Psalm 71:6, Deutoronomy 30:19, Luke 1:15 and 1:41, Isaiah 49:1, Jeremiah1:5, 1 Corinthians 6:19-20    It is also of note that it was, in a sense, a curse to be barren in the Jewish/Christian community. Children were thought of as a blessing from God Psalm 127:3-5, Matthew 18:10 (there are many other indications of this as well). An attempt at abortion would go against the prevailing culture and mindset.  The early Church also spoke out against abortion. Look at this link to see excerpts of the Church Fathers on the subject: http://www.catholic.com/library/Abortion.asp Keep in mind that not all Christian practices and beliefs are explicity spelled out in scripture.
Hi.  I was reading somewhere a little while ago that there aren't any passages in the Bible that specifically deal with abortion, and that the ones that came close seem to "support" it. There's some story about the purposeful death of a fetus that resulted only in a fine, whereas murder in the Bible ends in the death penalty.. so it seems to be saying that "abortion" (or the closest thing to it) is not equivalent to murder.  Anyway, since abortion is especially hated by religious conservatives, I found this surprising. I was wondering if it was true, and if anyone could point to the Bible passages they use to justify ending (or approving of) abortion.  Thanks much.  The Orthodox Church follows Holy Tradition, and this is the Scripture as rightly understood.  Part of Holy Tradition is the Bible, but also the teachings of the Holy Fathers... some of whom wrote before we put the Bible together.  "In the Orthodox Church calendar there are three occasions in which the Church commemorate three important persons in the womb. This happens in the celebration of The Annunciation, in the feast of the conception of the Theotokos (Mary), by Saint Anne, and the celebration of the conception of Saint John the Baptist by Saint Elizabeth Schaeffer, F, "Dancing Alone: The Quest for Orthodox Faith in the Age of False Religion", pp243-4  The significance of Mary's visitation to her cousin, when the unborn St. John the Baptist leapt for joy means that we understand that personality, and life exist before birth.  Isaiah 49.15 "Can a woman forget her nursing child, and not have compassion on the son of her womb?"  "In the light of Holy Tradition the wilful abortion of a bay by its mother is as unnatural a practice as can be imagined." (Ibid, p244)   "There are two ways of instruction, as there are two powers, that of light and that of darkness. And there is a great difference between the two ways. One is controlled by God's light-bearing angels, the other by the angels of Satan. And as the latter is the ruler of the present era of lawlessness, so the former is lauded from eternity to eternity. Among the precepts of the way of light is this; do not murder a child by abortion, or commit infanticide." From the Epistle of Barbanas (c.138) as quoted in Ibid, p235  "How, then is a living being conceived? Is the substance of both body and soul formed together at the same time, or does one of them precede the other? We do indeed maintain that both are conceived, formed and perfected at the same time, as they are born together; nor is there any moment intervening in their conception, which would give prior place to either. Consider the first events in the light of the last. If death is defined as nothing other than the separation of the body and soul, then life, the opposite of death, should be defined as nothing else but the union of body and soul... We acknowledge, therefore, that life begins with conception, because we content that the soul begins with conception." Quoted from Tertullian (208), in Ibid, p237.
I was born a sinner the moment my mother concieved me... God says we are human beings as soon as we are concieved
"Most Christian Conservatives haven't read the Bible."  So true, if they did they wouldn't even be conservative. Jesus was a Socialist!  You are confusing Conservative Christians with "Churchians". A churchians goes to church every Sunday because that is just what you do. The pray before meals, because, well, that is just what you do. They give to charities, because, um, that is just what you do. They do not read the Bible because they do not understand it. A Christian (who must also be conservative by definition) is someone who is truly seeking God's will and wants to serve Him because they are thankful for all that He has done for them, and they enjoy reading the Bible so they can gain a greater understanding of Him and His ways. In addition, Jesus was not a socialist, He believed in a theocracy. He believed all men should surrender to rule by God.
this may have some glaringly obvious answer... but if one of the commandments is "thou shall not kill" why is the death penalty support by most Christians/conservatives.... well maybe not Christians, but conservatives... which tend to be Christians.   i'm pretty sure there isn't some fine print that says "unless the bastard already killed someone else"  First off, the commandment is "thou shalt not murder", not "thou shalt not kill". God's command is to love our neighbor. If you go around murdering people for whatever reason, you are obviously not showing this love.  However, God did provide for people who unintentionally killed their neighbors. He provided cities of refuge for them (Deut 19) and no one could come and take vengeance on them. God realizes that at certain points in a person&#8217;s life they cannot be rehabilitated. When a person reaches this point of no return, God laid out laws to have them put to death. He also had the Israelites attack and completely destroy certain cities. The term used for this was often something that meant the irrevocable giving over to God. In other words, they were destroyed in such a way that God alone was left to deal with them because man could no longer handle the job. The Israelites did not understand this and often did not do the job God had commissioned them for. Then when the law did require them to stone someone or when God had them attack another nation, they did it out of malice and not love. It is based on these laws that Christians support the death penalty. Jesus did not abolish any of this, but He tried to show people that love should be the motivating factor behind everything someone does. None of the apostles (or Jesus) ever advocated putting another human to death for their sins. However, they did not allow those who openly sinned and saw nothing wrong with it to remain in the church. Since their ministry focused on building the church, and the church was focused on loving others, there was no need to deal with murders. They were to be dealt with by the governmental officials. Before Jesus, the Israelites were under God's government so He made the rules as to who was to be given the death penalty. I believe there are some individuals who cannot be rehabilitated. Since our judicial system does not keep these people behind bars for the rest of their life (mainly due to cost), I see nothing wrong with the death penalty. However, at this point in time I also think that some people are executed who are innocent. I wish there were better laws governing who receives it.
They would say that you weren't a real Christian as well. That all it takes is to believe, or accept Christ into their lives in order to be "saved". And since they are the majority that would make you and your kind heretics. Anybody got a match and a stake? :)  Well, the antichrist is going to come and make any true believer a heretic any way so what am I worried about? I knew the risks before I accept the job. :-)
"Among the most highly regarded of ancient Christian writings is the Didache, which dates from the late first century. [8] Its teaching is unambiguous: "Do not murder a child by abortion or kill a newborn infant." Id. at II, 2. This is echoed in another didactic writing universally esteemed in the ancient Church, the Epistle of Barnabas, from the early second century: "Never do away with an unborn child or destroy it after its birth." Id. at XIX, 5.  The writings of the Fathers of the Church and other authorities further attest to the unanimity with which abortion was condemned. Among the earliest was the philosopher and apologist Athenagoras of Athens, who wrote to the Emperor Marcus Aurelius (c.177) to defend Christians against false charges of murder: "What reason would we have to commit murder when we say that women who induce abortions are murderers, and will have to give account of it to God?" [9] St. Basil the Great (c.330-379) was unequivocable: "A woman who deliberately destroys a fetus is answerable for murder." [10] St. John Chrysostom (c.345-407) who in his famous homilies railed against men who secured the abortions of their illegitimate offspring, called their actions "even worse than murder." Of such men who impelled women to have abortions, he said, "You do not let a prostitute remain a prostitute, but make her a murderer as well." [11]  Finally, Canon 91 of the Quinisext Ecumenical Council (691 A.D.), decreed that people "who furnish drugs for the purpose of procuring abortion, and those who take fetus-killing poisons, they are made subject to the penalty prescribed for murderers." The same canonical position along with the opinions of individual Church Fathers, were compiled in the Photian Collection, which was adopted as the official ecclesiastical law book of the Orthodox Church in 883 A.D" http://www.orthodoxinfo.com/praxis/abortion.htm
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what "abortionist's" say is a load of XXXX!! I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion! I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation! Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion. I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life!
My dear mortal, have you not ever heard of adoption? Women are aborting because their too selfish to wait 9 months to give their CHILD a loving home. Their are 3 million people a year waiting for a baby! Maybe your the one who should open your eyes and see the truth, I pray that God will unharden your cold heart...
[QUOTE=Crim]Awww Poor people unwilling to adopt a child who isn't a healthy, white newborn.  That is not true. I just helped with a pageant yesterday that only adopted children could be in and they were of all ethnics. You stick to your thoughts of stereotype and i will broaden the horizon.
Poor people unwilling to adopt a child who isn't a healthy, white newborn.  Really? Okay, let's just kill them all then.
"I want to adopt a kid" "ok, here's a kid who needs to be adopted"  "I'm pregnent and I don't want a kid" "That's okay, just take it to the doctor and he'll rip off the kid's limbs and cause trauma to your life".  The truth is, the law still stands that it is legal for a woman to choose, another truth is that the God you mention has repeatedly warned you against judging others.  Hey bud, slavery was legal too. So slavery was OK.
Post Abortive Stress Syndrome (PASS) (http://www.boundless.org/2000/features/a0000230.html)  "Standard PTSD is a psychological dysfunction that often comes from threats or experiences of physical injury, sexual violation, and the witnessing of or participating in a violent death. It's the same as the "shell-shock" that veterans go through. The trauma makes the victim's defense mechanisms soar out of control. They take on a life of their own and cause alterations in personality and behavior. In technical terms, the results are hyper-arousal (extreme sensitivity, nervous agitation, sleeplessness, constant alert to danger); intrusion (the bad experience breaks into ordinary life, often in the form of nightmares) and constriction (inability to reach out to others and express emotions). The trauma in PASS comes from the pressure to abort from boyfriends or family, the anxiety over choosing the abortion, the physical pain of the procedure (despite anesthesia!) and, most obviously, guilt once the abortion has been performed. Some women have even said that an abortion feels like rape - a sexual violation performed by a complete stranger causing extraordinary pain. PASS is particularly virulent in women who have had chemical abortions, because these abortions produce a complete, perfect and dead child.   One study found that at least 19 percent of women who have had abortions suffer from some form of PASS. In all likelihood, the rate is actually higher, because these studies have high drop-out rates - and generally from the women who suffer the most intensely. Dr. Wanda Franz, testifying before a congressional hearing on the impact of abortion in March of 1989, summarized the syndrome by saying that women "report horrible nightmares of children calling them from trash cans, of body parts and of blood ... they re-experienced it [the abortion] with terrible psychological pain ... they feel worthless and victimized because they failed at the most natural of human activities - the role of being a mother."   It doesn't stop there. There are reports of sexual dysfunction, both of extreme revulsion to sex and extreme promiscuity. Many women contemplate suicide and a fair number of those attempt it; studies in England and Finland identify a definite link between abortion and suicide. Smoking, drinking and drug use all increase after abortions, as do eating disorders. Post-abortive women are more prone to divorce and chronic relationship problems; they find it difficult to bond with their children born after the abortion and many simply continue the pattern - by now, 45 percent of all abortions are repeat abortions. All these expressions of PASS can show up from minutes after the abortion to decades later. Often it takes five to ten years of denial before the memories and emotions begin to surface uncontrollably.   The turmoil of PASS is probably best seen in the dreams of those suffering from it. The site afterabortion.org catalogs a number of these dreams. Here's a fairly representative one:   My dream has been repeated so many times over the years ... I can wake myself up now. The dream starts in an old three-story house. Sometimes I'm in the back of the house, sometimes I'm just driving up, sometimes I am already in the house. Big, white, clean, hardwood floors, beautifully decorated. I always think that it is a good dream. Then I start up the beautiful winding stairs. I am apprehensive but I still go up the stairs. I finally make it to the room on the third floor. The room is completely empty. There is only a white box under the window across the room. I walk into the room. I am never alone, someone is always with me. That part is ironic considering the complete feelings of isolation I have had all these years. Anyway, I walk to the box. Sometimes I hear a baby crying and I quickly open the box only to find it empty. Other times I have opened the box to find baby clothes. Other times I have found a dead baby. Other times I have found my old bloody clothes. I stand over the box crying and the intensity wakes me up."  Yup, us Pro-Lifers definately don't care about the woman. We are Patriarchial Men who are plotting ways to keep them upstart women under our thumb. We want to ruin women's lives. Our lives are driven by a compulsion to control. We don't really care that the unborn, which we believe to be human, is being murdered. No, that's just a front so's we can use compassionate people to unwittingly help us fulfill our neurotic need for power.
 The gross majority of abortions performed are during the first few months, in which the fetus has not yet developed limbs, you might be talking about partial birth abortion, which has been characterized as abortion performed after the first trimester, although in many of these instances, it is the same procedure as the first kind I mentioned.  Yes they are usually done in the first few months, but at that point the fetus does have limbs. You can't have an abortion without the fetus being a certain size. However, abortions are still done quite often at later stages. Any kind of abortion is legal up to 9 months.    To be exact, the type of abortion in which a child's limbs are "ripped off" for years has only been permitted in dire medical need, but because of people like you, this has recently been outlawed , meaning you take more consideration for the life of the unborn than that of the mother.  LOL! How ridiculous! It's called Surgical Abortion and no it hasn't been outlawed. If you go to a Planned Parenthood office they offer it. The Partial Birth Abortion is now illegal, but that's when they take the entire fetus out except for the head, and stab the back of the fetus' head.    You also calim that an abortion causes trauma to your life- do you mean emotional trauma? In that case, I suggest you show a little compassion for these women, If you are talking about physical trauma, that is increased severely when you make the procedure illegal and women are forced to go to unclean and often inept "doctors" often causing serious complications and even death.  I was talking about both physical and emotional trauma. Both happen on legal abortions. There was a recent case about a woman in Los Angeles who died from a Planned Parenthood abortion- it was completely legal. She had two sons and a husband. Bad abortions are happening within the companies that do them. Robbie has already given you a link for PASS.
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what "abortionist's" say is a load of XXXX!! I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion! I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation! Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion. I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life!  I am christian and pro life. I am against abortion and always will be. However, your statements of hatered are embittered and showing of immaturity. Your comments of hatred and a statement of prolife do not wash.  God loves all mankind. Don't be so arrogant to think you do not sin and that you are perfect and therefore "these people" deserve your wrath. Judgment is for God not you. You say people here are stereotyping (a few posts back) and then you use phrases like "you people." Get a clue. If you want your arguments to fly, then use logic, reason, and caring. Otherwise you will find that no one will listen.
Well said.  I would recommend reading Boundless, prolife. (www.boundless.org) It is a really interesting webzine that gives some compelling arguements for the Christian view. They don't mince words, but are still caring. Not to mention, it is just really fun to read. Many of my arguments rely on what I've learned from that site. It has developed my ability to think logically. I admire your ambition, but I agree that you are condemning and unconvincing.
I agree with Epaphras.    so are 'bad' pregnancies. women can die from child birth, yet abortion is bad in your eyes.  Your justification for abortion was that women die from illegal ones (or something to that extent). My condemnation for abortion is that becuase the fetus is human, abortion is always homocide.
I agree with Epaphras.     Your justification for abortion was that women die from illegal ones (or something to that extent). My condemnation for abortion is that becuase the fetus is human, abortion is always homocide.   Well, I think I will be sending Satan a snow shovel about now.  We actually agree on something. It is "inconceivable" (to quote "the Princess Bride")
Why to Bible-Christians like the "Princess Bride" so much? Every single Bible-Catholic and Bible-Protestant I know has seen that movie (except me)!
Why to Bible-Christians like the "Princess Bride" so much? Every single Bible-Catholic and Bible-Protestant I know has seen that movie (except me)!  1) It is very funny! 2) It is a great treatise on faithfulness 3) It is very funny! 4) It is a great treatise on Love. 5) It is very funny!
Exactly! You should see it.
Most people, regardless of religion, like that movie. It's got fairy-tale romance that women like and action and comedy that men like.  Plus... ANDRE THE GIANT  And of course.............The Dread Pirate Roberts!
At what point in development does a fetus become human, in yuor opinion? Is it at conception, or does it happen later?  Its not a question of whether when the fetus becomes a human, it's now a question of "Does God have a life prepared for this fetus" If you kill that fetus, you are ignorant and screw up God's plan for that human. I am concious about if you don't believe in God but this is my opinion. Believe it or don't, your choice. But i will continue to pray that God might reveal himself to many, if not all pro-abortionists.  Pillar's motto "Stay UP, never LET DOWN, We keep a rockin, till ya all come around now!"
Religion doesn't indict abortion; logic, morality, and science does.
 Funny how it is science that developed the procedures used, guaranteeing us the safe and sanitary methods employed across the globe.  I suppose it's also "funny" that science has created ways to exterminate Jews in Germany. I suppose it's also "funny" that we have guns. I suppose it's also "funny" that we have the ability to kill innocent people. This is all a big funny show, isn't it?   One person's morals are another person's cage. Let's look back through time at all the peopled supposed to be "moral and just" who are convicted of horrible assaults upon their children and spouses, and worse! How many people have died, victims of holy wars and someone's idea of "morality"?  Yes, but name one culture that practices the killing of an innocent being without consent or with convenience. There aren't any. All human beings naturally respect everyone's right to life. The one, true, basic moral is; thou shall not murder. You cannot kill another being for your own convenience; you cannot kill another being because you don't want it. Just like I'm not allowed to kill a newborn, I'm not allowed to have an abortion.    Another person's version of morality might make it ok to bomb an abortion clinic.  Why do pro-choicers always become cowards during abortion debates and attack the acts of a very small population of pro-lifers? It's ridiculous!   Thank heavens the American curts have taken all evidence: moral, logical, and scientific, and have still supported a woman's right to choose.  Choose to do what? What does this "choice" involve? The sentence is incomplete. "The woman's right to choose..." what? What is this decision that she has a right to?
Now now now, I htink we're letting our emotions run away with us... take a deep breath.  Now- please tell me what possible reason you have to think that your own personal opinion about anything should enter into my decision making process? You call me ignorant if I choose to "kill" that fetus, that I screw up God's plan for that human. I'm sorry... I know this is far beyond you to realize that I might have my own plan. Far be it from me to ask you to respect my right as a human to make choices regarding my own life, my own personal health, my own future. Why can't you people realize that your religion and it's beliefs are not superior, and are definitely not relevant. Guess what? Even if I was to buy into the whole christian mythology... I would still protect my right to choose... that's my responsibilty as a human. Go ahead and pray... I know I can't stop you.... But I would trade a thousand of your prayers for just one ounce of understanding.  I didn't say that I know God totally, I respect your right, but like I said it was an opinion, accept it or not, that doesn't mean i'm violating your right. Listen to yourself. The next thing i will type you can accept or not. I don't care. But i think that you should take it into consideration, that s all i ask, ok?   How do you know that God doesn't have a plan for that fetus? What if he does? You don't know so stop making contradictions of someting you know nothing about, You don't know God enough (you don't know him at all actually), don't you understand? Get to know God first then talk to me. God can do a miracle for that fetus when it comes for adoption. It just comes down to prayer. I know that we don't have the majority anymore but I think that's why there are so many kids orphaned. Simple, not enough prayer. I'm sure other christians have different opinions, so don't think that this is the answer that all christians have. You try to prove things through physical things, You can't do that.... it's spiritual, you can feel it...that would be the holy ghost. you can't see it because it is nothing of this world.   If i have something incorrect here like something i missed, plz tell me, it's not my fault, sometimes i can't pay attention enough to what is said here. So much so little time. (I'm in school)  One more thing which doesnt pertain to abortion but it troubles me, Evolutionists have been saying that the Earth is not young, correction it is young IN GOD'S EYES. Time does not exist in His realm.  Christian Mythology? wait a second. what makes you think it's mythology anyways. You make it sound like Greek Mythology. It's based on faith and the bible. Not something just made up. other C's please support me on this. Bell rang.
Plain and simple... the woman has a right to decide whether or not she wants to have a child, whether or not she can financially afford that child...whether or not her abusive husband might injure or kill said child...whether or not she can physically or emotionally afford that child. Whether her body can handle the stress of pregnancy.. whether her mind can handle the hormonal and emotional changes of that pregnancy and after...   It is her body, her child. The only people who should have any say in this decision would be the mother, the father, and her doctor. Not you, not me, not a group of religious fanatics who have never heard there's a soup kitchen in need of workers.  Thats where you put that child up for adoption!! duh... know that doesnt have to with religion, ok, thats common sense.
 I find it quite interesting that you choose to equate these inventions of warfare and hatred with this rather simple medical procedure. Abortion has been around since the beginning of mankind. Until recently it was a dangerous procedure, often leaving the woman sterile, or even dead. Only recently has a woman been able to make an appointment with a respected doctor for a safe procedure. The difference between a doctor developing a painless and safe procedure to eliminate an unwanted pregnancy, and that of a doctor concieving of a way to kill is very simple. In the latter case he is trying to end a life. In the former case he is trying to save a woman from bleeding out in a dirty back alley somewhere.  Firstly, abortion has not been around since the beginning of mankind, although it's been around for a while. Secondly, murder (which abortion is), has been around since the beginning of mankind. Now it's a very dangerous procedure; you could be arrested or suffer death penalty.   You seem to be quite ignorant about abortion. What exactly is abortion "eliminating"? What is being "eliminated"?    Plain and simple... the woman has a right to decide whether or not she wants to have a child, whether or not she can financially afford that child...whether or not her abusive husband might injure or kill said child...whether or not she can physically or emotionally afford that child. Whether her body can handle the stress of pregnancy.. whether her mind can handle the hormonal and emotional changes of that pregnancy and after...  You're not answering my question. I'm not asking why she makes this choice; I'm asking what the choice does. Be very specific.    It is her body, her child. The only people who should have any say in this decision would be the mother, the father, and her doctor. Not you, not me, not a group of religious fanatics who have never heard there's a soup kitchen in need of workers.  Since when is it her body? Since when does a woman have a penis or two vaginas? And also, since when is it the mother's choice whether her child should live or painfully die? Again, be specific.
 Wrong on all counts yet again. Abortion has been around in one form or another since women discovered that certain herbs would induce a miscarriage and used it to stop an unwanted pregnancy. Murder has only been around since we had invented the concept of law.  Nope. Murder (or the killing innocent others) has been around since humans existed. In the earliest known history of man, we have evidence of murderers. Remember the Iceman? That was over 5,300 years ago (3,300 BC). Abortions only began to happen in  2600 BC. You are wrong.    It terminates an unwanted pregnancy.  Besides the fact that you've given a wrong answer and just gave me a synonym of "eliminating a pregnancy", I don't want you to answer the question, as I wasn't directing it to you. This is for superbudd.   Again you show your incredible ignorance in this matter. We've gone over this all before and shown you where you are mistaken. You are just repeating nonsense.  We've gone through this, and you never give me a direct answer. You, Charchuk, tend to rely on red herrings, personal attacks, and changes of subjects to debate.
 The site you meantioned didn't say anything about murder. Besides, he died well within the time of civilization existence.  There have been recent findings that his death may have been from murder. And are you trying to tell me the Sumerians didn't murder?    That is the oldest example of a recorded recipe found, not the first abortion recipe...  ...There are older civilizations than the Egyptians. Much had been passed down through oral tradition from mother to daughter as "Women's Secrets". Most women were not allowed to learn to read and write when R&W became little morw common as well.   Oh please! Show me some evidence of earlier abortions. Show me evidence of this Egyptian abortion procedure.    No, I gave a correct answer. You just don't understand what is being said.  I understood perfectly, but you didn't answer it. You just changed what superbudd said.    BTW, I find it ironic that you just got your information from an abortion clinic.  It's a good source. One that you can believe.
Sure, adoption is a great alternative, but not always the most appropriate. In this debate I always hear about the thousands of childless couples who are just dying to adopt...but the same day, I hear about another dozen unwanted and unloved children slipping through the crack of the system. It seems that these "loving" couples have too many conditions to meet; the child is either too old or too young, too black or too white, too ugly, too needy, too much something wrong. I know three couples who are looking to adopt right now. Out of the three, not one would be willing to take a child with serious health problems. "It would be too hard, after all this." one woman said. Another, not so sensitive, said only, "How do you play with a crack baby?" A large percentage of the pregnancies that are aborted each year include those with serious defects and diseases. Add to that the children of drug addicts and "undesirable" lifestyles.   Is there no case in which the woman has a right to decide her own medical future? Isn't there any justification for a woman dying of cancer to want to savor and enjoy her last days, rather than in pain and distress over a pregnancy which will shorten her life, a pregnancy with a poor prognosis because of her disease?   I know  because it makes you feel better as a person to sit there and pass judgement on her. because that's what a certain religion dictates- nevermind that its not her religion. because these ignorant pro-life folk are much more concerned with a hypothetical life, than the quality of an existing one   I know you said that you don't believe in God, but I think it just comes down to prayer. If you pray about that child, then I believe that that person will be adopted. But since the majority doesn't believe in God I guess that's why so many children are orphaned and left alone. I guess many people today don't care. That's my opinion. Remember, i'm just saying my opinion. Plz don't attack it like it is personal. ( I also believe that Children are suffering, not because of God but because of others who just don't care.) I'm not saying you don't care... I don't know you well enough. That's my thought, plz correct me on any mistakes i made, like Robbie or Montalban. Plz, I don't want any others replying to this message except for Robbie, Montalban, or Superbuddhaman. I can't take so much arguements at once like you can. Private message me if you wan't to know why (it's personal)
 Depends on how they defined it. Murder is a legal term. As I had said, to the Hebrews it was murder to kill one of their own, but not a heathen, or gentile.  Fine, "the killing of innocent people".
That is a very cruel statment. You mean that your god is so petty that not even one prayer would be enough to get these children adopted? That he/she/it would punish orphaned children just because most people don't pray?  BTW, at least 84% of Americans believe in the Christian god. And around 95% believe in a god.  What am I saying, of course god would..   ISA 14:21 Prepare slaughter for his children for the iniquity of their fathers; that they do not rise, nor possess the land, nor fill the face of the world with cities.   Excuse me, didn't i just say that i didnt wan't anyone else responding! other than Robbie, Montalban, Superbuddhaman?? ok, it was a very cruel statement, thankyou for letting me know in such an offensive manner. But thanks for correcting me when not asked. emoticon_angry
I don't think someone who has an abortion is going to ruin the almighty, all knowing, all powerful diety who obviously knows the future and thus the outcome of anything is his plan. So the abortion of a fetus is actaully part of his "plan".   God knew that abortioned baby before it even entered the womb. There is something like that, im not saying anymore cause ill know ill be critized again
 Wrong, the UNLAWFUL killing of a human being. They killed innocent human beings all of the time. The Romans did it for entertainment. This is where the idea of a circus came from.  Yes, the Romans did it all the time. That was the killing of innocent human beings. The unlawful killing of human beings would mean it was against the law- but the Romans obviously did not have moral or governmental laws against this sort of murder.    Abortion has been around since the first unwanted pregnancy. And if the child wasn't aborted, then it was left "on the hillside for nature to take its course" we didnt call it abortion, because back then, english was not spoken.  No, Abortion hasn't been around since the first unwanted pregnancy. I already showed you that the earliest findings of Abortion were in 2,600 BC.    OK, Parcum, I can tell you want me to spell it out. What is terminated is a possibly healthy life. An unborn child dies. A pregnancy is terminated. That is definite, what is not is the quality of life and health of that child, if it was to be born. The latter does not seem to concern you.  There is something we must understand: If the fetus is a human being, it has every right to live. Nobody can take it's life. However, if it's part of the mother or not a human being, it has no right. Now let's say the infant is born. Do I have a right to kill it because it has the possibility of living a very sad life in the future? Of course not. There are two reasons for this; 1) You are not to judge another being's state and choose for it whether it should live or die. 2) You never know what it's future will be. Joan of Arc had a sad childhood. Saline Dion was planned to be aborted. Since when do parents have the right to decide if their children should die?    OK, once again, the man who has called me ignorant knows not what this choice does. ok, let me spell it out for you. In a normal, early-term abortion, the woman goes to the clinic, is put up in the stirrups. She is given a local anaesthetic, and another drug which will dilate her cervix. At that point, the doctor goes in and scrapes the sides of her uterus, removing the lining and the pregnancy. In simple terms, once again, the life is terminated. This is a relatively painless outpatient procedure. IN most cases the woman suffers almost no pain, no bleeding, and no permanenet damage. In about 1 out of 1000 cases there will be some hemoraging, and in about 1 in 10,000, resulting sterility.  There have been 273 deaths of women from legal abortions from 1980-1990. However, usually it is painless for the mother. But what about the fetus? That fetus is torn apart inside the mother's body and taken out, literally. The fetus definitely feels pain! Don't you think the fetus matters too?   since when is it her body? Since I have never seen a deed to her uterus signed over to another, to be blunt. A woman has one vagina, usually in order for pregnancy to occur, it has to be penetrated by a penis,ejaculated into, and her ovum must be fertilized. (rather simple stuff- my 8 year old nephew gave me a refresher- you should try some elementary education.) Since when should a mother be able to decide whether her child should live, or painfully die? Back a few paragraphs i explained the abortion procedure to you. I seriously doubt the child feels any pain, since in the first trimester, it's nervous system is barelybeginning to form, and the pain receptors have not been established. (if this is hard for you to understand, that 8 year old might be able to explain it.) The woman has the right because it is she who has this thing growing in her body, not you on your high seat of holier than thou power. Most people think that a woman is naturally ingrained wih the knowledge of waht is best for her children after birth, but no-one can handle thinking she is before.  A) But it isn't her body. If it were her body the fetus would need to have the same DNA, same blood type, same everything. But it doesn't. The fetus has a different DNA. The fetus has a different blood type. Also, if the fetus was part of the mother, then that would mean the mother has two vaginas, or a penis and vagina, or four arms, four legs, two different brains, four eyes, four legs, two hearts, et cetera. I don't think there is such thing as one human being with all that. B) The child does feel pain. The nervous system comes at around six weeks, and sympathetic nerves come at 8 weeks. 78% of abortions are done during or AFTER the 6th week, and 60% of abortions are done during or after the 8th week. Obviously, most abortions do cause the pain of the fetus. But does it matter whether it feels pain or not? If I go unconscious, most likely I don't feel pain. Does that mean anyone has the right to kill me? Of course not. C) Why does the woman have a right to control anything growing in her body? That doesn't necessarily matter. If I were to shrink and be placed in a tiny ship to go into the mother's body to fix her heart, does she have the right to kill me? No. The fetus is a living, human being, who has every right in the world.
Okay, superbudd, before I go ahead and respond: PLEASE LEARN HOW TO QUOTE :-)  the tags are [ quote ] [ / quote ]  THANK YOU.
 The earliest findings....that is a concieted way of saying records. Let me point out that the first narrative, the Epic of Gilgamesh, dates from roughly the same period, 3rd millenium B.C. Are we to believe that people didn't tell stories before that?  I don't doubt that Abortion has been around for a long time. But I'm positive murder has been around longer, which was the debate me and Charchuk were having.   1. People choose the whys wherefores and hows of other beings existence everyday. I'm from Colorado (farm country) and have seen this firsthand. On a daily basis we are called to make these decisions. We put a horse down to "put it out of it's misery", we kill of millions of "pests" (prairie dogs, rats, etc) every day, we kill off thousands of cows a day because they taste good. These are everyday occurrences people in farm country are comfortable with, and these deaths are for worse reasons that say, inevitable organ shutdown. 2. Of course we never know what the future holds, but perhaps the extensively learned and trained medical professionals have more insight than most? Parents make this decision on a regular basis. Visit the ICU sometime, you'll meet parents struggling with that decision. Of course, whether they'll want your opinion remains to be see. (PS its CELINE- as in the greek moon goddess, not SALINE- as in a water/salt solution.)  1) Would you put an infant "out of it's misery"? Obviously, horses and humans are two different things. Humans have laws; animals have instinct. Every human is going to eventually die. Just because the fetus would die at the age of three doesn't mean it doesn't have a right to live. This is why the overwhelming population of handicapped people are pro-life- if you're not conceived perfectly with no problems, you're killed. Handicapped people aren't perfectly created, so they know they will be next.   2) Why does that matter? Have you not seen the movie "Gattaca"? The main character in the movie, Vincent (later "Jerome"), wasn't born perfectly in his futuristic world, where humans were created genetically perfect. He had a 99% chance of dying at the age of 30 from heart failure. His whole life people thought of him as chronically ill. So much so, there was a new lower-class of people who weren't genetically perfect. In the work force, the only good-paying prestigious jobs were only open to people created perfectly. He fought the system and eventually got the most prestigious job there, and he didn't die at the age of 30. Nothing happened. I've been to ICUs. I think it's great that mothers are trying to save their children. But do you think parents should make the decision to kill their newborn infant, or should they do their best to let it live?    Except in the case of late term abortion, the fetus is removed intact. (This is to pervent a little thing called toxic shock syndrome) And also I might point out, again, that in most cases, the abortion is performed before the end of the first trimester.   LOL! Here is an image drawn by Nucleus Medical Art that shows the abortion procedure on a 9-week-old fetus. I could show you the 23-week old one too if you'd like. Secondly, according to the CDC, 60% of abortions are done during or after the 8th week, when the fetus can feel pain. This is before the first trimester, but the first trimester goes all the way to 12 weeks.    Simple anatomy here: pain is the brain's response to electrical stimuli, without a fully developed nervous system, including complete neural networks, this "feeling" does not exist.  That doesn't matter. The  fetus still feels pain, and this is from a very liberal site    This signal is sent via nerve pathways to the spinal column, then to the thalamus - an egg-shaped structure within the brain. Finally the signal is transferred to the cerebral cortex where it is sensed as pain. In a fetus, the pain receptors develop around 7 weeks after conception; the spino-thalamic system at about 13 weeks. Here   He estimated the age at which a preborn child feels pain: "As early as eight to 10 weeks' gestation, and definitely by thirteen and a half weeks, the human fetus experiences organic pain." Here  The fetus feels the full pain at 20 weeks, that is pain like we feel, but there is still pain to the fetus with the new pain receptors.    What gives you more right than she to make these decisions? answer carefully.  What makes the government the right for me not to kill you? Why should I listen to the Pope? Your parent says it's wrong for me to kill you, but what gives them to make my decision? It's MY choice, is it not?
 I dare say her childhood wasn't nearly as bad as her death. Burned at the stake... can you imagine how horrific that was? How incredibly painful? How it must have felt to have her skin, inch by inch, burned to a crisp. took a while too, I'm sure. Hours. compared to the ten minute (at a stretch) abortion procedure.  So we should've killed Joan of Arc when she was a fetus, right? What about when she was newly born? What if she was paralyzed? What if she was unconscious? Just because you either don't or feel little pain doesn't mean that somebody has the right to inflict it on you, because in their opinion you should be dead. I'm sure Joan of Arc was happy she lived. I'm happy I lived. If I died savagely, I'm not going to ask God to make it so I never existed; I'm happy that I at least had a little bit of life.    You talk about the pain of an incomplete, partially formed embryo, one that has not the nervous system to support the feeling of pain, and in the same post you then point out how great Jean d'Arc's life was? How much worse off she would have been if she had not lived? I'm sure she felt that way as she was imprisoned, tortured, and finally executed by the devoutly religious.  She was killed at the hands of the Catholics, remember? The same people who are supposed to believe in "Thou shalt not kill" And remember, it took the church 500 years to decide, well, maybe we shouldn't a done that.  She was Catholic, and in fact a Catholic saint, and before that she was a venerable, and blessed (only a few decades after her death). Sure, it took the church 500 years to decide if she was a saint or not- but it takes a while. We weren't sure if her miracles were true; we weren't sure if she was holy. The church doesn't just say "Ah she was good, she must be a saint!". It takes YEARS for one to be a saint. It took Kateri Tekawitha 150 years. Joan of Arc's time is relatively short compared to others.
Pardon me but I have a question for those here that don't believe in God.  How do you believe the world came into existence?  Also, Charchuk: The unborn is not potentially human, it is actually human. Disprove the scientific law of biogenesis if you want to argue otherwise.
Also, could every person here who is pro-abortion rights explain briefly why they believe the fetus is not a "person?" Please also say whether or not you think there is such a thing as objective moral law. I know this is a bit redundant but it would make things easier considering there is a lot of disagreement about it and I'd appreciate it. :-)
That fallacy again? The world was formed from the Solar Nebula around 4.5 billion years ago. The universe is around 8 to 9 billion years older than our solar system. Before that it is an unknown.    As you would know if you'd bother to read what has been posted is that we've never said that it wasn't human. When I say potential I mean a potential human being, a person. That is the point. You believe that DNA is what makes us a human being. Transgenic animals prove you wrong.  At risk of offending you, where did the nebula come from? (and yes, I know you know what I am getting at.)
For one it is not pro-abortion rights or anything. It is pro-choice. Would you like it if I called you anti-freedom of choice?  It doesn't have the capacity to be a person as in it doesn't have a higher brain during the time of most abortions.    There is no such thing as objective moral law. All morality is subjective to each culture. I don't mean relative or to do as one please either. I've given examples of this as well.  All you have to do to get your answers is to actually read what has already been written.  Char: I am curious, why do you think people have a sense of morality? What purpose does it serve?
The remains of a previous star system. It is the ultimate recycling program. :) A star dies, the expelled material gradually condenses to a critical point and nuclear fusion occurs again. The planets are just left over debris which was far enough away not to get dragged back into the sun but was still able to form on its own. Did you know that Jupiter is a failed star? The Alpha Centari star system had been part of the same nebula as well as Tau Ceti and some other local star systems which gradually had drifted out of the stellar nursery, which had been the nebula to where they are now. One could say that this is how stars reproduce.  Interesting. But where did all this material come from Originally?
As I had said, unknown. It could have always existed in a never ending cycle of expansion and contraction the same of with the stars, or not. Who created god? If god could have existed forever, then why not the universe? Or the Cosmos?  Those are good questions. I am still pondering that one myself. However, I think it has something to do with the fact that God is sentient and the universe is not. There is a difference between a creator and what is created. My argument is not well thought out as of yet, so I will stop here. I will try to give better soon.
 Murder has only been around since there was the concept of law to define it.  Do you think animals have abortions? No. Do you think animals kill innocent beings? No.    Guess what, I'm handicapped. I'm a victim of Thalidomide. Walk in my shoes for a while and you'll change your mind in a hurry. I'm also slowly going blind, I'm a type II diabetic, and every joint in my body is doubled (loose). I have to walk with a cane and take pain medication. You remind me of the old saying, "I cried because I had no shoes, until I met a man who had no feet." I have no feet (Well not literally, but you get the point.) I can speak for the handicapped. Shut up, you don't know what you're talking about.  I'm sorry. So are members of my family. The vast majority of handicapped people are pro-life- I'm not saying all are.    It is a drawing, not a photo.  Um. Okay. Nice observation?   Their ability to punish you.  Then should we punish mothers for having abortions?
"That fallacy again?"  There was no possibility for fallacy, I only asked a question.  "You believe that DNA is what makes us a human being."  When did I say this?  "Transgenic animals prove you wrong."  Actually they don't do anything considering you assumed I believe DNA makes us humans. Out of curiosity, what do you mean?  "For one it is not pro-abortion rights or anything. It is pro-choice. Would you like it if I called you anti-freedom of choice?"  Why don't you want to be associated with abortion? Is there something wrong with abortion? Pro-abortion rights simply means you're in favor of people having a right to an abortion. Pro-choice is an incomplete term. The issue has to do with what choice you're making. I'm pro-choice too. I think we should all have the right to choose a lot of things. What jobs we're gonna have, what kind of pie we want for thanksgiving, etc. I don't believe we should get to "choose" to torture our toddlers for fun. I don't believe we should get to "choose" to kill born children. I don't believe we should get to "choose" to kill our unborn children. And I know, you don't think the unborn are persons or human beings or whatever. However, that's the issue.  "It doesn't have the capacity to be a person as in it doesn't have a higher brain during the time of most abortions."  What do you mean by higher brain? The term is very vague, please clarify.  "There is no such thing as objective moral law. All morality is subjective to each culture."  Was the holocaust wrong?  Is our war in Iraq wrong?  Suppose a society decided it was right for men to rape any women they wanted and torture them if they felt like it. Would that be wrong?  "All you have to do to get your answers is to actually read what has already been written."  To a certain degree I can do that. However I have a problem with making solid conclusions based on that because the context is always different and it is time consuming.  Epaphras said: "Char: I am curious, why do you think people have a sense of morality? What purpose does it serve?"  You replied: "Survival. My chances of living are greater if I have others around to help and protect me. You scratch my back I scratch yours. The barbarians are gone, civilization is still here. It works. It is called enlightened self-interest."  So how did it come into being? Did a group of humans come together and decide what they thought should be moral?  "As I had said, unknown."  If you can't explain the origin of the universe without God, why do you still reject the notion of God? It makes more sense than evolution. I find it very amusing that you call this argument a fallacy when you can't answer it at all with any evidence, only possibilities somebody made up. How exactly is this argument a fallacy?  "It could have always existed in a never ending cycle of expansion and contraction the same of with the stars, or not."  You can suggest any fairy tale you want. Why should I believe that's the case?  "Who created god?"  I as well am not done looking for answers on that one. However I have found one that makes sense to me. This, essentially, is the argument for God based on the origin of the universe.  1. Everything that begins to exist has a cause (there is no effect without cause). 2. The universe began to exist. 3. Therefore the universe had a cause.  If you applied this to "who created God," you would have this:  1. Everything that begins to exist has a cause. 2. God began to exist. 3. Therefore God had a cause.  There are two problems with this that I see. First, this is an argument based on logic. But God created logic, he isn't bound by it. He is bound only by his nature. Second, the second premise is false. God is infinite, he never began, he was always there.  "If god could have existed forever, then why not the universe? Or the Cosmos?"  The reasons I stated above, and very few scientists accept that idea. Something about a red ring theory or something, I'll have to get back to you on that, I don't have the info available at the moment.  "One interesting idea is that since all of the stars systemd within a certain distance of us are all made from the same stellar material that if we ever do make it there and find life bearing worlds it stands a good chance that we'd also be genetically compatible as well."  Interesting perhaps but what evidence is there for this?  "Some on here believe that the universe itself is god and that it is sentient as well and that we are just a tiny part of it. Some people don't like the idea of only being a part instead of being the whole."  Some people believe you can only pray if you're standing on your head, I'm not kidding. People believe all sorts of things. If you want to make an argument, don't forget the evidence.  "You already do. Abortion is not illegal. Since murder is the UNLAWFUL killing of a human being and abortions are legal there has been no crime committed."  You're right, no crime has been committed. But that doesn't mean no evil has been committed. Suppose the government legalized torture. If someone went and tortured you no crime would be committed there either.
Some on here believe that the universe itself is god and that it is sentient as well and that we are just a tiny part of it. Some people don't like the idea of only being a part instead of being the whole.  I have been pondering this abit. Here is my thinking. The universe exists within a framework. Most folks would call that framework space-time. To be self existent, it would necessarily have to come from outside of the framework. There would have to be something that is outside of time for time to exist. We could call that eternity. No one might say that eternity is a framework and would require something outside of it to exist. That would not follow logically. Eternity by definition is frameless. Boundless. That concept leads to a definition of God.
 Do bananas have apples? Lions will kill and eat the offspring of thier defeated competitor when they take over the pride.  Ah, but to them it isn't murder. It's more for survival. When the cubs grow up, they will be able to tell if he was the father or not. Lions don't get mad and kill their mate's cubs, they kill them for their own survival.    BTW, non-human animals do kill innocent beings all of the time and eat them. Murder is a human concept. Just like guilt/innocence, good/evil, right/wrong are.  YES! This is what makes us DIFFERENT from animals! Hence, murder has been with humans for a long time. Way before abortion. Abortion isn't a natural thing- it is unnatural. Many women screw up their bodies from having abortions because it is unnatural.     Some justify their lives or condition by getting religion. I don't need such a crutch. I already have a cane. And of course, you are wrong. Try being seriously handicapped and say such things. You have no real concept of what pain is. Believe me, I do.  Quite honestly, I'm sorry you're in pain, but don't base your argument on your pain. It's irrelivent. Just because you're handicapped doesn't mean you're always right. If you are, why don't we just stop debating?    You already do. Abortion is not illegal. Since murder is the UNLAWFUL killing of a human being and abortions are legal there has been no crime committed.  So, do you think it would be OK if murder was legal?
Char:  Be very careful to define yourself as a victim. Not everyone and everything in the world is against you. While I have chastised you I have also apologized. I simply think that your logic is not well cemented within you.
Yes, I'm sure there are thousands of worse things that have happened in my life that I refuse to talk about from embaressment/appropriateness.
You're taking a part of my argument that is founded on numerous other arguments, and attack it. Of course abortion is an unnatural thing; so are other kinds of surgery.  Abortion has been around for as long as people have been using plants to medicate themselves, which predates agriculture. It is arguably instinctual to use herbs to affect the body- many primates and even other mammals "medicate" with plants.  Yes, but a pro-choice site gave the earliest record of abortions as 2600 BC. This is far from prehistoric times. Murder has been around much longer, which was our argument.
Here is the abortion clinic's history of abortion  Encyclopedia.com says that it was probably used earleir than ancient Greece, Egypt, and Rome, but that's still not saying much.    So what's your point? You said abortion was harmful to women because it was unnatural- now you admit that that is an absurd statement. So what are you saying, or are you saying anything?  No, I'm not admitting anything. Charchuk is trying to make it as if though humans almost instinctively have abortions. I'm trying to tell him this is not the case. He's also trying to say that murder came AFTER abortion.
I've been trying to tell him I meant murder in a moral form, but he isn't listening.
Let's accept your belief. That still doesn't mean abortion came before murder. Again, the earliest records of abortion are in 2600 BC- and Sumerian culture lived way before then, not to mention that there were many other cultures that found murder sinful.
Parcum... She apologised for that quote.
Murder has only been around since the concept of law has been around to define it as such. And even then it was a very narrow definition as well considering that it only applied to members of each tribe or city and not to those outside.  So if one man from a tribe murdered a child from the same tribe, he wouldn't be punished? Of course he would! Either way, this is irrelivent to the abortion issue. The fetus is a human being and therefore it is wrong to kill it.
Pot, kettle, black.  Again no arguments, just insults. My statement was made with the intent to encourage you to state that you are not a victim but rather a human with much capability. If you insist on insulting and arguing with generalities or nothing then I will debate with you no further.
 Parcum, from your signature and your stance upon these issues I believe you to be a christian man... believing in the bible.  While discussing this debate with a friend, he brought up a good point... God CREATED abortion. Remember? He discarded and killed two Eves before he got one that was to his liking.... nice deity. And realize, they weren't rejected for reasons of health or finance, but for superficial reasons. Reminds me of the idea of a woman aborting a child because tests showed it was not the blue eyed boy she wanted.  At least I believe in abortion for good reasons.  I don't believe in bringing religion into abortion debates, but I will go on. God only creates goodness. He cannot do evil. However, evil happens on this earth anyway. One can say God created murder; God created Nazism; God created hell; et cetera. However, I don't understand what you're talking about God killing two Eves.    Wrong a fetus is only a potential human being. Not all situations is killing considered to be murder.  Charchuk, we've already discussed this. I've gave you my facts. If you're just going to be closed minded, I'm not debating with you.
 Charchuk, we've already discussed this. I've gave you my facts. If you're just going to be closed minded, I'm not debating with you.  Wise move.
Do you believe that everyone who disagrees with you is "closed-minded"?  It's not the disagreement that is the problem. (of course I cannot speak for Parcum) With me it is rather generalized and stereotypical statements that offer no valid support. It is also an unwillingness to understand the argument posited and instead just a reiteration of statements already made.  At least that is my definition of closemindedness. Most folks are willing to ask a question or two to better understand a position. Some only make generalized statements and attacks.
..................... emoticon_xbye
Funny, because that sounds to me like an apt description of Parcum's behavior, not Charchuck's. I think it's more just a matter of disagreement.  I hardly think so. I've even challenged Charchuk to a debate tournament, and he rejected the proposal. I always use hard core, scientific facts, and even when I give him definitions from medical journals, dictionaries, and encyclopedias, he dismisses them as "out of date", when they were updated only a month earlier.   What about that medical definition I gave you, Charchuck?
No, the medical definition that said that unconsciousness means without a mind. Hence, the fetus is a human being...
Mind: That which thinks, reasons, perceives, wills, and feels. The mind now appears in no way separate from the brain. In neuroscience, there is no duality between the mind and body. They are one. Medical Dictionary  Are unconscious individuals not humans then? They don't think, reason, percieve, will, or feel.   "without a mind," not "without a brain."  also, explain how it is a human BEING.  The mind is within the brain, but are two seperate entities. Saying that you only need a brain (as in the organ) to be human is like saying "You need liver to be human".   The fetus is a human being because it is: A) A seperate entity from the mother, B) alive C) biologically human. Further, it is a person (being) because it has it's own DNA, it's own stimulation in the womb, it's own future, et cetera.
I have not once seen you post one fact...ever  Facts? You want facts? Fine. At conception, the zygote has 46 chromosones (unless it has down's syndrome), and it's own, unique, DNA (unless it has a twin or clone). The zygote at that point has the exactly blueprint of what it'll look like, what diseases it will have, et cetera infinitum. This zygote is independent from the mother- if it's part of the mother, does that mean the mother has two DNAs, two blood types, two vaginas or a penis and vagina? No. The zygote is seperate; it's a parasite. Is it a life? Yes, because it follows the criteria for lie; it metabolizes, reproduces, grows, and stimulates. Is it human? Yes, because it's DNA type is human. Anyone with human DNA is Human. Period. Is it a person? Certainly. It has it's own future; that's a person. Does it think? Not until about 12 weeks does it think like you and I do, and at the 7 weeks has brainwaves. But that doesn't matter; it doesn't make it any less human. A mind doesn't make somebody human. People who are unconscious don't have a mind (they arn't aware, or have the ability to think, will, et cetera). Are they not human? Of course not. Finally, the only type of being the fetus can be is a HUMAN being, because of biogenesis (hence, two dogs of opposite sex make puppies; humans make humans (zygotes)).  That was pretty much a sum of how teh fetus is human.
Sorry, that excuse isn't going to work. Try again.
 Hmmmmmm. So you are going with the "I think therefore I am" stand. Sorry pal, but that would fall under the realm of philosophy...which although possibly profound, cannot be called scientific or factual. And, as a consumer of Eastern philosophies, I gotta tell you that that stance is rather simplistic.  Um, no it's not. "I think therefore I am" could be proven false, in the context pro-abortionists use them. Again, I say, what about those who are unconscious? They don't' think. Sure they have brainwaves, but that's not thinking. Are they not human?    At what stage do you think a child becomes concious of it's own existence in any way? ( shoot, I didn't even think about philosophy until at least high school) Of course it reacts to physical stimulations, light, heat, noise.....but it's years before it has a conscious thought about why it might be reacting.....  I don't know. But children are conscious from the 12th week after conception, and develop brain waves from the 7th week on.    And so the word consciousness confuses me... such a complex term... awareness. What does it mean to be aware? What does it mean to be alive? I know the scientific criteria, but there is a difference between me, an amoeba, and broccoli. While we are all alive, I think only one of us is aware of that fact.  Well certain, an amoeba and broccoli are lives too. Are you killing anything? Sure. Is it wrong? No. We kill animals too- is it wrong? Of course not. Why? Because we're human; they're not. Life is everywhere.    When we are talking about abortion, do you think the fetus is actually cognizant, thinking..."I'm dying now"?  Heck, I hope I get the chance to think that, (before the garbage truck takes me out)  No, but neither does an infant thing "I'm dying now". So should we be able to kill infants too?
 of course they are human, as you have pointed out, waht makes us human is certainly not thought, but our genetic makeup. Even a brain-dead human is still human, its not like it suddenly becomes a deer.  Okay, are they not a human BEING. Brain-dead individuals are dead.    This is different from the information I have gotten from sources that study natal development, but ok. And again you use the word conscious, what do you mean by conscious?  The medical term is to be aware, will, think, et cetera. Unconscious people don't do this, just as the zygote. The zygote isn't brain dead, because it doesn't have a brain.    Oh, so you are basing this idea from what? some biblical idea that we were given dominion over all other beings? Actually, I believe the commandment says "Thou shalt not kill" and leaves it at that. Do you not realize that nature is interdependant? That animals and plants support your life, not the other way around? A cow and a stalk of broccoli are completely capable of life without your intervention, but you, on the other hand, cannot survive without them? That your survival depends on their death? But instead of having gratitude for the sustenance they provide, you think it is your god given right? How..... self-centered. you excuse killing because you are human and it is not. Another flaw of christianity.  You're straying from the issue. How does this disprove that the fetus is a human being? It doesn't.
Superbudd, I think you're simply misunderstanding my argument.    ummmmm, no. If this be the case, then I'm obviously wrong in thinking that there are thousands of people in this country who are technically alive, but brain dead, lying in hospitals. jeeez.   In California, the law is that if you're brain dead you're officially dead. If an individual is brain dead, there's no use in keeping them alive, because they aren't going to come back. So, no, there aren't thousands of people who are brain dead in the country; most of them are dead. Sometimes doctors keep them alive for transplants.    Unconscious people don't think? Unconscious people are not aware? Please explain to me how I can describe fully the operating room I was never conscious in? Please explain to me why doctors urge loved ones to speak to coma patients, if they are not aware.  It depends; there are levels of unconsciousness. Sometimes they can be somewhat aware, other times they aren't aware at all. For instance, I have levels of sleep. If I'm partially asleep, I and my parents talk to me, I can hear them. However, if I'm in a deep sleep, I don't hear anyone at all. Being unconscious is usually much deeper though, and a person doesn't think at all, as what happened to my father a few years ago. The medical definition of "unconscious" is:   Unconscious: 1) Interruption of awareness of oneself and one's surroundings, lack of the ability to notice or respond to stimuli in the environment. A person may become unconscious due to oxygen deprivation, shock, central nervous system depressants such as alcohol and drugs, or injury. 2) In psychology, that part of thought and emotion that happens outside everyday awareness.   Wow, you have to be the most oblivious person I ever met who could type. Once again..............noone ever accused the fetus in question of being anything but human. Someone said it was a potential human (not me) By that, they probably mean that until it is actually delivered, alive, it does not have the rights of say, a citizen.  You've already said the fetus is not a human being. That's what I'm asking you. Not if it's human, if it's a human being (even though that's just a useless technicality).    We are not questioning it's genetic makeup here. We are questioning it's rights, and those of it's mother.  The fetus is alive and therefore has the right to keep it's life. The mother cannot decide whether it should live or die, because it isn't her life, it's the fetus life. It's not "my body, my choice", it's the "fetus' body, the fetus' choice".    Again, we're not talking about the adjective meaning, but the noun meaning.  Please, define both.   Just because you can't follow what is being said doesn't mean that he is straying from the discussion.  Charchuk, I would shut up. Nobody ever understands what you're talking about. You just annoy everyone because of your incompetence.
 The mind is always active, even when it is not connected to the waking part of it. Just take brainscans of any coma patient. The waves maybe different, but they are still there.  The dictionary, as you pointed out, is not necessarily the best place to define scientific terms in the medical field, which is why my definition came from a medical dictionary. If we look at a regular dictionary, it says "Consciousness" is the "mind".    Main Entry: consciousness  Pronunciation: -n&s Function: noun Date: 1632 1 a : the quality or state of being aware especially of something within oneself b : the state or fact of being conscious of an external object, state, or fact c : AWARENESS; especially : concern for some social or political cause 2 : the state of being characterized by sensation, emotion, volition, and thought : MIND 3 : the totality of conscious states of an individual 4 : the normal state of conscious life <regained consciousness< 5 : the upper level of mental life of which the person is aware as contrasted with unconscious processes   Main Entry: 1unconscious  Pronunciation: "&n-'kän(t)-sh&s Function: adjective Date: 1712 1 a : not knowing or perceiving : not aware b : free from self-awareness 2 a : not possessing mind or consciousness <unconscious matter< b (1) : not marked by conscious thought, sensation, or feeling <unconscious motivation< (2) : of or relating to the unconscious c : having lost consciousness <was unconscious for three days< 3 : not consciously held or deliberately planned or carried out <unconscious bias< - unconsciously adverb - unconsciousness noun   Further, brain waves aren't part of the mind. As I've shower from the medical dictionary, one must be able to "think, reason, perceive, will, and feel". Brain waves don't involve any of these things.    It is not a human being, a person. having human DNA doesn't make one a person.  The mind isn't the only source of personhood. The fetus has its OWN DNA. Sure, if a fetus has a twin or is closed it doesn't have its own DNA, but it still has, at least something of its own. Also, there really isn't such thing as a "non-person, living, human". Such humans don't exist! Throughout history, blacks, women, people of different religions, et cetera, were considered human non-persons. But the truth of the matter is such humans don't exist.    It maybe alive, but it doesn't have a life.  How? Debating involves having a counter argument, not just making a counter statement. If you say that your car is green, I can easily say "no it's not" or "it's blue", but I need an argument with evidence to back it up. I'm assuming you're saying that because the zygote doesn't have a brain means it's not a life. Jellyfish don't have brains, but they have lives, don't they? If a jellyfish killed another jellyfish would that jellyfish be committing murder, or no?    Please, you're the one who is incoherent. You don't even know the different being human and being a human being, a person. Or even the correct definition of conscious and unconscious. And of course you don't know what you're talking about in the least when ot comes to the two states.  Show me an example of a human non-person that has a life.   Boopee20,    I start to think that I am horrible for believing that women have rights  It's not horrible to believe women have rights. That's not a bad thing. There is even a very large organization called Feminists for Life. The thing is just because women have rights doesn't mean they can decide whether their children should live or die.    Anyway, no one is saying that a zygote or an embryo is a "nonentity". But until it can live independently of the mother's body, it is a part of her body. I've yet to meet a person who has had an abortion who did not find the experience traumatic and had to grieve the loss. It is a terrible thing. Attacking people who go through that tragedy is cruel and misplaced.  In the 1950's the earliest point of viability for the fetus was 8 months. By 1970 it was 7 months. Today, we can do it at 5 months. Does this mean that the 7-month-old fetus in 1950 wasn't human, but now is? Does that make any sense?    So where do you draw the line, oh person-who-feels-they-can-define-what-no-one-else-can? Is sperm a person? Is an ovum? Every 28 days I get rid of a potential child, am I a murderer for that? Should I please god and get pregnant very time I ovulate? Should I then have started at eleven years old?   But the Sperm and Egg are part of another being's body. They aren't their own beings. The DNA of the sperm is half the DNA of the father, and the DNA of the egg is half the DNA of the mother. The fetus, however, has it's OWN DNA. If the fetus is part of the mother, would that mean the mother has two blood types? Two brains? If the fetus is a boy, a penis? Of course not, that's ridiculous!
How many times will you put forward this ridiculous argument? Obviously there are two blood types etc., and there is a penis in her body- there is a fetus inside her! If you can't grasp that the body parts of the fetus are inside the mother, therefore part of the mother, but not making her herself have four arms.  The thing is it's impossible. A mother cannot have two different blood types; the mother cannot have a reproductive organ that grows and comes out.
[quote] The mind is still there even if one is not aware. A fetus is neither conscious nor unconscious. One must first have been conscious in order to beable to be unconscious. In other words first you must have a consciousness. A fetus doesn't have one. This makes your entire point moot.  BTW, We never said that a fetus wasn't human. So, drop that nonsense.[/.quote]  Charchuk, as I've already shown, this is not true. Depending on the degree of unconsciousness, unconscious means without mind. TO have a mind means to be aware, be able to think, conceive, et cetera. The unconscious individual, however, does not. Let alone this example, what about a fetus born with a flat-life for surgical purposes? Is it not human?   Yet again you've shown your inability to reason. We've never said anything different.  Good! So the fetus cannot possibly be part of the mother, am I correct?   Explain this statment.  Women cannot have a male organ. Further, a woman cannot at one point have a male and female organ, and at the next point only have a female organ. This is simply ludicrous and impossible.    It has been assumed that the child in question has a right to life, which, simply is not true. Any legal rights you have in this country are given you as a citizen or national.  So were abolitionists wrong is saying "slaves have a right to freedom"?    And (hopefully) we all know there are only two kinds of citizens, naturalized (immigrants) and natural-born. And, so, obviously, you have no rights until you are.... born. Declaring every fetus carried in America a citizen would raise too many problems.  It's been like that before! Abortion used to be illegal, you know. Yes, birth was when the fetus was made a citizen, but that doesn't mean the fetus doesn't have the basic right to life. Even with illegals in the states, it's illegal to kill them. Everyone has a right to life.
I'm sick of talking about this too. The problem is you all either ignore the argument or make silly counter-arguments. Oh yeah, and you criticize the way I write. It is completely relevent to what we're debating about.
No, I didn't ask how it was attached to the mother- I asked how it was part of the mother. OF course the fetus is attached to the mother, but that doesn't mean it's part of it. It's simply a parasite. Like ticks- they are attached to the mother, but they arn't part of her. I wasn't new either. I've been here since 2002.
What answers are you waiting for?    A fetus is not a parasite for the simple fact that it is created (yes with help) by the mother.  Yes, it is created by both the Father and the Mother. Both have an equal contribution to the creation.    A parasite, by definition, is something that attaches itself to the host, feeds off the host, contributes nothing to the host, and is a detriment to the well being of the host. And, it is incapable of survival without a host throughout its entire lifespan. A fetus, on the other hand, has a very good chance of survival without the mother only a little past halfway through the pregnancy, and its chances are only improved from that point on. By the time of natural delivery, it is completely capable of survival on its own-hence, it is not a parasite.  Not nessecarily true.    Main Entry: parasite  Pronunciation: 'par-&-"sIt Function: noun Etymology: Middle French, from Latin parasitus, from Greek parasitos, from para- + sitos grain, food Date: 1539 1 : a person who exploits the hospitality of the rich and earns welcome by flattery 2 : an organism living in, with, or on another organism in parasitism 3 : something that resembles a biological parasite in dependence on something else for existence or support without making a useful or adequate return  I don't see anything like "incapability of survival". Ticks are considered parasites, but they can live off and on the human. Tapeworms can too.    A parasite is not OF the host, it is a separate entity. It is a completely separate animal, and, I have to point out, is always a different species than the host.  Since when does it have to be a different species? It doesn't say that in the definition. It's not completely created by the mother either, it's created by the father too, and not to mention it has a separate DNA.    But, by using the word parasite, you make us think it should be exterminated....like with an abortion. With all the connotations attached to the term parasite, you are actually helping to support the pro-choice view.  No, it's true. The fetus is a parasite. It's a human being too though. You don't "Termniate" the tick, you kill it. The tick is a life. Parasites have their own lives; they are their own entities.
 Do you think the mother is responsible when she becomes pregnant as the result of rape, incest, or faulty birth control?  I don't see how women who commit incest are not responsible; they still had sex by their own decision. For faulty birth control, the woman should've known the risks, so yes she's responsible. As for rape, she is not responsible for what happened, but she is still responsible to take care of the baby. Why when something happens we have to make it worse by killing a human being?    while, you, on the other hand, make no contribution to the creation of that creature- what makes you eligible for an opinion?  Okay, so I can kill my children because "I made them!"? LOL.   I got my definition from a combination of dictionary and elementary school science book. Funny, in that science book, when it lists parasites, it never mentions a human fetus, or any other fetus for that matter. Maybe they should have asked you when they wrote the book...oh wait, you weren't born back then.  From a Medical Dictionary:   Parasite: An organism that lives in or on and takes its nourishment from another organism. A parasite cannot live independently.  Parasitic diseases include infections by protozoa, helminths, and arthropods:   Protozoa -- Malaria is caused by plasmodium, a protozoa, a single-cell organism that can only divide within its host organism.   Helminths -- Schistosomiasis, another set of very important parasitic diseases, is caused by a helminth (a worm).   Arthropods -- The arthropods include insects and arachnids (spiders, etc.), a number of which can act as vectors (carriers) of parasitic diseases.  The term "parasite" came from the Greek "parasitos" (para-, along side of + sitos, food) meaning "eating at the side of, as at the same table." The sense of the term later changed to that of a poor friend or relative who lived at the expense of another. Not until the 18th century did "parasite" come into English as a biologic term.  The study of parasites is parasitology.   Yes, a fetus is a parasite, for at least the first 5 months of the pregnancy (this will change in time). Either way, the fetus is still a human being. It is NOT part of the mother!    OK, genius, name me a single parasite that lives off a host of the same species ( besides your flawed thinking on pregnancy) While it has it's own DNA, each and every element of that genetic identification can be directly traced to it's parents. It's not like the baby just springs into exisance all on its own.  So, the newborn baby is also part of the mother?    OK, first learn to spell, then get a dictionary... what the heck do you think terminate means...to end, to kill. duh. It's called a type. 'Terminate' is used more for non-living beings, when the fetus is a living being. You're not only terminating the pregnancy, you're killing the fetus.   What, in your opinion, is the fetus? Just make sure you understand that you WERE once a fetus. You were never a sperm and egg, you were, however, a fetus. I suppose one could say evolution is happening faster than we think!
We never said that it was a part of her. We said that it was attached. Remove this connection too early and it will die.  Yes. Very good.    We never said anything otherwise. BTW, it is possible, though. A hermaphrodite can have one of it's set of reproductive organs be function, but not both.  That's irrelivent. The hermaphrodite is concieved with these organs; the mother isn't. Is the mother then, during pregnancies, a hermaphrodite? Nope.   No, because slaves have always been human beings. Even under the constitution and Bill of Rights. The whites just refused to acknowlege this fact because of prejudice and the fact that it was cheaper to keep slaves than to actually pay someone a fair wage.  THey were 3/4 human, remember? Not fully human. Fetuses for the longest time were considered human beings, only recently have they not been considered humans. In fact, blacks throughout history have been considered lesser humans.   Every person has a right to life in the USA, a fetus is not a person.  Neither is a human who is unconscious, then.
Laws were pretty recent, that is correct. However, it was a Christian belief that abortion was wrong.
I'm not saying it's a victory- I'm saying it's good that we agree upon something. You're just annoyed.   The Church orginally taught that the fetus wasn't human until a later stage in fetal life- not the first breath, because they got this tradition from the Jews. However, we didn't know as much about human life as we know now, and the church hadn't made an official doctrine until later.   The egg came before the chicken.  As I've stated earlier, there are levels of unconsciousness. Sleeping and being in a Coma are definately not the same thing.
 We were taught it wasn't a life until its first breathe and when my grandmother's last pregnancy ended in a still birth (the cord was wrapped around his neck and choked him before was delivered) The preist refused to baptize or even allow him to be buried on hallow ground since he never drew his first breathe.  Don't lie. Priests can't do that. If he did that he is in serious mortal sin. Now, if the baby died, that's different.    I may have mentioned this before, but there were monuments placed not too long ago in many of our cemetaries dedicated to aborted fetuses. Just recently the Pope had ordered them all removed.  Source? I highly doubt it.   They really aren't all that different. The only time you actually dream is during REM cycles. When you have too few of them you don't dream, or remember your dreams. Plus, while under I still heard them talking and after the operation and I woke up some I even commented to them about it.  I went unconscious too when I broke my leg. It was like a deep sleep. But I'm saying sleeping is very different from being in a coma. Your mind isn't working in many types of unconsciousness.
 First of all, if a woman is raped by her uncle, it is still called incest. Another factor you dismiss is the psychological reasons why a woman might choose to have sex with that person willingly. Is a twelve year old girl really capable fo making those decisions...she sure is capable of conception. Maybe the kid wasn't strong enough to say no...and fight off a 300 lb grown man, but she was smart enough to know that if she did, he might kill her, or go after her even youger sister. Once again, you are guilty of not examining a situation you have no ability to understand.  It's incestual rape. Not just incest.    As for faulty birth control... you must be under the impression that people should never have sex unless it is for procreation. This is a ridiculous, unrealistic and ignorant view to have.  I don't think we should use birth control at all, because it can act as an abortive pill. I do believe that people should be allowed to use condoms and other methods of contraception.    And finally, in the case of rape..you think a woman who has suffered enough physical and mental trauma should have to endure even more because it would make YOU feel better? I'll bet a thousand dollars YOU have never had a bruised cervix, so why should YOU be able to determine that the best method of recovery would be to put a 10lb load on that cervix. Or are you of the opinion that this woman is not entitled to recovery?  I don't admit to being raped or knowing anyone who has been. However, that doesn't make my argument invalid; I'm sure you haven't been raped, and bet you know few if any who were raped. Now, don't get emotional, but if a woman was raped do you think she should be allowed to savagely kill the man who raped her? Of course not. Not only is that legally wrong, but morally it is as well. Why then, should she be allowed to kill somebody else who had nothing to do with the rape except that her existence came from it? What if she was born? Should you be allowed to kill her because every time you look at her she reminds you of something horrible? Of course not! There are many solutions to that problem. At any rate, rape only makes 1% of all abortions (30 abortions a day).    Why not? People think that the simple biological act of parenting a child makes them capable of making all other decisions for that child.  Sure, you can make decisions, but that doesn't mean you can't kill it. I don't go to my son and say "hold still I'm going to kill you. I can because me and your mom made you". That's ridiculous.    this coming from a person who can't even use a normal dictionary!  Mande?   Okay, simpleton, let me just point out that an organism is the same organism throughout it's entire lifespan! It doesnt start out life as a snail, turn into a monkey, and end up a squid.  Firstly, a parasite isn't a species. It's ANY organism that sucks from one being with no return. I'm a parasite to my parents. But the bold is very important- an organism is the SAME organism throughout it's entire lifespan. You keep arguing that the fetus is human but not a human being, this proves that it is a human being. It's ALWAYS a human being. It isn't just at one point part of the mother and the next point it's own being; it's always one organism.   [quote] see, a parasite is a parasite until it dies..... So unless you think that you're going to wake up tomorrow with the need for a good dose of nutrients through your umbilical cord..... Wake up and stop trying to use words you have no way of grasping.[/quoet]  No, a Parasite is not a parasite until it dies. Tapeworms leave their hosts. Ticks leave their hosts. Many humans actually have a sort of umbilical cord- people on feeding tubes, respirators, et cetera. Are they part of the machine?    well, until it's cord is cut, it is still attached, right? Obviously YOU have never been a mother, or else you would not ask the question.  Sure, it's attached, just like an infant is attached to it's mother when she drinks from the breasts. It's also attached like people on feeding tubes. Does that mean the infant is part of the mother when it drinks, and the ill person is part of the machine when on a feeding tube? OF course not!    errrr... I am completely aware of what a fetus is...it is the prenatal version of the mammal in question. And yeah, child, I am aware that I was once a fetus...I am also aware that I was once an ignorant such as you, against abortion... But, alas...we all must grow up.  If you were once a fetus, you're saying you were once your mother. WTF? You don't make any sense!
 hmmmm, so contraception is not birth control? Again, your limited grasp of the language. Gee, thanks, I'm glad I get to keep my diaphragm.  OTHER METHODS OF CONTRACEPTION. I didn't say methods of contraception, I said OTHER METHODS of contraception. Why are you trying to correct my grammar? It's really a distraction from the debate.    First of all, I think I should let you know that I am a woman (my screen name is just that, a screen name) And I have been raped. So much for the things you are sure about. No, I don't think I should have the right to kill my rapist. But the reason I don't want to kill him is not some moral ideal, it's that he is already going to spend the rest of his life in prison for other crimes, so I am quite happy with that idea.  I have encountered dozens of rape victims. Along with several other projects, I have acted as a victim's advocate. In fact, scary thought, if something happens to you, someone like me may respond. Did you know that in the course of their life, one out of four women will be raped?   Don't bring emotion into the debate. I could just as easily say "I am a woman and was raped" as well. I don't really believe you (too many liars on this debate forum), but let's pretend like you were really raped. So what? Does that mean only YOU understand this and only YOU can decide to kill your child? You're punishing the child for a crime it's father committed!   Interesting statistics, but you don't have to tell me how bad rape is. I already know. It does not, however, excuse the woman from killing her child. If I was raped that doesn't mean I can do whatever I want, especially when somebody's life is in risk.    But my question had nothing to do with her psychological condition. No, I don't think she should have an abortion because of some horrible memory- for that she needs counseling. My question is whether she should be forced to endure a pregnancy in her already traumatized body. Again you avoided the question, do you think she is entitled to recovery? I mean physical recovery, as her psychological one will probably never happen.  She isn't being forced, it's the only option. If the mother gave birth to this child, and she couldn't give it up for adoption, should she kill it, because she'd have to endure the pain of caring for a child in her already traumatized state? No!    And as for your statistics...I will get my information from reliable resources, such as the people who counsel a woman in this predicament, and they have assured me the number of abortions chosen in light of rape is much higher. I will not get my statistics about abortion from someone fundamentally opposed to abortion duh  These statistics come from  the liberal Alan Guttmacher Institute.    What's ridiculous is your way of twisting every single word you encounter in your life to suit your needs. I am no suggesting anyone do anything of the sort....  Hello? You don't go to your fetus and say anything. We are not arguing the rights of a child, we are arguing the rights of a fetus.  The rights of a child and fetus are equal- both are human beings. As long as both of them are human beings, they have equal rights.    I have not once argued that a fetus is not a human being, Not once...I have never seen anyone else on this forum do so either. Just another example of your twisting people's words to fit your own needs. You need to think we said that so that you can make another ridiculous point...  such as...  Yes you did, I apologize. Quite a few people, however, have been arguing that the fetus is human but not a human being (Charchuk, Gilligan, et cetera).     so, if you bother to learn the language, you might realize that attached does not apply to a baby breastfeeding. That's just like you and a soda straw...all you gotta do is open your mouth, and voila! To detach a child from it's mother's placenta....it takes a knife! And then stiches. Can you guess why this might be? Hint- it's that shared wall idea.  What gives the woman the right to kill her child? Tell me.    ummmm what? where in the heck do you get me being my mother from me being a fetus? Is that another example of your faulty understanding?  Okay, so then, you understand the fetus is biologically independent, is a human being, feels pain from 12 weeks on (actually, 7, but we wont go there), and can think sometime later in pregnancy (second and third trimesters). What gives you the right to kill it? If it is human, it's ALWAYS wrong to kill it. If it is not human, it's never wrong to kill it. Make your pick.    Incest, when someone is under the age of conscent, is ALWAYS rape.  OF course. But that still doesn't mean Incest is ALWAYS rape!
 Your complete lack of empathy for another living human being exposes your claim to be arguing for compassion and human life as utterly false. I hope that you will at some later point in your life through increased experience and/or wisdom be able to look back at statements such as that with the appropriate amount of shame and regret.  Sorry, but in the internet world, you really don't know who's lying and who's telling the truth.    Clearly that is a lie.  How would you know? You don't know me.    Nonsense. Abortion is not a "punishment". Not everyone in the world has a Biblical view of morality, you know. A woman who was impregnated when raped aborts the fetus because that is what is best for all concerned. She knows that she will not be able to care for and love the child, so she prevents it from becoming one. As you have never been pregnant, I doubt you could possibly understand. I realize this does not prevent you from feeling that you can judge others, however.  I'm not the one bringing the bible into this- you're the only one. Every single living person has the basic right to life. So can we kill infants? It's better if they're dead, because we don't want them to suffer later in life. What about infants with Down's Syndrome? Kill them! They'll suffer later in life. Wasn't there some fascist leader in Germany 60 years ago who believed this kind of stuff?    She doesn't have a child yet. She is pregnant, and will have a child when it is born.  With that definition, a child is above a toddler. A child is usually defined as any sort of offspring. When it isn't defined like this, it's usually aged 3-12.    Oh, I see. You try to avoid admitting that you were proven wrong by clumsily changing the subject. Besides, as I said, a fetus is not a child yet.  I said I was assuming she was believing one thing when she wasn't. I apologized already.    I'd also like to say that as a fellow survivor I really appreciated your post, and I hope you will completely ignore Parcum's immature and ignorant response.   If I wanted to, I could post so many things in my life and things that have happened to friends that justify abortion, but I'm not going to, because that makes the debate emotional.   Your logic:  The fetus is in my body, therefore I can kill it. It doesn't matter if it's a human being, it doesn't matter if it feels the entire surgical procedure, it's in MY body, so I can kill it.  That's ridiculous. You are sick.
 It doesn't matter. People lie in RT also. Human kindness would demand that you assume they are telling the truth, just in case. Even if you don't agree with the point they're trying to make.  It's very different with the internet. In the internet world, you can lie all you want- nobody's going to find out if you're lying or not. In real life, if you lie, your friends can tell the person you lied to the truth, et cetera. Further, if you lie in the internet world and get caught, you don't care because it's just the internet.    I know your opinion on abortion in the case of pregnancy caused by rape, and I know how you treated someone who told you they've been raped. From this I can gather a fairly good idea.  Your idea is misinformed. As stated, there have been many events that have happened in my life that could be used to justify abortion. Will I use them? No. Emotion shouldn't get into debates because it attempts to justify something that is unjustifiable.    You said "that's punishing a child for their father's crime". That's a Bible reference.  Really? I didn't know that. Where is it?    Which she will have, when/if she gives birth. If she miscarries, is she considered to have had a child? No, she was pregnant, the child did not live to term.  In some terms, yes, she did have a child. I've asked people if they've had children before, and they've said yes but they've all died during pregnancies.    Pretty much. Although I would argue that it be a pain-free procedure, if possible.  So let's give infants a pain-free procedure. They're invading my house.    I don't think so. And you can't stop me.  WOW. That's a very powerful statement. "I'm going to kill this innocent human being and you can't stop me", the killing of innocent human beings is considered "homicide", so 'I'm going to commit homicide and you can't stop me". Wow.
 I am not bringing my emotions into this debate. All I am bringing to this debate is an opinion, a basic compassion for women, and a knowledge of where the law stands on the issue. A woman has the right to choose who she has sexual intercourse with, and when. She also has the right to decide who she wants to father her children. It obviously is of no consequence to you what the woman's mental capability might be in dealing with a pregnancy, or the raising of a child. You obviously don't have a clue about what a serious ordeal pregnancy is, nor what effects it might have on a body that was already brutalized and invaded. To you, a woman seems to have no value other than that of a vessel to carry a child you will have no interest in once it is born.  Of course I know- I'm always around pregnant women. My mother has eight children, and I am the second eldest. I understand fully how much of a burden pregnancy is, but does that give us the right to kill the fetus inside? It's also a burden to raise children- so should we kill them? Of course not. Lack of comfort does not justify killing innocent human beings.    You obviously have no idea what I was talking about. Rape is not bad, it is atrocious, leaving permanent scars on a woman's psyche, not to mention her body. Instead of caring for the victim and ensuring her safe recovery from this traumatic event, you would rather she act as an incubator?  Why make it worse? Yes, rape is atrocious, but why make everything worse by killing somebody that is so innocent?    Sorry kiddo, but once again you have missed my point. My question was not the state of the mother after the birth of her child, but before it. Once again you have ignored the fact that pregancy is a very trying, depleting, painful and difficult state to be in, especially considering the physical trauma endure during rape. Apparently you have no concern for the woman's well being at all. Over and over you have voiced the typical opinion of an 18th century bourgois man. Pick up your dictionary and look up the word progress.  Abortion is no more progressing society than the holocaust processed Germany. Life is imperfect- we're not going to live dandy lives. Yes, pregnancy is "trying, depleting, painful, and difficult", but that doesn't mean you can stop it by ending the life of the fetus. As stated, raising children is also "trying, depleting, painful, and difficult", so should parents be allowed to kill their children?     Oh, right, the institute you dismissed because it's area of research is women's reproductive health, including the research of abortion. What is your problem with this institute anyway? Would you rather that no one ever did research on women's health, or just abortion?  Yes, I did dismiss it. I can show other sources, but I chose this one because it is so pro-abortion! I don't mind the study of reproductive health, that's not why I dislike the Alan Guttmacher Institute. I dislike the institute because it's so biased!   In your opinion, luckily, the government does not agree.  So some human beings shouldn't have the right to life? Once again, Hitler's Ethics!    I sincerely doubt that. Are you implying that they are arguing that it is a non-being, such as....what the heck is a non-being?  I don't even know. They were considering the sperm human though, but it isn't a human being, and saying the fetus was the same.    waht gives her the right? Well...the government for one.  So if the government said it's OK to kill Jews, is it OK to kill Jews? The government also legalized slavery, does that mean it's right?   Where are you getting this? Any source I have looked at has said that the fetus cannot feel pain until at least the 20th week. And, I might point out that we have no way of knowing that for fact, all we know is that the nervous system has developed sufficiently at that point, there is no way of knowing if it is actually functioning at that point. You say it can think later on in that pregnancy, well, let me point out one thing, without the ability to think, you do not have the ability to process the stimuli, therefore, cannot feel pain.  [url=http://www.vanderbilt.edu/SFL/fetal_pain.htm]This site talks about fetal pain well.[url]. And yes, you do have the ability to process stimuli, otherwise the fetus wouldn't be alive. Even jellyfish process stimuli.
 Just because you have been exposed to something dose not give you understanding. Because I have vacationed in Mexico, does that give me personal knowledge of the plight of the field worker? Because I have tended a friend with cancer, does that give me intimate understanding of what they were going through. Being exposed to something may give you a little (in your case very little) insight, but it does not provide true KNOWLEDGE  The thing is, your mind is blocked now. You don't understand both sides, you only understand one, and that is that you were completely taken advantage of and raped, and feel horrible. Hence, your only concept is that the only solution to your problem is abortion. You can't remember before, about what happened before you were raped, what you would think of abortion. This knowledge is nessecary. Sure, I don't fully understand what goes on with rape victims, but if my dad was an alcoholic, and I say that because only I understand that he was an alcoholic I can kill him, does that give me the right to kill him?    Why sentence the innocent rape victim to carrying a large load on a damaged and bruised cervix? Why should the woman have to endure carrying a child she never intended to have? What if she never intended to be a mother at all?  Don't you know why couples have to get blood tests when they get married? It's all about protecting the health of the potential mother and her children... all of these precautions must be cast aside because of your own personal opinions? it is illegal for you to marry your cousin for the same precautionary reason... But if a woman is the victim of incest, she must carry this child?  Yes. She must. Once again, the woman must suffer so that another may live. Having an abortion isn't going to erase the fact that you were pregnant- waiting a few months and delivering the baby won't either. It's not the baby's fault. Again, if you gave birth to that child, would you have the right to kill it?   very very bad example... Once again you are trying to equate abortion with genocide... a very bad understanding of both. In the holocaust, they murdered jews (and just as many gentiles) for no reason other than a psychotic had convinced them that's what had to be done. They were certainly not trying to promote the welfare of the people not being killed. (unless you include increasing their wealth with the spoils) In supporting a woman's right to abortion, we are trying to protect the woman's right to her own health, not to mention her own "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness" none of these things should be cast aside for another's  The holocaust also killed homosexuals, and handicapped people- persons who weren't born perfect. Remember Margaret Sanger? Remember her famous "Negro Project" plan? At any rate, women can have rights. Everyone can have rights. But some rights are limited. I cannot kill you. I cannot rape you. I cannot commit incest. I cannot steal. If I say women aren't allowed to steal, am I trying to take away women's rights? No. I'm trying to prevent them from doing wrong. Mothers often get sick when caring for their children- should we allow mothers to defend themselves by killing their children?    this coming from an unbiased person such as yourself.  Very good.   That's exactly waht you are doing when you deny a woman the right to a late term abortion! deciding one person's value outweighs the other.  Both equally have rights to life. It's not denying life- it's defending another's life. Again, everyone has rights, but that doesn't mean you should kill another life. AS for late term abortions, which I am assuming you're talking about when the mother's life is threatened (late term abortions are also allowed when the mother's life is NOT threatened), the goal isn't to kill one, the goal is to save both. Medical doctors CAN save both today. But in this case abortion should be allowed- but indirect abortion, meaning, the doctor killed the fetus in order to save the mother's life, not to simply kill the fetus.    I am leaning towards the opinion you misinterpreted (intentionally) their arguments. From what I have read, they definitely have a better grasp of biology than you do.  In what way? Please tell me. The fetus is a human being. Fact. The fetus has it's own circulatory system, it's own blood type, it's own GNA, it's own organs, et cetera. The fetus is a being. The fetus can only be a human being because of biogenesis. What more is there to be explained? That statement was merely an insult- please, if you're going to insult me, tell me why!   Again, you are using very bad comparisons. Or are you actually implying that when a woman has an abortion, she is trying to kill all children, and thus, all humanity?  Of course not. But if the government says it's OK to kill Jews, and I asked a Jew into my home to fix my stereo, do I have a right to kill the Jew because he's in my home? It's my home, I can do whatever I want. Right?
 It is true that the internet makes it easier to lie, but I think that's a gross exagerration. Either way, this does not mean that you are temporarily excused from having to treat others with basic human kindness.  Basic human kindness? Why does it matter? You don't even acknowledge basic human rights to life!    Why, were you lying?  Pardon?   An absurd statement if I ever heard one. You cannot divorce yourself from your emotions, even if it were a good idea. Which it wouldn't be.  Of course not, but you definitely cannot replace logic with emotions.    I don't see it that way. Neither does the law, so using words like "homicide" is misleading. I'm not pregnant right now, so it doesn't matter either way. However, if I did at some point decide to have an abortion, I wouldn't give your opinion a millisecond's thought. I would probably immediately start with herbal emmenagogues and abortifacients, such as wild carrot seed (Queen Anne's Lace), and high doses of vitamin c and parsley.  That's horrible! You're so bitter about having this right that you'll do it with so much anger. "I don't care what thousands of years of studying and science thinks. It's in my body, I can kill it. And when I kill it, I'm going to make it as bad as I can". Disgusting. Your entire post is so disgusting. You know the fetus is human, but you want to kill it anyway. Do you even know what the fetus looks like? Don't you even care for somebody else's life? If not, you are disgusting.    Why should the woman suffer? When a woman chooses to get pregnant, it is very unlikely to carry with it the physical repercussions of rape. You obviously have no concern for who this woman might be or her own personal medical history. Your only concern is your own moral view, that is wrong.  Why should the fetus suffer?! Life is always more valuable than how somebody feels. Society today relies on feeling too much. We think because we feel bad we need a quick solution. However, we don't acknowledge what this quick solution does.   I'll respond to the rest tomorrow, I just realized it's 20 to twelve, and I need to get up at 5 tomorrow.
The difficulty responding to your posts is not the complexity or argumentation, but merely making sense of what you're saying.    You cannot do any of those things to me because the law has said you can't. Actually, you can, but then I have the legal recourse. As when you say a woman is not allowed to steal, you are again dismissing the specific circumstances of each case. What if she was stealing food to feed the child it was so important to you she have? Remember 'Les Miserables'? The lead character was imprisoned for stealing a loaf of bread. Pretty harsh sentence, but I must assume you would agree with the villains in that plot.  Once again, what about slavery? Because slavery was legal, did that make it OK to whip slaves? Does that make it OK to give slaves a choice between cutting of their toe and penis (from the movie, Roots)? Slavery was one of the most embarrassing things in American History, and yet you're saying because the government said it was OK, it always was OK. The woman 90% of the time would not be raising the child, and 99% of the time would not have to. We have 3 million couples waiting to adopt infants every year. In fact, there is such a great number of couples willing to adopt that people are put on waiting lists, such as several people I know. It took one family I know seven months to find an infant, and an additional 4 months for it to be born.    Once again you are very confusing, but I will try again to decode your meaning. If the doctor can save both, without risking serious damage to either, he will. For years now it has been illegal for a woman to volunteer for such a procedure without medical reason. SO once again you gallantly flaunt your ignorance.  Firstly, the thing about abortions is that they are expensive, and so the doctor (and abortionist) makes a lot of money by giving an abortion. Do you think an abortionist would deliver an infant? Of course not- he makes better money killing it before it's born. With the medical technology that we have today, it is extremely rare for a woman to die from having an infant, and even more rare for a woman to not know about it early on. Allow me to elaborate in what I think about when the mother's life is threatened- ectopic pregnancies. In this case, the fetus gets stuck in a tube and grows there, and if it stays there too long will explode, and both mother and fetus would die. In this case, you're killing the fetus unintentionally, but it's necessary to save the mother.    For years now it has been illegal for a woman to volunteer for such a procedure without medical reason.  Please elaborate. I have no idea what you're talking about. What procedure? Abortion?    Criminy!!!! yes, the fetus is a human being, yes it has is own DNA (unless you actually meant GNA whatever that might be) It has it's won blood type, etc. But once again you fail to realize that every single aggregate to that being was passed down genetically from either the father or the mother. Why do I insult you? LOL You insult my intelligence every time you touch your keyboard.  What intelligence?! It takes me forever to respond to YOUR posts because it takes me forever to make sense out of them! You just said that they have a better grasp of biology than I do... and yet you agree with me, and I won the argument against them. WTF? What the hell are you talking about?  1) No, you can't do whatever you want because it's in your home. There are numerous laws limiting what exactly you can do in your home.   2) This is obviously a metaphor for my body, right? Well, there are laws limiting what I can do with it too. Instead of listing numerous hypothetical situations like you would do, I will merely let you know that the most important law is that I can have an abortion, as long as I meet certain criteria.  3) One disturbing law is that a woman cannot voluntarily have herself sterilized (in my state) until the age of 30. But is she is raped and happens to get pregnant, then if you had your way, she would have to carry the child. You dismiss whatever reasons she might have for not wanting to be a mother, such as the possibility that she has some genetic default that almost guarantees her child will be born retarded. A child such as this is very unlikely to ever be adopted, so unless she wants it to live as a ward of the state, she must raise it. That is a lifetime sentence for no crime. This child is sentenced by you as well, as your opinion that a life of pain and suffering is better than none at all. I will point out that yu have never existed in such a condition, so you would not know.  1) But it's legal to kill Jews, so I can kill one if it enters my house. Further, I can go into Jewish neighborhoods, kill their families, and take their money. I can do a lot of things with Jews! Interestingly enough, these sort of things happened in the past. Does that make them right? In Nazi Germany it was legal to exterminate 6 million Jews and 11 million Slavs... does that make it right? No!  2) No, it's not a metaphor for our bodies. The Jew goes onto my property, it's legal to kill Jews, therefore I can kill the Jew. It's very, very simple. And it's not hypothetical either- much of this kind of stuff has and is happening throughout this world. In Assyria, which is in Northern Iraq, the Kurds were allowed to savagely murder Assyrians by the old Iraqi government. Why? Because the Assyrians were a minority and Muslims disagreed with them. Therefore, it is legal to kill them. What???  3) Ah, but it's legal, so it must be for the better. Right? Is the woman "forced" to give birth? Unfortunately, no. She's allowed to kill her daughter or son. I dismiss all points; because if that child was born, would you kill it? Just because the infant isn't perfect doesn't mean you can kill it. Once again, in Nazi Germany, they sterilized woman and killed imperfect human beings- born and unborn. Does that make it right? No.
Yep, I was right. You have absolutely no concern for the quality of life  When one threatens another life to strengthen his or her own, no, I don't care about their quality.
 My question is whether she should be forced to endure a pregnancy in her already traumatized body. Again you avoided the question, do you think she is entitled to recovery? I mean physical recovery, as her psychological one will probably never happen.   I would like to comment on your statement about the woman being entitled to recovery. By all means, the woman is entitled to recovery. But I must ask you to further explain your definition of "recovery". If you mean that by recovery the woman should scrape out the inside of her womb, then you have an extremely retarded viewpoint. please explain further.
 At least you are honest about your cruelty, I suppose.  You completely took that comment out of context. If you can't respect human life, why do you expect me to respect human kindness? What's the point?   Where did you read "anger" from that sentence? I just said I wouldn't give your opinion (or any other anti-choice zealot's) a millisecond's thought if I had to have an abortion. Neither would I think twice about your opinion before I elected to fornicate, blaspheme, or do anything else you disapprove of. It's not because of anger or bitterness. It's just dismissal.  And closed-mindedness. You cannot simply dismiss an argument- then what's the point of our debating?   Actually, I said the opposite, didn't I? I also recommended herbal remedies, many of which prevent the embryo from attaching to the uterine wall, which would kill the blastocyst long before it would be old enough to abort. I guess you aren't interested in preventing harm to blastocyst embryos/fetuses at all, you just want to call women who assert control over their own bodies "disgusting".  It isn't their body! It's another body that THEY are killing, because they got banged up! They are having sex and killing the next generation. Doesn't that disgust you at all? It's very interesting, because in the 1920's Aldous Huxley's book Brave New World predicted a lot of these kinds of things to happen, and they ARE happening! How gross!    These are born humans. They are not embryos/fetuses.  But you said the fetus/embryos are human beings already- this statement has already been established. You said because it's legal to have an abortion, it must be OK. Bad assumption.   Do you?  Of course I do. Unfortunately, when I look at those images, I see an innocent, living, human being, with a great future ahead. You see it as an obstruction from your sexual habits. Because you want to have pleasure, and nothing is going to stop you from having this pleasure- even killing another life. Disgusting.
 What an imagination you have. A blastocyst looks like a Ritz cracker, and the fetus has a tail. Neither resemble born humans very much at all. Not that that's a reason to kill them, but then when I look at a Ritz cracker I usually don't see a human being with a great future ahead.  Of course not. But if you know that the ritz cracker will eventually grow up to look like you and me, I wouldn't eat it.    Face it, the embryo/fetus at this stage of development is very far from resembling a born person on every level- from how it looks to what it is able to "experience". You can't tell me that the lump of cells that is a blastocyst is having deep thoughts as it works hard dividing its cells.  It doesn't look like a born human being, sure, but it looks like a human being at that stage of development. Of course it's not having deep thoughts- neither are infants. In fact, many infants are born with brain problems and have to have flat lines to perform surgery. Should we be allowed to kill them?    Ah, there's the rub. You find women doing anything that has to do with enjoying sex "disgusting". Why don't you just be honest and say what you think- you think women who have abortions are sluts who should have to suffer for their sins.  Listen, I am never going to call women sluts for having abortions. I know too many people who have had abortions and have regretted it, and in doing so brought me to the pro-life movement. I know how society works in convincing women that they can kill their children- how? They don't call it a child. They make it so it's not your child, but a blob of tissue. The fact is it's not just a blob of tissue, it's growing up, it's a human being. Most abortions are not choices, but pressure from family members and boyfriends.    In passing, as I'm not pregnant and never have been, and no embryo is getting in the way of my sexual pleasure. If one did temporarily inhabit my uterus, as I said, I'd probably have the baby. Either way, I doubt being pregnant would interfere with my sex life at all, except maybe for right before and right after the birth.  It can actually be dangerous to have sex during pregnancies, but whatever. The fact is that women cannot kill that life. If somebody dropped an infant at your doorstep, and because of the cold weather went unconscious, would you take it in, or let it out to die? It's not conscious- it doesn't feel anything, it doesn't even have a mind.    They are, IMO, humans beings- at the very first stage of our development. That's not the same thing as born humans, but they're all humans.  It's not opinion, it's fact. Even Planned Parenthood acknowledges that the fetus is a human being, at the first stage of development- as an infant is in the second stage, child in the third, adolescent in the fourth, adult in the fifth.    You're confusing me with someone else.  What then, gives YOU the right to allow the death of another human? What makes you special to murder somebody?
 I wasn't suggesting a change in diet. I'm just saying that at this point you are killing an organism with the complexity of the e. coli virus.  But what is it? What is it growing up to be? It's obviously not going to become a ritz cracker or virus, it's going to be an adult. Many newborns are born with flat lines so doctors can perform surgery, or are born in comas, should we kill them? No.   Infants are already born. They don't need to be fused to someone's uterus to survive. They don't have a 50/50 chance of spontaneously dying at any given moment. Infants are not blatocysts.  Some are born relying on machines to keep them alive. They have a 50/50 chance of dying, many times, and even more times are in comas. Should we kill them? What about infants in artificial wombs, like the ones they invented in England? Does the artificial womb (or rather, the scientists who run it) have a choice of killing it? Further, early on (before implantation) the fetus isn't relying on the mother at all. Is it then not okay to kill it?    It is both a blob of tissue and a human being. I'll agree that many pro-choice organizations wholly or mostly dismiss any and all emotional or spiritual aspect to abortions ("it's just like any other operation!"), and that's not good. But you can't deny that a blastocyst is a blob of tissue that most women don't even notice passing if they miscarry at that point, and is made of so little cellular complexity as to be equivalent to a virus (!). Personally I feel this is just another part of the magic of life that we can from from such as small beginning, but you can't deny that at the beginning, we are not what we are at birth. Otherwise you're going to have to quit taking antibiotics.  I never said that the fetus isn't a blob of tissue- we're all blobs of tissue! Yes, a 9 month old fetus and newborn baby are almost identical- the only difference is that the fetus has an umbilical cord which is only there in the first place because of you.    There is a difference between being conscious and having consciousness. I've been unconscious lots of times, but I always dreamt or thought, as in sleep. An 8-week-old fetus doesn't do that.  Ah, yes, but there are different kinds of unconsciousness. The most common is sleeping, we all sleep, but there are others where the only brain activity are brain waves- the mind is turned off. Brain waves are not the mind, in case you were wondering, brain waves are part of the nervous system. The mind, however, is a different entity.    Source? In my experience, it's been the opposite. Either the person told no one and made the decision on their own, or people were pressuring them to have the child. That's not the issue, though. The issue is whether it should be their choice, not how they come to make the choice.  It's impossible to find statistics for this, because most women can't answer the question. Even so, a study done by Eliott Institute said the of women reporting problems after an abortion, 39% said that they felt pressured by friends and family to have the abortion, and 54% said they felt forced. In my experience, when doing sidewalk counseling towards women, trying to stop them from having an abortion, the woman is always interested, and doesn't want to do it, but the boyfriend (or in my case, the father) yells at me and tells the daughter not to listen to me. Further, that same woman came out of the abortion clinic limping, and saying that she couldn't believe she allowed her baby to be killed.   Nothing. I have no more right to than anyone else, but I might have to one day make the hard choice. Such is life. People allow the deaths of other humans all the time. Someone probably died so you could have cool sneakers, or picking your bananas so you could eat them in February in Alaska if you liked. That is the world we live in. Death is commonplace, most people fare much worse. Maybe (though I don't know for sure) if we lived in a world where every mother was supported and there was no such thing as poverty, people would never have to have abortions. That is not the world we live in. You are so "concerned" for the "right to life" of these organisms which are akin in complexity to bacterium, yet the suffering of millions of born humans doesn't warrant your time. I suspect you of having other motives because of this inconsistency. If you really wanted to live a harm-free existence you wouldn't be on-line as you'd be on an off-grid solar power system which would not support a computer, wearing clothes made of hemp you grew yourself, and too busy making preserves to debate on a forum.  There's a difference between voluntary and involuntary killing. Your logic is extremely corrupt. You're saying because death is everywhere, we can kill the fetus. Does that mean I can kill you too? Obviously not. I do care deeply for people who are dying on this earth, but it's quite different; they aren't dying from myths given by the organizations that they aren't human, they are dying from corrupt governments. I'm in America now- I care about what's going on in American soil. And what's going on in American soil is horrible, and you most definitely cannot justify it by other's sufferings. This is merely a red herring to the debate.
I've heard that 50% of abortions are against what the mother wanted.
 First of all, you are violating federal ordinances by even talking to the woman! You may take on the mask of "counselor" but you are obviously trying to promote your own beleifs, by as you say "trying to stop them" a counselor counsels, he does not try to fill the counselee's mind with his own opinions. In fact, in psychology, you are told to keep your own opinions to yourself.  And I might point out that you are taking advantage of a vulnerable woman, and then using that fact towards your own goals again, by talking about it here in this forum. Obviously the confident woman would ignore you and your fellow "counselors" for the insidious and wrongful people you are, and walk the other way.   excuse me for my ignorance, but i thought since you know so much about this issue, id ask you a few questions that im unsure about. doesn't everybody have a right to go out and speak their beliefs? i mean since the "Real" counselors basically just tell the woman who are pregnant their (the counselors) beliefs, which is that the thing that is growing in their body should be gotten rid of. and couldn't you also say that the abortion counselors are also taking advantage of women who are under a lot of stress and pressure and everything?
 I never said that slavery was right, or that those who abused their slaves were in the right, please stop implying that I have. I have used the fact that abortion is legal only to prove that as of right now, a woman has the right to this procedure. As for proving moral correctness, I have never even tried, as morality is always open to debate, is often based on religious beliefs, and I know that our versions of morality are very different  Again, if society legalized the killing of Jews, would that mean it's okay?   first of all, an abortion costs, on average, about $500 dollars, do you mean to imply that this would somehow be cheaper than the cost involved in carrying a child to term, and then raising it? LOL  No, I'm not. I'm saying that Doctors make a ton of money giving abortions. They don't make a lot of money delivering babies.    Next, as i have previously pointed out, abortion is not a specialty, it is just another duty assigned to an ob/gyn, and I hope I don't have to point out that these doctors do deliver babies. (and they make a lot more money from that, I assure you)  Abortion isn't a specialty because it's usually very easy, but most doctors own clinics where they do abortions, and thus make a lot more money that from hospitals, because they get paid by the abortion. In hospitals, the doctor always gets paid the same. Since almost all delivery rooms are in hospitals (I believe it's the law), doctors in hospitals really don't make as much money, depending on the amounts of profits. Doctors usually have a fixed payment, while abortionists don't.   And, as I have previously posted, the number of women who die in childbirth grossly outweighs the number who die during abortion. The last time more women died from abortion than childbirth was 1970, before Roe V Wade. You have deinied the source, but I am willing to provide similar stats from other sources if neccessary, and they too, will prove you wrong. And, in the case of ectopic pregnancies- I assure you that the doctor knows very well that he is killing the fetus, and so- it is intentional, though no less neccessary to save the mother.  Before 1970, there were about 200-250 women who died annually from abortions. In 1972, the year before Roe V. Wade, only 65 women died in one year, and 24 of the abortions were legal. Further, in 1975 only seven women died from illegal abortions, and 26 from legal abortions, all according to Induced Abortion: A World View  done by The Population Council in New York. 450 women die annually from childbirth in the US today, and about 40 die from legal abortions. But abortion is a much simpler procedure, and is done by much less of the population.    I was referring to late-term or 3rd trimester abortion. It has been years since a woman could have this done electively.  You think that those kinds of abortions are OK? That's even more disgusting! You understand that this is what you're killing, correct? You also understand this fetus fully feels everything and is aware of everything going on. It's just as bad as killing an infant- except that you don't have a good enough reason to kill the infant too. Why not just kill infants now? I don't want it! It's better if it just dies then.   I am going to dismiss your entire killing jews argument because it is irrelevant and totally perplexing.  Not at all, you just refuse to answer it!   nature does not provide flat lines- as in cardiac arrest for doctors to perform surgery, you imbecile. If someone is in cardiac arrest, the doctor would try to restore his pulse before trying surgery. If a child was born with a flat line, they would not do surgery, they would start CPR. The only case in which the heart is stopped for surgery is certain cardio procedures, and this is a very rare case, even more rare for infants. You really should learn a little about medical procedure before you talk about it.  Hello? XXXXX? Am I speaking to a four-year old? You're still not making any sense! Flat lines still happen- whether they are natural or not are not an issue. Does that mean a person on a flat line is really not a human? I don't see how you explaining this medical procedure is refuting my argument at all- you're only helping it. And yes, there have been cases where the doctor needs to do surgery on the brain, he puts a flat line. The infant at this point is on life support while the doctor performs surgery on the infant's brain. If the infant was born naturally with a flat line, it would be brain dead. However, this flat-line is put purposely on the fetus, as you've said, it isn't a natural procedure.    rrrright. darn women! attaching those unneccessary cords for their own whims.  You were the one who had sex! If you were raped, honestly, that's really sad, but that still doesn't justify the killing of your child.   again flaunting your ignorance. Any neural activity results in brainwaves. Even those considered "brain dead" have brain waves, just not the right kind, or rather, not the right levels of them.  Depends on the state. Californian law says that when the brain waves stop, that's when death is. But it's irrelevant, the brain waves that are used in people who are unconscious and the early fetus are not controlled by the mind (conscious is a synonym for mind). Should we, then, be able to kill them?    First of all, you are violating federal ordinances by even talking to the woman! You may take on the mask of "counselor" but you are obviously trying to promote your own beleifs, by as you say "trying to stop them" a counselor counsels, he does not try to fill the counselee's mind with his own opinions. In fact, in psychology, you are told to keep your own opinions to yourself.  And I might point out that you are taking advantage of a vulnerable woman, and then using that fact towards your own goals again, by talking about it here in this forum. Obviously the confident woman would ignore you and your fellow "counselors" for the insidious and wrongful people you are, and walk the other way.  Not unless I'm forcing her to speak to me, as in making physical contact, and if I'm on Planned Parenthood's property. Actually we almost always have a security guard with us at all times. You're telling me I'm taking advantage of vulnerable women? Her boyfriend is! Planned Parenthood is! The confident women don't ignore me; the closed minded ones do.   And so if you care about what is happening in America, then your first goal would be to recognise that you have broken a law. Stay away from the clinic! Your behavior is abominable and is certainly not compassionate, and serves no purpose but your own.  We do this with organizations such as ALL. Rock for Life, Survivors, et cetera. It's completely legal. In fact, before we picket, we go through all the legality issues before picketing.
 When a woman goes into a clinic (or doctor's office) and finds that she is pregnant, the doctor or counselor merely lays all of her options on the table. It is always her choice- they never try to sway her in any direction, knowing how extrmely personal this decision may be.   that may be true, but in alot of cases i have heard the doctor really pushes the woman having an abortion and tells her that it is the best solution to take care of the "problem"   Where are you getting this stuff? Are you just making assumptions based on your personal convictions, or have you actually been a pregnant woman in this predicament? I'm leaning toward the former.   what stuff? my information? if thats what you mean then i get most of it from websites and books i read (wow, i read). i am not making assumptions. i have never been pregnant because i am merely a teenager who does not go throwing around her virginity to anybody. have YOU actually been a pregnant woman in that predicament?    You should realize that if a woman felt she was pressured into having an abortion by an employee of the clinic, she would have legal recourse. I don't think one of these clinics would want to set themselves up for a lawsuit.   i dont think that a pregnant woman who has unexpectedly become pregnant and allowed herself to be pressured into an abortion would be smart enough to file a lawsuit. in many cases the woman only does it because of "friends" "supporting" her. some people need mental help.   Your rights to free speech are not intended to do harm to another person. There are laws protecting me from your speech and vice versa.   i completely agree. especially with laws protecting me from your speech.
What you have "heard" is wrong. We should not base our opinions on rumors.   yes. that was stupid of me.    websites and books are only opinions, state your sources or leave them at the door.   not nessesscarily. books can sometimes be very good sources of information. I have read a few books written by women who had abortions, and they said it was one of the worst and horrible experiences they have ever had. But... i suppose that was just THEIR opinion.   I don't care to discuss my medical history with a mere teenager who has no real concern for me. Let me just say that I have varied experience with this predicament, and I know from experience that the counselors at planned parenthood are helpful, caring people in a very difficult position. And if anything, they pressure you not to do anything without giving it serious thought.   im sorry. did not mean to be personal.     you are dismissing these women as being stupid. that is insulting. You have no idea of the mental state of women you have never met, and as a mere teenager, you have no right or reason to claim anyone needs mental help. Get a psychology degree, and then maybe you will. maybe.   sorry. i should not have said that. but i do know. and stop dissmissing me as a mere teenager. you don't even know me.    I assure you, the feeling is mutual. And if I ever break the laws regarding this matter, and you feel as if you have been harmed, feel free to contact your lawyer.  what a compliment.
 no, it would mean it was legal, and therefore I would have to protest in a lawful manner.  Exactly, so abortion is still WRONG. Your argument has no grounds.    No, I don't think they do make a lot money doing abortions. If the procedure costs $500, I doubt that does much more than pay for the materials. Shoot, when I went in to get a throat culture and flu shot, it cost me nearly that much! Do you think those doctors are "making a ton of money"?  It is a lot of money. In fact, according to a retired abortionist, who used to hire new doctors from medical schools to do abortions, said that they would come once a week and would get paid $75,000- that's a part time job, once a week. According to the interview:   Brad: When you were involved in this industry, what was your annual income?  Eric: When I walked away from the clinics, I walked away from everything. I left my ownership and my money there. I wanted nothing else to do with it. The average doctor who does abortions one day a week at a clinic averages 25-40 abortions. He will walk away in his pocket with an average of $l00,000-$125,000 a year. An average clinic that performs roughly around 8,000 abortions will gross approximately $1 million a year.   Lookie^^^^ you just contradicted yourself. Don't you remember telling me how much more dangerous abortion is than chilbirth? Or do you just contradict everything, and expect people to have the same memory flaws as you? BTW, these numbers are much larger than any I have seen anywhere, but ok. I'm still right.  I never said it was more dangerous than childbirth. You're arguing against something never said. But even so, there are more childbirths than abortions, so of course the number of childbirth deaths is going to be greater than abortions.    no, i refuse to follow your link, even the address shows it is obviously biased and propagnadizing. I'll look to a medical reference book for my information, not "priests for life" And i do beleive that if the woman's life is in danger, she has every right to choose abortion. I'm not saying she should, I'm just saying she has a right to the option. I'm disgusting? coming from you that is a compliment thank you  Closed-mindedness in action! It's a picture of a six-month-old fetus- not an article. The picture can be found anywhere, that's just the site I knew it was at. If her life is threatened, the point shouldn't be to kill one, but to save both, as I've said several times. It should be INDIRECT abortion. If a mother and daughter were about to fall off a cliff, and one had to fall off first for the other to survive, what would your solution be? A) put a pillow at the bottom of the cliff, B) kill one?    I'm not going to dignify your chauvenism and ignorance with an answer.  I only called you a XXXXX because you called me an imbecile.    the brain waves are not controlled by the mind? What are they controlled by then? LOL  Allow me to rephrase- I said it incorrectly. The mind is separate from brainwaves. Brainwaves aren't part of the mind- but simply activity within the brain. An 8-week-old fetus has brain waves- does that mean it has a mind? No. It's not aware; it doesn't think; it's not conscious.    You should never be on planned parenthood's property- you are not a patient. You are in violation of the law, and you are not "counseling" anyone.  We DIDN'T go on Planned Parents property, as I've already made quite clear.    When will you people learn? You won't convince people through apologetics, especially on a moral issue--one of basic logic, maybe, but not one that involves religious and moral presuppositions. It's silly to talk about it. The same arguments surface over and over and over and over... Stop bitching about it and shut up.  I never base my arguments on religion unless I'm debating religion. I debate abortion fully based on our medical and scientific knowledge, and logic. Sure, there's some morality involved, and that morality is that it's wrong to kill another innocent human being.    Should we treat a toddler like an adult because that is what they are going to be? No, what matters is what they are now. During an early herbal abortion you're talking about a blastocyst. That's what it is. Later it is a fetus. Not a born infant. They are different in many ways.  No, you don't treat a toddler like an adult- but what do you treat it as? You treat the child well. You protect it. Your natural obligation is to take care of the child- you don't see animals having abortions- they care for their children.    Infants. Not blastocysts or fetuses.  So? What makes them different? The infant doesn't look like you and me- adult humans. It looks very different. In the same way, the fetus doesn't look like how we perceive humans to look like.    At 9 months, yes. Which is not when elective abortions are given.  Not anymore, it used to be that way about three months ago.   Hold the phone. You actually go up to women entering clinics and harrass them? And you call me disgusting...  No, we don't harass them; we beg them to reconsider. It's not harassment- it's trying to save innocent human lives.    Nobody walks into an abortion clinic going "yay! I'm killing my fetus today!".  ROFLMAO.   No sh!t, you @sshole. Nobody walks into an abortion clinic going "yay! I'm killing my fetus today!". But unless you're offering to painlessly transplant the fetus onto your uterus, you aren't offering these women any more choices than they already had when they made their decision. Leave them the hell alone.  Enough of your insults; they're very offensive. This is a mature debate, we're not hating eachother. I'm trying to act as mature as I can but you continue to debate like a 14-year-old boy during puberty. Moving along, most women don't realize they're killing anything- they don't think about it because nobody gives them a chance to. I'm sure you don't tell women who are considering abortions that the fetus is a human being. Why? Because women will refuse to have abortions if they knew that!    I'm saying that on the scale of world tragedies, abortion of blastocysts/fetuses just seems like an absurd thing to focus on. What about the millions of starving, and/or infured, and/or orphaned Iraqi children that result from the US's foreign policies? What about the Zapatistas getting massacred in Chiapas? What about the working conditions in the factories where everything you own gets made? There are many places you could expend your energy and truly ease human suffering in this world. Instead you go around yelling at pregnant women for destroying something that has the cellular complexity of a disease.  So I suppose we also should abandon debating this altogether, along with 90% of the things on this forum, right? LOL. You're funny.   Actually, doctors often encourage people to have caesarians, because they get more money from that than delivery, which isn't a surgery and takes much longer. So don't worry about them, they do well anyway. What this has to do with abortion I don't know. That's one example of why less abortions happen in hospitals- they usually happen in abortion clinics.
 I've already made that clear. One is undeveloped- it is more similar to a simpler organism such as a mollusk or fish than a born human.  The toddler is undeveloped- it still has another 16 years or so to grow up. What about deformed children? Some of them don't look human. Can we kill them? Remember the elephant man? People treated him as an animal, and he was sold like an animal, and forced to do tricks. At one point, a crowd of people chased after him, and he ran. He finally was trapped in an alley, and yelled out "I AM A HUMAN BEING". Just because somebody doesn't look like what you perceive as a human being, doesn't mean isn't one.    These people are lying to you. You are really doing wrong by trying to "counsel" women going into abortion clinics.  Umm, yeah that's what ALL is... so what? They offer post-abortion treatment centers too.
 I'm not talking about what they look like. I'm talking about their cellular structure. That said, I've never heard of a disabled person born with a tail, or that in any way resembled a blastocyst (not even the "Elephant man" did).  Everyone has tails! So the only way the zygote is going to be human is if somebody BORN looks like it? So the only way a toddler is going to be human is if an ADULT looks like it. Right? Poor logic.    So you have no problem spreading lies to "innocent" people walking into abortion clinics?  If they were lies, I would have problems.
Why would they do that? What interest do you think they have in people having abortions? They want to make sure abortion is available and known as an option, but they are actually not allowed to try to sway the person either way.   Yes. They do give them abortion as an option. but ONLY abortion. they are there to help the women know that abortion is available. but they don't even tell them about adoption being an option too.
I'm not talking about what they look like. I'm talking about their cellular structure. I'm not talking about what they look like. I'm talking about their cellular structure. I'm not talking about what they look like. I'm talking about their cellular structure. I'm not talking about what they look like. I'm talking about their cellular structure.  That doesn't matter. The infant doesn't have sperm, does that mean it doesn't have a right to live? The infant only weights about 7 lbs, verses an adult who weighs around 130. Does that mean it doesn't have rights either? Genetically, Down's syndrome patients are corrupt- they have too many or too little chromosones. Do they not have rights to life either? I mean, our cellular structure is ALWAYS different in the cycle of life, and further some defected humans have different cellular structures as well, does that mean that we can kill people of ONE kind of these structures?  So then you actually believe their claims such as that emergency contraception, the Pill, Depo-Provera®, and Norplant® are unsafe abortifacients and abortion causes breast cancer and severe psychological trauma? Have you actually researched the validity (lack thereof in this case) of these claims?  Well, I don't know too much about it, but I've heard that it does, though I also heard on the news last year that these were proven false, but only one aspect. From my understanding, the reason why abortion is dangerous is that you're prematurly opening the uterus to get the fetus ou and kill it, and the body is already on a 9-month cycle to take care of the fetus, and when you suddenly stop it like that it causes problems- just like premature births. I don't know too much about it though. Why are you asking me this?
Because, as I said, this organization distributes this false information in order to scare women into not having abortions. They are liars.  ALL doesn't state that breast cancer is caused by abortion, they say it can be caused by abortion, which may be true. IT's certainly not a lie. Now Planned Parenthood spreads lies that the fetus isnt' a human being, will never feel it, and tell women that it's not religiously a sin to have an abortion. Planned Parenthood has it's shares of lies- probably more so than ALL. As a matter of fact, Margaret Sanger was a racist, and published a book called "The Negro Project", which was basically a racist book about why the African race should die.   "Birth control: to create a race of thoroughbreds." -Margaret Sanger, Birth Control Review, November 1921  "More children from the fit, less from the unfit-that is the chief aim of birth control."  -Margaret Sanger, Birth Control Review, May 1919  "The most successful educational approach to the Negro is through a religious appeal.  We do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population,  and the minister is the man who can straighten out that idea if it ever occurs  to any of their more rebellious members."  - Margaret Sanger, letter to Clarence Gamble, Dec. 10,1939.  "Before eugenists and others who are laboring for racial betterment can succeed,  they must first clear the way for Birth Control. Like the advocates of Birth Control,  the eugenists, for instance, are seeking to assist the race toward the elimination of the unfit.  Both are seeking a single end but they lay emphasis upon different methods. ..."  -Margaret Sanger, "Birth Control and Racial Betterment." Birth Control Review,  February 1919,  "Those least fit to carry on the race are increasing most rapidly. ... Funds that should be  used to raise the standard of our civilization are diverted to maintenance of those who  should never have been born."  -Margaret Sanger, Pivot of Civilization  There are plenty of other quotes. Obviously, Margaret Sanger was a racist.
 more info from PP's website here  Oh and Planned Parenthood is not biased. There's no difference in getting it from your mouth or Planned Parenthood's mouth, the same people who supported the extermination of Jews and blacks.    I haven't seen them say the fetus isn't human, neither have I seen them say anything about whether abortion is "religiously a sin" (sic). I already posted why the fetus won't feel it, the medical evidence is as conclusive as can be without getting sworn affadivits from fetuses. Do you even know anything about PP firsthand, or have you gotten all your info filtered through ALL?  Did I say you said that the fetus isn't human? No! In the same way, I never said I thought breast cancer was the cause of abortion! LOL.    The picture you paint of Sanger is deliberately misleading- some of the quotes aren't even from her. Planned Parenthood's website is open about some questionable beliefs she had, and they also do not share these beliefs or policies which promote them.  How would you know? The sources are all there and from her speeches- none are made up. Margaret Sanger FOUNDED Planned Parenthood and they regard Margaret Sanger as a hero, and yet her goal in founding Planned Parenthood was to make the "perfect race".    Unlike the Catholic Church, which is also racist, and has not changed in their racist beliefs and practices.  The Catholic Church doesn't acknowledge race. Please, without laughing, tell me that the Catholic Church is racist, and give me evidence.    This is obviously, if you are paying attention, a quote from the same article you pulled a quote from, where she compares the movement for birth control to eugenicists. It is obvious if you read more that she disagreed with eugenicists. The fact that she helped Jewish people escape Hitler while the US gov't was turning them back by the thousands also adds to the case that she isn't as racist as anti-abortionists claim.  Link please. Don't just give me websites without links.    By the way, Sanger never said that anyone should have abortions. She only spoke of contraceptives.  She was also involved with illegal abortions. Once again, please give me links. How am I supposed to accept the credibility of your quotes? The last source you gave me was written by an anti-catholic ministry!
 I don't know what you're talking about here. When did Planned Parenthood support the extermination of Black people and Jewish people?  Their goal is to have a pure white race. Therefore, Jews, blacks, Asians, Arabs, Mexican, all must go.    As I said, though, I disagree with much of her beliefs. I won't argue that she wasn't racist. However, I think if you're going to critique someone's philosophy you should use quotes by them, not by other people. Read her writings yourself, and find me a place where she says that she wanted Black people's extermination. Also, you would have to explain why W.E.B. DuBois and Martin Luther King were friends with her, if she really believed in the extermination of Black people.  I was using Margaret Sanger, because you asked me how I could be part of an organization that "spreads lies to women" which isn't true. Now I'm attacking you for supporting an organization founded by racist. I already read the Negro project online and some other writings.    For someone whom you claim advocated the extermination of all Jewish people, this is an odd sentiment. Even stranger is the fact that she embarked on a campaign to allow entry of Jewish refugees, despite the US gov't unwillingness to increase the "quota" given the situation in Europe.  I never said she was. I said she was for the slaughter of blacks. Planned Parenthood is for the killing of Jews, along with everyone else....   So, either Sanger wasn't really an anti-semite (she was at least less anti-semitic than the US gov't at the time), or she enjoyed doing things which went against her own ideas. Then again, you have no evidence that anti-semitism was one of her ideas, so there you are.  My statement was never about Margaret Sanger being anti-Semitic, but Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood, however, is not specifically anti-Semitic, but entirely racist.     Yes, they are. I gave you the sources. Unless you can come up with a statement where Sanger says she believes in the extermination of people of color, you are just running off at the mouth to say so.  I already gave you the sources. I told you what books and writings they came from. I was attacking YOU for giving me NO sources at ALL, and the only sources you gave me were from biased websites!   Yes, they are. I gave you the sources. Unless you can come up with a statement where Sanger says she believes in the extermination of people of color, you are just running off at the mouth to say so.  Most of your replies were not valid. You kept quoting other people like ""To create a race of thoroughbreds. . ." This remark, again attributed originally to Sanger, was made by Dr. Edward A. Kempf and has been cited out of context and with distorted meaning. Dr. Kempf, a progressive physician, was actually arguing for state endowment of maternal and infant care clinics. In her book The Pivot of Civilization, Sanger quoted Dr. Kempf's argument about how environment may improve human excellence:"... THAT'S what I want sources for, NOT the only ones. YOU get THOSE links.    How am I supposed to accept the credibility of your quotes? You are the one that is arguing that Sanger wanted people of color's extermination. You show the evidence.  Because I left the source! I told you where they came from. If you wanted to, you can open up the Birth Control periodicals from your local library and find all these statements.    However, you may find that difficult, because I doubt there is any. Sanger was allied with the liberal wing of the eugenics movement. So were many other prominent persons of the day (if they weren't allied with the fascist wing of the same movement). She was born into a poor family and believed that poverty could be overcome partly by access to birth control for the poor (as the rich had access already). She also believed that healthy people should procreate and others shouldn't. This is obviously a problematic and outdated opinion. Still, she disagreed with the separation of access to birth control (and in fact disagreed with the separation of eugenics) along racial lines. All of her writings show that although she advocated "breeding for the fit", she did not consider fitness to be race-based.  You doubt there are any? I've already given you my sources. If not I could be accused to plagiarism, which is very much illegal. Are you saying that Hitler also had outdated opinions, so really he wasn't that bad of a guy? What about Mao and Pol Pot? I can say the same about dozens of people- all have done a little good. The problem is the bad they did was horrible. Notice in all the pictures done of Margaret Sanger, all the people surrounding her are white... hmmm...   Furthermore, the past history of an organization is only relevant if that organization refuses to acknowledge their disagreement with these past actions/philosophies, and/or continues to practice this behavior. You have not demonstrated any evidence that Planned Parenthood advocates eugenics. So your point is moot.  Once again, Read that article. It is written by blacks who are being killed off before their first breath by people like Planned Parenthood.   I notice you have nothing more to say about the terrorist organization you work with. That's probably wise, but this Sanger thing is such a transparent red herring.  We're a terrorist organization now? What bull XXXX are you making up now, little bird? I have tons to say about my organization that I proudly work for, but we havn't discussed it. Planned Parenthood is a racist organization.   Moving onto how the Catholic Church is NOT racist, your source is so incredibly biased. Please, give me a REAL source, no BS sources.   On April of 1935, Pope Pius XII said at a speech in front of 200 thousand people in Lourdes, France: ""are in reality only miserable plagiarists who dress up old errors with new tinsel. It does not make any difference whether they flock to the banners of social revolution, whether they are guided by a false concept of the world and of life, or whether they are possessed by the superstition of a race and blood cult."  Further, if Pius was a racist, why did he invite thousands of Jews to spend the night IN the Vatican City when the Nazis planned a round-up of Jews? Why did Pius have all the convents keep Jews inside?   Have you seen the movie The Scarlet and the Black, or at least heard of the story? Gregory Peck is in it.    "The Pope sent out the order that religious buildings were to give refuge to Jews, even at the price of great personal sacrifice on the part of their occupants; he released monasteries and convents from the cloister rule forbidding entry into these religious houses to all but a few specified outsiders, so that they could be used as hiding places. Thousands of Jews-the figures run from 4,000 to 7,000-were hidden, fed, clothed, and bedded in the 180 known places of refuge in Vatican City, churches and basilicas, Church administrative buildings, and parish houses. Unknown numbers of Jews were sheltered in Castel Gandolfo, the site of the Pope's summer residence, private homes, hospitals, and nursing institutions; and the Pope took personal responsibility for the care of the children of Jews deported from Italy." A Question of Moral Judgement: Pius XII and the Jews,, Joseph Lichten   "in Rome we saw a list of 155 convents and monasteries-Italian, French, Spanish, English, American, and also German-mostly extraterritorial property of the Vatican . . . which sheltered throughout the German occupation some 5,000 Jews in Rome. No less than 3,000 Jews found refuge at one time at the Pope's summer residence at Castel Gandolfo; sixty lived for nine months at the Jesuit Gregorian University, and half a dozen slept in the cellar of the Pontifical Bible Institute. pg. 118, Rabbi Pinchas E. Lapide,  Three Popes and the Jews (New York: Hawthorn, 1967)  Obviously, the Catholic Church was not racist.
BTW if you want to stop debating this I'm all open to it because I really am sick of it. :P
 okay, maybe it hasn't actually supported racism, but it has not done anything to stop it... remember the church's stance of non-involvement during the holocaust? Or any race war, for that matter?  Um, actually as I've shown the church was heavily involved with the war. Yes, it was neutral, but secretly we were helping the Jews, just like the Swiss were secretly giving them to Nazis.
 As I said, you have offered no evidence of this. This is just your interpretation of the consequences of thier beliefs. This is not reflected in their writings or their practices. If you can support this statement with anything PP say or do (besides offer abortions to all), then by all means, please do, because I am tired of trying to explain to you how debating is supposed to work.  They call Margaret Sanger a "hero" even though she was extremely racist!    "Margaret Sanger is responsible, more than anyone else, for keeping alive international racism." (Drogin, Elasah, Margaret Sanger: Father of Modern Society) Margaret Sanger, 1883-1966, the founder of Planned Parenthood of America and honorary president of International Planned Parenthood, edited the American Birth Control League's publication the Birth Control Review. (Drogin, Elasah. Margaret Sanger: Father of Modern Society. CUL Publications, New Hope KY, 1989. p. 11.) Sanger played the attractive hostess for racist thinkers all over the world. Organizing the First World Population Conference in Geneva in 1926, she invited Clarence C. Little, Edward A. East, Henry Pratt Fairchild, and Raymond Pearl -- all infamous racists. (Birth Control Review, November, 1926.) In 1931 Sanger founded the Population Association of America with Fairchild as its head. Fairchild, formerly the secretary-treasurer of the American Eugenics Society and the leading academic racist of the decade, wrote The Melting Pot Mistake which denigrated the Jews, referring to them as the inferior new immigrants who would threaten the native Nordic stock. (Allan Chase, The Legacy of Malthus, p. 656.)  Edward A. East, a firm believer in Black inferiority, persuaded Mrs. Sanger to gather information about her clients at her Maternity Research Clinic that went beyond medical histories. She agreed to include information about the nationality, heredity, and religion of the patients and to make a "judgement" regarding the amount of racial intermixture of the patient, "whether the person was more or less pure Black, mulatto, quadroon, etc." (Linda Gordon, Woman's Body, Woman's Right, p. 287.) Lothrop Stoddart was on Sanger's board of directors for years. As previously mentioned, he had a personal interview with Adolf Hitler and was very impressed. His book, The Rising Tide of Color Against White World-Supremacy, was written while he served on Sanger's board. Havelock Ellis, one of Sanger's extra-marital lovers, reviewed this abominable book favorably in The Birth Control Review. (Birth Control Review, October, 1920. In the 20s and 30s Sanger fearlessly carried on with these racists and many others, totally uninhibited. But when Adolf Hitler poisoned the air by politically carrying out her eugenics schemes, Mrs. Sanger and her crew made some changes. The term "birth control" had always been associated with eugenics, so the American Birth Control League changed its name to Planned Parenthood. The racist language changed with it. Such terms as "good or bad breeding stock" were changed to "class" or "income level". (Linda Gordon, Woman's Body, Woman's Rights, p. 347.) Eugenics is identical to racism because both believe that there are innately, irreversibly inferior groups of human beings. Eugenicist-racists believe in the inequality of the races and that by selective breeding the inferior race can be improved -- by "selective breeding" is meant that the inferior breeders of the population are somehow consistently eliminated.   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~   PLANNED PARENTHOOD  The classic comprehensive 1988 exposé of Planned Parenthood, Grand Illusions, The Legacy of Planned Parenthood, by George Grant, still provides valuable insights into the nature of that organization.   Some highlights are:  Planned Parenthood is the world's oldest, largest, and best organized provider of abortion and birth control services. It now plays a strategic role in the health and social services community. It carries considerable political clout through lobbying, legislation, advocacy, campaigning, and litigation. It has brokered its abortion trade into a public image that is very nearly unassailable. It has a no-nonsense, tough-as-nails, down-to-earth, where-the-rubber-meets-the-road kind of reputation that has made it a glittering star in the grand constellation of the American social service field.   All that glitters, however, is not gold:  Planned Parenthood claims to advocate the freedom of women to choose if and when they will have children, without government interference. The truth is that from its very inception, Planned Parenthood has sought mandatory population control measures measures carefully designed to deny the freedom to choose. Over the years it has proposed that our government implement such things as 'compulsory abortion for out-of-wedlock pregnancies,' 'compulsory sterilization for those who already have two children,' and 'tax penalties' for existing large families.   China has taken Planned Parenthood's suggestions to heart, launching a brutal, no-holds-barred, one-child-per-couple policy. Planned Parenthood continues to maintain that the communist government's genocidal approach to population control is a 'model of efficiency.' In a recent survey of women who had received abortions at Planned Parenthood, ninety-five percent of the women said that their Planned Parenthood counselors gave 'little or no information about the potential health risks which might follow the surgery.' And eighty-nine percent said that their counselor was 'strongly biased in favor of the abortion.'   Planned Parenthood's pose as a champion of the underprivileged is a cruel hoax foisted on the uninformed and unsuspecting. The truth is, Planned Parenthood appears to want to eliminate the poor, not serve them. Animosity toward the weak and lowly has been its hallmark from its earliest days. In fact, its entire program of family limitation was designed to foster an elitist program against the under classes. In 1927, Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, argued that organized attempts to help the poor were the surest sign that our civilization has bred, is breeding, and is perpetuating constantly increasing numbers of defectives, delinquents, and dependents. Planned Parenthood has always targeted minorities, the unwanted, and the disadvantaged for family limitation, contraception, abortion, and sterilization. More children from the fit, less from the unfit, Sanger pined, that is the chief issue of birth control. To this day, the trust of Planned Parenthood's literature constantly devises new plans to penetrate Black, Hispanic, and ethnic communities with its crippling message of Eugenic racism.   Planned Parenthood claims that it is in the forefront of the battle against sexually transmitted diseases. The truth is, Planned Parenthood's efforts have been tragically counterproductive. It has become a veritable Typhoid Mary, actually encouraging the spread of syphilis, gonorrhea, chlamydia, herpes, hepatitis, granuloma, chancroid, and even AIDS at an alarming rate. Besides the fact that it constantly exhorts youngsters to flaunt a ribald and irresponsible promiscuity, it continually promotes an alarmingly 'unsafe' exercise of that promiscuity.   Instead of affording its fornicating disciples with the slim security of barrier devices, it primarily peddles the entirely unguarded prescription birth control methods. Eighty percent of Planned Parenthood's clients receive non-barrier contraceptives, and eighty-eight percent of those who previously practiced 'safe sex' are dissuaded from continuing.   Planned Parenthood claims that sex education is a necessary and effective means of preventing teen pregnancies. The truth is, Planned Parenthood's sex education programs have backfired, actually increasing teen pregnancies. The conclusion, one that Planned Parenthood researchers have been unable to escape, is that sex education courses only exacerbate the teen pregnancy problem. [pages 24-30, footnotes omitted.]  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~   Sanger's assistants gave Braun more pro-birth control literature and a copy of her autobiography, which he gave to his wife to read. Sanger's message of preventing maternal and infant mortality stirred Braun's wife. Now convinced of this need, Braun permitted a group of women to use his chapel for a birth-control talk. "[I was] moved by the number of prominent [black] Christians backing the proposition," Braun wrote in a letter to Sanger. "At first glance I had a horrible shock to the proposition because it seemed to me to be allied to abortion, but after thought and prayer, I have concluded that especially among many women, it is necessary both to save the lives of mothers and children [emphasis added]." By 1949, Sanger had hoodwinked black America's best and brightest into believing birth control's "life-saving benefits." In a monumental feat, she bewitched virtually an entire network of black social, professional and academic organizations into endorsing Planned Parenthood's eugenic program. Sanger's successful duplicity does not in any way suggest blacks were gullible. They certainly wanted to decrease maternal and infant mortality and improve the community's overall health. They wholly accepted her message because it seemed to promise prosperity and social acceptance. Sanger used their vulnerabilities and their ignorance (of her deliberately hidden agenda) to her advantage. Aside from birth control, she offered no other medical or social solutions to their adversity. Surely, blacks would not have been such willing accomplices had they perceived her true intentions. Considering the role eugenics played in the early birth control movement-and Sanger's embracing of that ideology-the notion of birth control as seemingly the only solution to the problems that plagued blacks should have been much more closely scrutinized. "Scientific Racism" Planned Parenthood has gone to great lengths to repudiate the organization's eugenic origins. It adamantly denies Sanger was a eugenicist or racist, despite evidence to the contrary. Because Sanger stopped editing The Birth Control Review in 1929, the organization tries to disassociate her from the eugenic and racist-oriented articles published after that date. However, a summary of an address Sanger gave in 1932, which appeared in the Review that year, revealed her continuing bent toward eugenics. In "A Plan for Peace," Sanger suggested Congress set up a special department to study population problems and appoint a "Parliament of Population." One of the main objectives of the "Population Congress" would be "to raise the level and increase the general intelligence of population." This would be accomplished by applying a "stern and rigid policy of sterilization and segregation [ in addition to tightening immigration laws] to that grade of population whose progeny is already tainted, or whose inheritance is such that objectionable traits may be transmitted to offspring." It's reasonable to conclude that as the leader of Planned Parenthood-even after 1929-Sanger would not allow publication of ideas she didn't support. Sanger's defenders argue she only wanted to educate blacks about birth control's "health benefits." However, she counted the very people she wanted to "educate" among the "unfit," whose numbers needed to be restricted. Grant presents other arguments Sanger's supporters use to refute her racist roots:  blacks, Jews, Hispanics and other minorities are well represented in the   the former, high-profile president of the organization, Faye Wattleton, is a black woman;   "aggressive" minority hiring practices have been standard procedure for more than two decades;   the "vast majority of the nation's ethnic leadership solidly and actively supports the work" of the organization.  These justifications also fail because of what Grant calls "scientific racism." This form of racism is based on genes, rather than skin color or language. "The issue is not 'color of skin' or 'dialect of tongue,'" Grant writes, "but 'quality of genes [emphasis added].'" Therefore, "as long as blacks, Jews and Hispanics demonstrate 'a good quality gene pool'-as long as they 'act white and think white'-then they are esteemed equally with Aryans. As long as they are, as Margaret Sanger said, 'the best of their race,' then they can be [counted] as valuable citizens [emphasis added]." By the same token, "individual whites" who shoe "dysgenic traits" must also have their fertility "curbed right along with the other 'inferiors and undesirables.'" In short, writes Grant, "Scientific racism is an equal opportunity discriminator [emphasis added]. Anyone with a 'defective gene pool' is suspect. And anyone who shows promise may be admitted to the ranks of the elite." The eugenic undertone is hard to miss. As Grant rightly comments, "The bottom line is that Planned Parenthood was self-consciously organized, in part, to promote and enforce White Supremacy. ... It has been from its inception implicitly and explicitly racist." "There is no way to escape the implications," argues William L. Davis, a black financial analyst Grant quotes. "When an organization has a history of racism, when its literature is openly racist, when it goals are self-consciously racial, and when its programs invariably revolve around race, it doesn't take an expert to realize that the organization is indeed racist." Sanger's Legacy  Its is impossible to sever Planned Parenthood's past from its present. Its legacy of lies and propaganda continues to infiltrate the black community. This poison is even more venomous because, in addition to birth control, Planned Parenthood touts abortion as a solution to the economic and social problems that plague the community. In its wake is the loss of more than 12 million lives within the black community alone. Planned Parenthood's own record reflect this. For example, a 1992 report revealed that 23.2 percent of women who obtained abortions at its affiliates were black---although blacks represent no more than 13 percent of the total population. In 1996, Planned Parenthood's research arm reported: "Blacks, who make up 14 percent of all childbearing women, have 31 percent of all abortions and whites, who account for 81 percent of women of childbearing age, have 61 percent." "Abortion is the number-one killer of blacks in America," says Rev. Hunter of LEARN. "We're losing our people at the rate of 1,452 a day. That's just pure genocide. There's no other word for it. [Sanger's] influence and the whole mindset that Planned Parenthood has brought into the black community ... say it's okay to destroy your people. We bought into the lie; we bought into the propaganda." Some blacks have even made abortion "right" synonymous with civil rights. "We're destroying the destiny and purpose of others who should be here," Hunter laments. "Who knows the musicians we've lost? Who knows the great leaders the black community has really lost? Who knows what great minds of economic power people have lost? What great teachers?" He recites an old African proverb: "No one knows whose womb holds the chief." Hunter has personally observed the vestiges of Planned Parenthood's eugenic past in the black community today. "When I travel around the country...I can only think of one abortion clinic [I've seen] in a predominantly white neighborhood. The majority of clinics are in black neighborhoods." Hunter noted the controversy that occurred tow years ago in Louisiana involving school-based health clinics. The racist undertone could not have been more evident. In the Baton Rouge district, officials were debating placing clinics in the high schools. Black state representative Sharon Weston Broome initially supported the idea. She later expressed concern about clinics providing contraceptives and abortion counseling. "Clinics should promote abstinence," she said. Upon learning officials wanted to put the clinics in black schools only, Hunter urged her to suggest they be placed in white schools as well. At Broome's suggestion, however, proposals for t he school clinics were "dropped immediately," reported Hunter.   Further, PP has never condemned the forced abortions going on in China. Planned Parenthood's racism has spread so greatly, that now almost 40% of abortions are done by blacks.    Again, you offered no evidence to support this.  Planned Parenthood spreads lies, as shown above.    Perhaps, but certainly not by someone who advocated the extermination of any race. Either way, as I said, Planned Parenthood neither advocates or practices her beliefs at this time, and in fact openly condemns them. Can you not find anything wrong with PP presently?  Show me ONE source where PP condemns Margaret Sanger's racism. Yes, there are a lot of problems with Planned Parenthood today. They recommended China to have abortions, and now forced abortions are being done on women, and PP hasn't said anything about it. They have not regretted their racism in the past. They give biased opinions to women about their "options". They brainwash teenage girls into having an abortion, and keep it secret from their parents. This is SICK.  [quote] The website you quote is not against Sanger's racism in particular, but what the organizers feel is the inherent racism of many state contraceptive/abortion programs. However, for starters, they are a religious anti-abortion organization, and second they don't actually quote Sanger saying or doing anything particularly racist, but instead quote right-wing eugenicists or speak of abortion providers in general.[/quoet]  Actually they quote Sanger a lot. Here, here, and I'm sure you can find other places.    This is another quote from the same website which makes it clear that Sanger never advocated the extermination of any particular race, as her idea of genetic "fitness" was not divided by race.  What?! Grant made it clear that Sanger was OK with non-whites who "acted" white. THAT IS STILL RACIST!   a) the sources you gave me were from biased web-sites and organizations as well,  b) upon investigation, every one of your quotes was either taken out of context, inconclusive (ie showed she was for eugenics but not for the extermination of anyone), or a patently false invention.  My sources have sources in themselves- and if they don't, I give you sources. You just give me articles written by third-party political scientists who provide no valid quotes.    None of your quotes from Margaret Sanger include her saying she believes in the extermination of any particular race.  Only those who "act" like their race. If they act white, they're OK! So let's kill all Asians, Africans, and Hispanics, unless they act white, they've gotta go.    As I said before;"ALL deliberately misinforms people, spreading fear in order to get people to comply with their political agenda. That is by definition terrorism."  Um, no it is not. Terrorism involves violence, pro-lifers (generally) do not use physical violence. There are some rare cases where people like the Army of God bomb abortion clinics, calling them "radical clinic bombers", and even Feminists For Life offered a reward for the capture of a clinic bomber.   Which one? I provided two- one written by a Catholic and published by the Goan Overseas Digest ("a digest of issues for Goan & Asian diaspora"), one from an anti-racism site on a Jewish Christian webring.   Once source was from this site. Yes, very credible. The other was written by some figure who was a secretary for Catholic bishop's conference, but we don't know anything about the guy.    You still haven't addressed any of the issues I offered, citing instead information about other things that members of the Catholic Church may have done, as though this is conclusive evidence for your claim that "the Catholic Church is NOT racist". As though saying that enough times will make my points magically dissapear. Perhaps instead you should just click your heels three times saying "there's no place like Church". Then again, you could try actually debating.  Those things that the Catholic Church did were BY the PAPAL authority. THAT IS THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.    Why would the church make itself neutral in such atrocities? Why would any aid given to the afflicted be made secret? And please refrain from using the "we" word, you weren't born for several decades, and I'm sure have no involvement in papal dictates even now. It's not like I would claim to have involvement in official american policy during the war.  For the same reason Switzerland, Spain, Sweden, Ireland, and other nations went neutral; so they wouldn't be invaded. The Vatican was always supported by Italy, but when Italy went fascist, do you think that's a smart move to make to ally yourself to people thousands of miles away? No. If they allied with Germany, they could have gotten benefits. However, instead they went neutral.
 You can make allegations and quote opinions of people she associated with all you like, none of this proves anything I didn't say myself. You still haven't demonstated any evidence that Sanger herself advocated the elimination of any one race.  Being racist doesn't necessarily mean that you are for the extermination for a race, but just against the race itself.    You want to talk about biased sources? First of all, you quote this person's opinion, not, say, a fact or anything like that, but worse, you quote a totally BS book.  What gives you that impression?   Again, you quote pro-life people's opinions, none of whom are able to find any quotes of Sanger actually saying she believed in racial extermination.  LOL! What a hypocrite! Just a little while ago you tried to DEFEND yourself for quoting people who SUPPORTED your argument, and now when I do it as well, you attack ME!    It doesn't seem to matter how many times I write something, you refuse to really read anyone else's posts. One more time; I never argued that Sanger wasn't racist, just that she never advocated (and in fact openly disagreed with) racial extermination, which was your contention.  Okay, why does that make it any worse? Margaret Sanger was a racist, period. Planned Parenthood doesn't attack her for being racist, and instead denies it, period.    Look it up. I have two dictionaries, both use the terms "fear or force", neither imply that force is necessary. Maybe you should try finding out the definition of a word before you argue about it.  By your definition of terrorism I can easily say Planned Parenthood terrorizes teenage girls into having abortions.    As I said, the author is a Jewish Christian, and his site is on a Jewish Christian webring.  Many Christians are anti-Catholic! That's still not a credible source.    Do you have to know the author personally now for them to be credible?  YES!!!!   Both sites are by Christians, one is a Catholic, but that isn't enough for you. Yet you can't find any anti-Sanger propaganda that isn't from an anti-abortion organization. It's becoming increasingly obvious that you only find sources "credible" if they agree with you.  One isn't Catholic. Both sites are Christian, one is by a third party author. The site doesn't even work. I can't even go and find out WHO this guy is. Just because Eddie D'Sa met Richard Zipfel doesn't mean he's a Catholic, let alone valid! Protestants are generally anti-Catholic and often criticize the church for not condemning racism in the past, although we really weren't racist (we banned slavery in the 1400s!)   Exactly. In some cases helping individual Jewish people, in others making them easier to kill. I suppose to you, that is good enough. My moral standards are just a little higher, in particular from people who claim to speak for "God".  You're just bullshooting again. The Pope did not support the killing of Jews. That is a lie. Many Catholics probably did- sure. Many protestants, atheist, agnostics, you named it also did. But the Pope himself was against it, and SAVED Jews from the Nazis.
Someone has been lying to you. But don't take my word for it (even though I know people who have found midwives to deliver their children and people to adopt them through "real" counsellors), do the research yourself.  someone has been lying to me. but no one has been lying to you?  and you don't need to worry about it, i won't take our word for it. emoticon_xkill
 I know. You have repeatedly stated that Sanger believed in the extermination of Jewish and Black people. Now you retreat and say she was racist even though she didn't believe the things you said she believed. I never argued she wasn't racist. So what are you going on about?  Though you didn't admit that Sanger was racist till later, my point isn't saying that she was racist and you are wrong, but that she was racist, PP adores her, and they don't regret her being racist. It raises a lot of suspicion.    Margaret Sanger: Father of Modern Society  I don't know, that doesn't sound biased at all. That sounds like a very UNBIASED source.    This sentence makes no sense. Are you saying I was defending myself by quoting people who supported my argument, or for quoting people who supported my argument. Of course I will use quotes which support my argument- that is the essence of debating. As for the other case, my quotes from PP included references to Sanger's published works, not mere opinion.  You misunderstand quoting. Unlike what you've been doing (and I admit I've been doing the same recently, but only because you've been doing it), quoting is going to the actual sources and interpreting them. You don't use sources that quote and interpret for you, and take their word for it.   Paranoia will destroy ya, Parcum. I hardly consider my response should be described as an "attack".  Oh, I assure you, it's not paranoia. It's annoyance.    They deny the absurd allegations of ALL (which you have repeated) and other anti-abortion groups that she was in favor of the extermination of any particular race. They openly disagree with her eugenicist ideas.  Planned Parenthood denies a lot of things. Actually, they deny that she was a racist, anti-semite, and that she was a eugenicist, period.    Margaret Sanger was not a racist, an anti-Semite, or a eugenicist.  here   You can say anything you like. However, as this is a debate, it's expected that you make an argument based on logic or fact to support your statements.  It certainly is true. I can just as much call Planned Parenthood Al-Quaida as you call ALL Hamas.    As I expected. Your definition of credibility is absurd and precludes any opposition to your position.  Mizmax, it is absolutely essential you know the context of the written material. Are we to simply accept Mein Kamph as fact? No, we look at the context- in this case, an anti-Semitic Nazi wrote it. Are we simply supposed to accept everything CNN says as fact? No, we know that CNN is liberal, so we can't always trust them.    If you read the letter you will find that he states that he is Catholic. As for "valid", I suppose to you that means "agrees with Parcum", in which case he probably isn't.  So? Margaret Sanger was a "Catholic". Ted Kennedy is "Catholic". However, both of them excommunicated themselves from the Church, and neither of them truly accept church teachings.    Parcum, for the sake of your credibility on these forums, and to save me the frustration of having to continue this non-debate, I would like to refer you to a post I placed on the General forum, about Debating. I think you are having trouble understanding what a debate is, what an "argument" is (in the debating sense), etc. Please read that post.  Mizmax, I don't need any of your recommendations. So far, your thesis has been based entirely on other person's opinions, personal attacks, insults, and ridiculousness. It extremely difficult to respond to your post because I try so hard to make everything very clear, but only on rare occasions do you understand. It's humorous that you post things that clearly are biased and expect me to accept them as fact. I continue to ask for sources, you give them to me. I ask for links, and with time you give them to me. I discover your quotes come from biased authors, and you attack me and defend the sources, such as "Catholic Ministries", which is an anti-Catholic organization dedicated to "Saving" Catholics, and "Jewish Christians", which is a Protestant-Jewish anti-Catholic website. You expect me to take these sources seriously? I hope you don't. Obviously, you've been having difficulty finding sources to support your theses. If I may, I recommend you discover your thesis, research on it, and find your own answers before beginning to debate it, let alone act on it and tell others it is the truth, when clearly it isn't.  And thus I conclude this argument; Abortion is the killing (By definition) of an innocent (by definition), human being (by science), and therefore it is morally wrong to kill it. Abortion is homicide, murder, et cetera, infinitum, saecula, saeculorum. You can never tell somebody that their not a human because they don't seem like one. You can never trick a woman into murdering somebody. Abortion is not only a disgrace to America, but a disgrace to humanity.
 Actually, that's completely false. Another red herring.  Okay, I admit that was incorrect, but that isn't a red herring... do you know what a red herring is?   First, as I said, you merely quoted the author's opinion, making the quote completely useless as a support to any argument. Second, by "unbiased" I can only assume you mean "Catholic anti-abortionist who agrees with me", as these are the only sources you'll accept.  No, I mean unbiased as in it supports YOUR belief. Margaret Sanger: Father of Modern Society? Without laughing, say that a pro-lifer and anti-Margaret Sanger person would write that as a title.   You are not critiquing the organization on their politics, you are just fishing for something to discredit them with. If they completely put Sanger down and hated her, it would make no difference whatsoever to you, and your exploitation of this sensationalist caricature of her.  Of course not. I hate Planned Parenthood because they kill 4000 innocent people in America every day, and only part of it is that they support a racist woman, except they deny she's racist!   Beginning in 1939, DuBois also served on the advisory council for Sanger's "Negro Project," which was a "unique experiment in race-building and humanitarian service to a race subjected to discrimination, hardship, and segregation" (Chesler, 1992). The Negro Project served African-Americans in the rural South. Other leaders of the African-American community who were involved in the project included Mary McLeod Bethune, founder of the National Council of Negro Women, and Adam Clayton Powell Jr., pastor of the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem. The Negro Project was also endorsed by prominent white Americans who were involved in social justice efforts at this time, including Eleanor Roosevelt, the most visible and compassionate supporter of racial equality in her era; and the medical philanthropists, Albert and Mary Lasker, whose financial support made the project possible - Planned Parenthood   (the insinuation in your opinion here being that Sanger was a racist eugenicist. You still haven't proven it.)  Ummm... yes I did. I showed you quotes from the Birth Control Review, from the Negro Project, et cetera. Now you're switching sides, just a little while ago you said that Margaret Sanger was a racist, now you're saying she isn't. ??  Margaret Sanger, who passionately believed in a woman's right to control her body, never "promoted" abortion because it was illegal and dangerous throughout her lifetime.  Planned Parenthood claims that Margaret Sanger supported abortion, but didn't promote it because it was dangerous. Either way, my argument was correct; Margaret Sanger did support abortion.  No, that was an incorrect statement of mine. Planned Parenthood does believe the fetus is human, but don't believe it's a person. That's false, as the fetus is a person from it's own growth. Personality doesn't involve thinking always.   Planned Parenthood has priest make quotes about abortion not being a sin  Read what I said about Margaret Sanger supporting Fairchild's book,  The Melting Pot Mistake, which said Jews were "diluting" the American population, and in his other book  Race and Nationality, he blamed the Jews for their own holocaust... hmm... nice person to ally with .  And to stop confusion, the American Birth Control League was Planned Parenthood before World War II. The name was changed.   You still haven't answered the question of why ALL would continue to spread this hypothesis that has been found without basis by leading Cancer organizations.  ... because they're against abortion, perhaps?   Breast cancer could be caused by crossing your eyes too much. That's not a lie either. However, it would be misleading, unethical and dangerous if someone went about presenting themselves as an authority saying "crossing your eyes could cause breast cancer".  The scientific support that abortion is the cause of breast cancer is much greater than your theory of "crossing your eyes".    Why would you support an organization which spreads information that they/you know is false?  Well, it hasn't been proven false. Once it has been proven false, I doubt ALL will continue to use it. IF they do, I don't know where I'll stand.   I see. Would you also "assure me" that everyone is out to get you? Are you going to start seeing Scary Mary serpents like rapture?  I'm assuming this is not linked to this debate and is simply a red herring.   You won't accept a source that isn't Catholic, and "truly accepts" church teachings, and agrees with you and ALL but you want to debate whether Sanger (who was very much targeted as an "enemy" by the RCC), the "founder" of PP (who the RCC hates) was actually a bad person.  I'll accept a source from a non-biased person. I will not accept for source from a biased person. Your statements just confuse the issue.
Here's support for the abortion - breast cancer link.  This site has links to five medical organizations which recognize the link between abortion and breast cancer, an explantion for what causes the link, as well as the number of studies in support of the link, and the number which don't support it.  http://www.abortionbreastcancer.com/  edited to add this article(from abortionbreastcancer.com) :  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- MATTERS OF LIFE AND DEATH Abortion doctor caves in lawsuit Settlement given to patient for not warning about breast-cancer risk  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Posted: October 23, 2003 1:00 a.m. Eastern   By Diana Lynne © 2003 WorldNetDaily.com   A Pennsylvania woman has won a landmark victory in her malpractice suit against an abortion provider and a New Jersey women's center, which anti-abortion advocates hail as a triumph in their efforts to expose a decades-old medical cover-up.   On the eve of trial last Friday, Dr. Charles Benjamin and the Cherry Hill Women's Center in Cherry Hill, N.J., agreed to settle claims it violated parental-consent law and failed to inform its then-17-year-old patient about the emotional and physical risks of abortion - including increased risk of breast cancer.   When the plaintiff, who goes by the fictitious name of "Sarah," got pregnant at the age of 16, her high-school guidance counselor facilitated her second-trimester abortion at the New Jersey clinic across the Delaware River without her parents' knowledge. New Jersey was chosen because it has no parental-consent laws regarding abortions for minors. The girl's home state of Pennsylvania, however, requires the consent of at least one parent.   Sarah's parents successfully sued the high school in a separate lawsuit for violating their 14th Amendment rights to raise their child without interference by the public school.   While the New Jersey clinic and provider cannot be criminally prosecuted for violating Pennsylvania law, they can be taken to task in the civil arena. This lawsuit makes it possible for the abortion providers to be sued for battery.   "This case establishes abortion clinics can't escape civil penalties by aborting for kids from other states when they know the state where they come from has parental-consent statute," Sarah's attorney Joseph P. Stanton told WorldNetDaily.   Abortion clinics in no-consent states like New Jersey and Illinois are known "dumping grounds" for abortions by out-of-state minors, say anti-abortion advocates. According to Stanton's statistics, an average of 43 women from Pennsylvania travel to New Jersey every month to have abortions. Ten of those are teens, some as young as 12.   Stanton said one New Jersey clinic routinely promotes its "no parental consent" services in advertising to minors in Pennsylvania.   Sarah is said to have suffered tremendously since having her abortion. Attorney Susan Marie Gertz, executive director of the Women's Injury Network, the national charity that covered Sarah's case expenses, reports she was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress syndrome following the abortion.   Gertz applauded the undisclosed settlement, which was based on Sarah's need for medical monitoring for early detection of breast cancer. Doctors estimated that cost to be $2,500 annually. The settlement also includes funding to cover future psychological counseling.   "Abortion malpractice lawsuits help expose the deceptive practices of the abortion industry and hold doctors legally and financially accountable to the women they've harmed," Gertz said in a statement.   Opened in 1978, the Cherry Hill Women's Center bills itself as "a safe place to make an important decision." According to its website, a specialized group of medical care providers help make the center "one of New Jersey's leading ambulatory surgical centers for women's health."   A call for comment from the center's administrator was not returned, and Benjamin was unavailable.   Proponents of the abortion-breast cancer link, known as the ABC link, also cheered the settlement, the first associated with the ABC link recorded in the U.S. Two others have been reached in Australia.   "This settlement will teach the medical establishment that it can no longer profit by keeping women in the dark about the breast cancer risk," said Karen Malec, president of the Coalition on Abortion/Breast Cancer.   Malec and others call the ABC link "the elephant in medicine's parlor." While medical experts privately admit abortion is one cause of breast cancer, the volatility of the issue prevents them from publicly acknowledging it.   'ABC link'   WorldNetDaily has reported breast cancer is linked to reproductive hormones, particularly estrogen. Although science has yet to define specifically what causes breast cancer, it is uncontested - even among abortion providers - that the sooner a woman has her first child, the lower her risk of developing breast cancer. This is called the "protective" effect.   According to Dr. Joel Brind, president of the Breast Cancer Prevention Institute and a leading ABC-link researcher, a woman's estrogen level increases hundreds of times above normal upon conceiving - and one of the first physical changes to the pregnant woman's body occurs in the breasts. That hormone surge leads to the growth of "undifferentiated" cells in the breast as the body prepares to produce milk for the coming baby. Undifferentiated cells are vulnerable to the effects of carcinogens, which can give rise to cancerous tumors later in life.   In the final weeks of a full-term pregnancy, those cells are "terminally differentiated" through a still largely unknown process and are ready to produce milk. Differentiated cells are not vulnerable to carcinogens. However, should a pregnancy be terminated prior to cell differentiation, the woman is left with abnormally high numbers of undifferentiated cells, therefore increasing her risk of developing breast cancer.   Since 1957, 29 out of 39 published studies on the subject worldwide and 13 out of 16 studies in the United States show a positive association between induced abortion and breast cancer. Seventeen of the 29 are statistically significant, which means there's a 95 percent certainty that the association is not by chance. Seven of these 17 report more than a two-fold risk increase.   Five medical organizations recognize a link between abortion and breast cancer. They include the National Physicians Center for Family Resources, the Catholic Medical Association, the American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the Breast Cancer Prevention Institute and The Polycarp Research Institute.   Groups such as Planned Parenthood attack the validity of Brind's and other researchers' studies and refuse to inform prospective abortion recipients of the existence, dismissing even the statistically significant findings as "misinformation" being used "as a weapon in the campaign against safe, legal abortion."   "Undaunted by the absence of compelling evidence associating induced abortion with a woman's risk of developing breast cancer, anti-choice extremists insist on making the connection anyway," says Planned Parenthood on its website.   Informed consent   To combat the denial and protect women, Minnesota and Texas state legislators passed informed-consent legislation earlier this year, which requires abortion providers to tell prospective patients about the risk. Massachusetts is considering similar legislation.   Linda Rosenthal, an attorney with the Center for Reproductive Law and Policy in New York, petitioned to participate as a lawyer in Sarah's case on the side of Benjamin and the clinic. CRLP is a national public interest law firm devoted to protecting the "constitutional rights" of women seeking abortions.   "It's disturbing to have [Rosenthal] declaring women are not entitled to [risk] information. To me, being fully informed is a part of your reproductive rights," said Stanton. "It's disappointing they're willing to sacrifice women's lives because they're beholden to the abortion industry."   "It's common sense," adds Malec. "Doctors should be erring on the side of caution and should be telling patients 'Yes, there is research going back 46 years that supports an abortion-breast cancer link.' That's the minimum owed to women."   Previous articles:   Study: Tell women about abortion-breast cancer link   Judge rules in favor of abortion clinic   Abortion-cancer link goes on trial      --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Diana Lynne is a news editor for WorldNetDaily.com.
Clarification- the organizations cited are anti-abortion lobbying associations, not "medical organizations".  The Breast Cancer Prevention Institute, which despite it's professional-sounding moniker, only seems to focus on on possible breast cancer avoidance strategy- anti-abortion. All of their fact sheets are related to abortion, all their resources are about abortion, including booklets and brochures, videos, etc. Clearly this is an organization with a single agenda.  Same for the "Polycarp Institute", whose only medical subjects covered were "Breast Cancer & Abortion, Breast Cancer & Oral Contraceptives,  Postfertilization Effect of Emergency Contraception, Postfertilization Effect of Oral Contraceptives".  National Physicians Center for Family Resources, the Catholic Medical Association, the American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians and Gynecologists, are all right-wing, anti-abortion organizations.  Also, the 'news source' for the article you posted, you should clarify, has a clear anti-abortion bias. WorldNetDaily.com a right-wing Christian news board, also offers such news items as "SPECIAL OFFER: When will Jesus return? Plug into ultimate prophecy."  "No matter how biased someone is, you have to contend with the source itself. " - Mizmaxx  I understand that the biases of these organizations are important... but as you said to Parcum, that is no reason to discredit the breast cancer - abortion link. As well, the bias can go both ways. However, I understand that you have also argued against the surveys themselves with the Breast Cancer Action, Newsletter #71-May/June 2002.  There are three main arguments in that newsletter: First, that the case-control studies are affected by reporting bias, second - that the largest cohort study found no correlation, and third - the meta-analysis which found a correllation was done by a biased individual.  The third argument is refuted by your own statements to Parcum: "First, because no one has no bias. Second, ... you are saying that no matter how accurate a source may be, you will not accept it if the person quoting the source is, in your estimation, biased. This is of course an ad hominem logical fallacy. No matter how biased someone is, you have to contend with the source itself. "  I hold that Brind's analysis is not disproved because of his bias. However, it is also noted that he dismissed reporting bias in his study, also that the other two analyses did not find a corellation. This leads me to the first arguement - that reporting bias affects the outcome of case-control studies.   WHAT IS RECALL BIAS?  The first kind of bias is called recall bias or reporting bias. It pertains to the bias that a patient allegedly has when answering the following question, "Did you ever have an induced abortion?" Some scientists have theorized that breast cancer patients are more likely to honestly report any abortions that they might have had than healthy women are (i.e. a bias between breast cancer patients and healthy women). This theory has been offered as an explanation for the studies linking abortion with breast cancer. If this phenomenon exists, then the findings in those studies reporting an increased risk of breast cancer among women having an abortion history -- as opposed to a decreased risk among women without an abortion history -- would not be authentic.   If this hypothesis is true, then any epidemiological study relying on retrospective data, as opposed to prospective data could be faulty. Retrospective data are obtained through interviews and/or questionnaires by looking back at women's reproductive history. On the other hand, prospective data are obtained through the use of medical records recorded when an abortion takes place.   It has been argued that if there was such a phenomenon as recall bias, then many thousands of epidemiological studies examining the relationship between a disease and any controversial risk factor could be called into question. [1, p. 63] For example, studies examining any one of the following risk factors would be problematical: 1) the link between cervical cancer and the number of sexual partners a woman has had; 2) the link between liver cancer and alcoholism; and 3) the link between AIDS and the number of homosexual partners a man has had.   RESEARCHERS FIND NO EVIDENCE OF RECALL BIAS  Dr. Brind Claims Swedish Researchers Covered-Up ABC Link   Recall bias, however, has not been shown to exist by any researchers in abortion-breast cancer research. In the only study claiming to find direct evidence of it, Dr. Olaf Meirik found himself in the preposterous position of having to explain why seven breast cancer patients reported they'd had abortions which the computer said they'd never had. In other words, 27% (7 out of 26) of the patients in this group (the group which said they had had any abortions) allegedly lied and overreported their abortion histories, an assertion which is difficult to believe. The study was funded by Family Health International. Its authors hypothesized that, "...a woman who had recently been given a diagnosis of a malignant disease, contemplating causes of her illness, would remember and report an induced abortion more consistently than would a healthy control." [1, p. 1003]   Dr. Chris Kahlenborn, who authored the book, Breast Cancer, Its Link to Abortion and the Birth Control Pill, criticized the Meirik hypothesis. He asked, "Why was this the working hypothesis instead of its direct  counterpart?" He suggested a more appropriate hypothesis and argued, "....why did these authors not originally hypothesize that a woman who has breast cancer might be less candid about her recall of abortion? After all, 'denial' is one of the first reactions that patients have. When a woman is told that she has breast cancer it is not uncommon to deny to herself that she really has it. It would seem just as logical to think that such women would be more likely to deny factors that may have contributed to the breast cancer such as abortion and/or early oral contraceptive use." [2, p. 62, emphasis original]  Dr. Joel Brind's team was also highly critical of the Meirik group's  claim of overreporting. In a letter published in 1998 in the Journal of  Epidemiology and Community Health, Brind identified serious errors in  Meirik's study, and proved that that group had covered-up an abortion-breast cancer link in Norwegian women. [3] To read Dr. Brind's commentary about the recall bias hypothesis, see his lecture on our "ABC Link" page.  No Direct Evidence of Recall Bias Among Greek Women   Others tested for reporting bias and found no direct evidence of it. [4, 5, 6, 7, 8] Lipworth's group addressed recall bias among Greek women by completing a literature review. They determined that even before legalization of abortion in Greece there was no social stigma against it, and it was practiced extensively. Lipworth's team theorized that a control group of healthy Greek women would be more likely to be honest about their reproductive histories. The team reported a 51% increased risk of breast cancer among Greek women. [4]  Janet Daling's Studies Report Lack of Response Bias  Janet Daling tested for recall bias in her 1994 study, the only published study specifically commissioned by the National Cancer Institute. She found an overall 50% increased breast cancer risk among women who reported having had an abortion. Daling completed a separate study to test for recall bias in the study population. She chose another disease which was known not to be linked to induced abortion -- cervical cancer. She hypothesized that, if recall bias existed, then patients with cervical cancer would be more likely to report having had an abortion than healthy controls; and an apparent elevation in risk would result. If, however, recall bias does not exist in the study population, then an elevation in risk would not appear.  Using the methods that were employed in the breast cancer study to  identify subjects in the same geographic area, Daling's results reported no elevation in risk of cervical cancer from induced abortion. Therefore, she concluded that her methods were not influenced by recall bias. [5]  The Daling group conducted another test for response bias in a study  reported in the American Journal of Epidemiology in 2000. Researchers collected birth records in Washington. The records contained reproductive histories furnished by the mothers at the time of the most recent childbirth, and these were compared to the reproductive histories reported by the subjects during the study interview.   Daling showed that both patients (cases) and healthy women (controls) were underreporting their histories of induced abortion at the birth of their last child. Slightly less than 60% of the subjects in both groups, who said at the time of their interviews that they'd had an abortion, had also reported the abortion at the birth of their last child. More importantly, Daling demonstrated that there was no difference in underreporting level between cases and controls at study interview. She reported that 14.0% of the cases and 14.9% of the controls said during their interviews that they had not had abortions, which they had reported at the birth of their children. No difference in the level of underreporting means that there was no response bias between breast cancer patients and controls.   Daling said that her findings are compatible with the findings reported  in two other studies examining reporting bias. [7,8]  PROSPECTIVE STUDY REPORTS INCREASED RISK  A prospective study (i.e. a study in which even the possibility of response bias is non-existent) completed by Howe in 1988 relying on fetal death certificates filed in New York State at the time of abortion reported a statistically significant increased risk of 90%. [9]   REFERENCES  [1] Lindefors-Harris BM, Eklund G, et al., Response bias in a case-control study: analysis utilizing comparative data concerning legal abortions from two independent Swedish studies. Am J Epidemiol. 1991; 134: 1003-1008.  [2] Chris Kahlenborn, M.D., Breast Cancer: Its Link to Abortion and the Birth Control Pill, One More Soul, 2000, p. 62.  [3] Brind et al, J Epidemiol Community Health, 1998, 52:209-11.  [4] Lipworth L, Katsouyanni K, Ekborn A, Michels KB, Trichopoulos D, Abortion and the risk of breast cancer: a case-control study in Greece, Int J Cancer, 1995: 61:181-4.  [5] Janet R. Daling et al., Risk of Breast Cancer Among Young Women: Relationship to Induced Abortion, 86 Journal of the National Cancer Institute; (1994);1584.  [6] Tang et al, Case-control differences in the reliability of reporting a  history of induced abortion, Am J Epidemiol, 2000, 151:1139-43.  [7] Holt et al, American Journal of Public Health, 1989, 79:1234-8.  [8] Werler et al, American Journal of Epidemiology, 1989, 129:415-21.  [9] Howe et al., International Journal of Epidemiology, 1989, 18:300-4.   www.abortionbreastcancer.com (recall bias link in Bias section)   Finally, the second arguement - that the Danish cohort study is the most reliable study and it showed no corellation:   Abortion - Breast Cancer Connection   Issued May 11,2001 PRESS CONTACT: National Physicians Center for Family Resources (NPC) Evelyn Johnson, 205-870-0234  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------   ... Despite consistent research findings documenting that induced abortion is a risk factor for breast cancer, proponents of abortion continue to label studies investigating the ABC Link with terms such as inconclusive, not definitive, inconsistent, or unduly alarming.   These apparent attempts to assure women and girls that induced abortion poses no real breast cancer risk are based largely on a 1997study completed in Denmark. The Danish Study included an impressively large population. However, serious methodological flaws make the study's conclusions questionable.[viii]  The study claimed that elective abortion was legalized in Denmark in 1973-when in fact, it had been legalized in 1939.  Consequently, 60,000 of the oldest post-abortive women in the study were misclassified as not having had an abortion.  Although abortions in the Danish population were included only since 1973, breast cancer diagnoses recorded as far back as 1968 were included. This means the measurement of the outcome (breast cancer) preceded the measurement of the exposure (abortion) for many women in the study. This is a fundamental violation of proper scientific procedure (and guaranteed to lower the calculated relative risk).  In addition, approximately one-fourth of the women in the study were under age 25 at the end of the study. These women-all born between 1968 and 1978-had some 40,000 abortions, but only accounted for 8 cases of breast cancer. They should not have been included in the study at all since breast cancer generally does not develop until later in life. Regardless of these facts, a New England Journal of Medicine editorial remarking on the Danish study concluded that, "a woman need not worry about the risk of breast cancer when facing the difficult decision of whether to terminate a pregnancy."[ix]  http://www.physicianscenter.org/positions_abortion.asp
Come on. In this case, your argument was the reputation of these organizations. You were not quoting their statements, just their names, as argument, "five medical organizations which recognize the link between abortion and breast cancer". That makes the source the essence of your argument, and open to attack. Very different from attacking a source instead of an argument.   Whoops, sorry about that!  Um, unless they themselves are doing the study.   You're saying that a biased person's study is invalid? No, you must not be, since you also said this:   -Bob says Marge is having an affair. He says he followed Herb's car Thursday night to the Motel 8, where they rented room 27, and ordered room service champagne and condoms.  Well, now, in this case Marge has a problem. Bob is unquestionably a lunatic, but that doesn't matter. She has to explain where she was Thursday night, why the guy at the Motel 8 knows her as "Mrs Herb Blatchett", and why her credit card is billed that night for room service "Champagne $40.77, Condoms $6.50". Her saying "look, Bob's a lunatic, he's on medication and he hates me" are ad hominem at this point. Bob could have no grasp of reality whatsoever, but the evidence can be explored on it's own.  The study, not the person should be investigated then.  Your arguement, then, relies on the Denmark cohort study. I showed arguements against it which I thought conclusive. But you have challenged the validity of those arguements...  The largest and most valid study of the alleged link between breast cancer and induced abortion concluded that induced abortion has no overall effect on the risk of breast cancer. The Melbye study, reported in 1997, is considered the most accurate and informative study to date because of its particularly sound methodology: it involved a very large study group and was free from reporting bias. The study relied on data about all women born in Denmark over several decades, which was collected from Denmark's National Registry of Induced Abortions and the Danish Cancer Registry. It found a relative risk of 1.0.  (Mads Melbye et al., Induced Abortion and the Risk of Breast Cancer, 336 New England Journal of Medicine 81 (January 9, 1997). Julie R. Palmer et al., Induced and Spontaneous Abortion in Relation to Risk of Breast Cancer (United States), 8 Cancer Causes & Control 841 (1997).)  ...  That's because the Brind's critiques of the study were found to be without merit.  "Anti-abortionist Dr. Joel Brind accused the study authors of making gross errors in their research design. In response the authors said, "We find [Brind's] argument self-contradictory and based on fundamental misconceptions about the cohort design." (New England Journal of Medicine, June 19, 1997). Although the authors corrected Brind's specific misunderstandings, their rebuke failed to modify Brind's behavior-he continues to propagate the same criticisms to his exclusive audience, the anti-abortion movement."  That's an opinion of the authors of the study. They, of course, are biased. There is no reason or arguement that Brind is wrong, it is an opinion. So, the critisism of the study remains valid:  The study claimed that elective abortion was legalized in Denmark in 1973-when in fact, it had been legalized in 1939. Consequently, 60,000 of the oldest post-abortive women in the study were misclassified as not having had an abortion. Although abortions in the Danish population were included only since 1973, breast cancer diagnoses recorded as far back as 1968 were included. This means the measurement of the outcome (breast cancer) preceded the measurement of the exposure (abortion) for many women in the study. This is a fundamental violation of proper scientific procedure (and guaranteed to lower the calculated relative risk). In addition, approximately one-fourth of the women in the study were under age 25 at the end of the study. These women-all born between 1968 and 1978-had some 40,000 abortions, but only accounted for 8 cases of breast cancer. They should not have been included in the study at all since breast cancer generally does not develop until later in life.  (Brind J, Chinchilli VM.Induced abortion and the risk of breast cancer. New England Journal of Medicine. 1997; 336:1834.)   As to the increase of risk, it is generally accepted that pregnancy has an overall protective effect on breast cancer...  http://www.nci.nih.gov/cancerinfo/ere-workshop-report http://www.biomedcentral.com/news/20011019/03/ http://pregnancy.about.com/library/weekly/aa100800a.htm
You do realize what a silly arument this is, don't you? That there is a lsight chance that the woman will be more likely to contract breast cancer if she has an abortion. you realize first of all, that she may be thinking about much more imminent health risks? Then you have to realize that a slight risk of cancer is not her biggest concern. Then, you have to realize that of all the things in the world that might give someone cancer, having an abortion is probably the least of her worries?  There are many risks to having an abortion- sterility and even death might result, but just like cancer, the odds of any of these are very low. There's probably about the same amount of risk in walking down any busy street and inhaling the fumes from passing cars.  But on the other hand, if she carries out the pregnancy, she is way more likely to develop other conditions, like osteoperosis.  I didn't mean to argue against abortion on the basis that it causes cancer, although I realize that it must seem that way. I saw that Mizmaxx was arguing with Parcum about it, and decided to join in, since I had just read an article about it.  My arguement is that abortion is morally wrong - unless the woman's life is at stake. I beleieve that the unborn child is a human being and has the right to life, just like us.   Also, I beleive in informed choice. The woman deserves to know if there are risks involved. Otherwise, its not really pro-choice, is it?
I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life! I'm with you.  I think that even those who are pro choice are also pro life. I doubt you will find one who is pro death. If pro-choice means phisically killing a living being, then it's not pro-life. If your ideology causes death and killing for the sake of pro-choice, then you really are pro-death.  Suppose that if the entire wold would accept the idea of pro-choice and allows abortions, even FORCES abortions, then in some time population will shrink, and people will just die out. Unless they come back to sences and repent and stop abortion. So on the global scale pro-choice is pro-death.
So where do you draw the line, oh person-who-feels-they-can-define-what-no-one-else-can? Is sperm a person? Is an ovum? Every 28 days I get rid of a potential child, am I a murderer for that? Should I please god and get pregnant very time I ovulate? Should I then have started at eleven years old? This is a nonsence. Ok, you flush the ovum in the toilet - do you kill a child? NO!!! Because if you put it in a jar it will NOT become a baby in 9 months, whatever chemistry you put in the jar. It's just baby talk.  Anyway, no one is saying that a zygote or an embryo is a "nonentity". But until it can live independently of the mother's body, it is a part of her body.  It's attached to the Body and it's life is supported by the Body, but it's not a part of the body. It is quite independant even inside the womb. How can you have a Rhesus factor conflict with something that's a part of your body???  I've yet to meet a person who has had an abortion who did not find the experience traumatic and had to grieve the loss. It is a terrible thing. Attacking people who go through that tragedy is cruel and misplaced. It's not attacking people. It's attacking the idea, the concept, the worldview.  I would not attack such a person EVER, because I DO know that they go through pain and guilt that follows them forever. Yeah, a teenage girl made a mistake, and wasn't ready to be a parent (and even more so her teenage boyfriend). This is still wrong, but I take it as their mistake, and I do know this girl will never forget this. I have pity, sympathy and compassion for this girl, and sure for the unborn baby as well. But some people who do abortions (I mean women, not doctors) do it on a regular basis, like brushing teeth or something, and they totally believe it's okay. Well this I can't accept, and in such case I don't have sympathy. I actually feel that such person is a murdeder and deserves punishment.
The truth is, the law still stands that it is legal for a woman to choose, another truth is that the God you mention has repeatedly warned you against judging others.   You are wrong and you don't know what you are talking about. We don't condemn people, and we don't have to judge in a way a court judge says that a person is guilty, because true, we are all guilty in some ways, but we can make judgments. We as christians know moral Right and Wrong, and we can judge what is morally right and what is morally wrong.  I believe that stealing is wrong. Do I judge the guy who steals? No, It's a job of the court judge. Do I send him to hell? No, That's God's job. I just say that what he did was wrong.  Does it make sence?
Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood:  "The most merciful thing that the large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it." -- Women and the New Race (New York: Brentano's, 1920)   "We do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population." -- Linda Gordon, Woman's Body, Woman's Right: Social History of Birth Control in America (New York, Grossman Publishers, 1976) p. 333.  Sanger considered Blacks, Hispanics, and others to be "human weeds" and "a menace to civilization".   Sanger herself proposed that dysgenic groups (those with "bad genes") be given their choice of sterilization or lifelong segregation (work camps). Margaret Sanger, Plan for Peace, Birth Control Review (April 1932), p. 107.    -notice that these quotes are sited and are very simple to look up if you don't believe me. If you read these quotes and still disagree with Sanger being racist and a eugenicist then I have a real problem with your credibility in these debates.
I'm fifteen too, yet I share a completely different view of abortion. I think it's due to how we were brought up. I'm Jewish, and Judaism tells us that a baby isn't really a baby until the second that it's born and is breathing. I'm told that Christianity believes that a child become a child as soon as conception occurs.   The fact that you won't hear what other's have to say about abortion is scary. You're closing your mind and becoming ignorant. You might want to try opening up your mind a little before you decide. We're both fifteen and have awhile to decide what believe in. I think it's great that you're so passionate about what you believe in, but don't close your mind up so tight that you can't listen to what other's have to say.  As a teacher, I am very encouraged to see 15 year olds interested in something more serious than the latest video game! I completely agree that an open mind is the wisest course to take in life. One should also be open minded with respect to one's religion as well, and I would think hard about the view that life begins right at conception, but I would think much, much harder about the view that a baby is not really a baby until it is born and breathing. Does this make sense to you?
hey numbskull.  Knock it off, we all make "speling" mistakes! emoticon_smile You are being arrogant here! You go around and accuse others of being arroagant and here you are! The others are just as entitled to their views as you are and hence, should not be called "arrogant" for illustrating them. You are the arrogant one here for not listening and hearing them out correctly.  I personally believe that abortion is wrong. In my  opinion you are as good as a child killer. That may sound hard, but that is what I believe. You never know, one of those babies that was aborted may have been the person to kill cancer or to advance knowledge, etc. I guess my point is that you are ending a child's life, as soon as it is concieved, than it has the potential for life and will become a human. The best way to aviod abortions is to have no sex before marriage, but if you are a horny little bugger than make sure that the women is taking those pills. I hear that they are something like 99% effective, as opposed to the condom which is only something like 75% effective in stopping a sperm and the egg getting together. But no sex before marriage appears to be smarter. emoticon_xgood   It appears to me that many of those who support abortion are those who are evolutionists or atheists and thus do not truely know "morals and ethics" so it would be very hard to change their views. As a Christian I believe that there is a standard of morality, and as such try to follow it as much as I can. But atheists do not believe (or have no real need to believe) that there is an absolute morality and that morality is relative, i.e. each person decides for themselves what they consider to be "right" and "wrong". Atheists also have no real basis for morals and ethics, and some have no real respect for life - it all stems from the view of our history, i.e. evolution.  Best wishes, astronomyfan87
To the Bootfitter and everyone else: I guess you were right about my last paragraph. Withdrawn last paragraph of previous post. Atheists may have a standard of morality, but it is not an "absolute" morality, i.e. one that came from God where He sets the rules. If we reject God, then we have no "absolutes", just relative standards of morality. I'm sorry that you misunderstood what I was saying, I didn't write it clear enough. :xbanghead   Best wishes, astronomyfan87.  Btw, do not reply in relation to pevious message in the last paragraph!
It makes perfect sense. I lie somewhere in the middle I suppose. I don't believe that a child is instantaneously a child as soon as conception occurs, but I wouldn't be able to go nine months without thinking of the potential person (if nothing goes wrong) inside me isn't really a person. When does it become a person? Aside from religion, how are we to decide when a baby is really a baby? Is it at conception or is it at some point between conception and nine months later? I've never been pregnant, so I don't know when a mother starts thinking of their child as a child. For me, the line separating a simple fetus and a child is hazy.  You are right that it is not easy to resolve the issue of when an embryo or fetus is a human. At conception, it does have all the genetic materials needed, but it lacks development. At a few weeks it has a heart beat and brain wave, but it takes a while longer before the fetus looks just like a baby. There is continuous developement with no obvious points that say decisively, "Now you are a human."  But one idea that makes me hesistate to be pro-choice is an analogy. Imagine a hunter who sees something moving behind a bush. It could be a deer, it could be a human, or it could be something else. The hunter lacks the information to know for sure what is behind the bush. What is the ethical policy for a hunter in this situation? It seems clear to me: if you are not sure it's not human, don't kill it.
Can I jump in here?     Intresting point Lady Q, and I agree somewhat. Let's tell them in love that they can't do this, that they're killing babies.....not hate. For what did Christ say, that he who hate's his brother has already killed him in his heart, and is guilty of sin? So let's be calm about this.....     The only way that I would ever agree to alow abortioni, would be if the mothers life is at stake.....and even then I wouldn't believe it would be right. (The mother would be taking the cowards way out, sacraficing her baby so that she has a larger chance of living...cowardly)    As for abortion in case of incest, I think that's rediculous. You know your not supposed to be doing that, and now you have to live with teh consequences. There's no easy way out. Tough luck.    In any other case - well, you've been saturated with using a condom and birth control for the last couple decades! If you haven't gotton the point, and you have an unplanned pregnancy, well sorry, you've made a bad decision.....live with it.
To Mizmaxx: People who do not believe in a god or your god can hold "absolute" moral standards.    People who believe in a different god (s), may have "absolute morals" if it is written in their holy book. But for those who do not believe in a god do not have "absolute morals". They do not have some "higher" supernatural being who sets the rules, who sets the absolutes. The atheist gets to choose what they believe to be right and wrong, and hence, this is moral relativity. Every person has their own levels of morality, in other words what may seem right to one person may not necessarly be right to another one. But if there is a God out there, using the God of the Bible as an example, He has set the "absolutes" via the Ten Commandments. So He has told us what is morally right and morally wrong. If there is no God, then everyone gets to choose themselves how high or low their ethics and morals are.  I think that you are missing the entire point that I was originally trying to make:  * People + Higher supernatural being who sets the rules = absolute morality. God sets the rules and morality that govern everyone. * People + No supernatural being who sets the rules = relativity morality. People set the rules of morality that govern themselves. There is no "absolute" morality that applies to everyone, hence, relative.
So if it's not human, we can kill it? But I dare say that's a different topic completely. Sorry, that was more along animal rights than abortion. Abortion is this for me: If the baby is going to endanger the mother's life as well as the baby, why endanger the baby and the mother? Sticking on the decided path, would you rather kill something you know is human, or something that you're not sure is human. It sounds a bit cruel and I didn't intend it to be that way at all. It's just that one loss would hard enough, why make it two?  The case you cite of the mother's life being endangered is an argument to keep abortion legal, and it is easy to see why. The truth though is that more than 95% of abortions have nothing to do with life or death, or things like rape or incest, but are done because the female is not married, or the father is not in her life, or she feels she is too poor, or does not want a child now, or has all the children she wants, things like that. Any discussion of abortion should recognize that these are the circumstances for the vast majority of cases.
Astronomyfan -- Consider that even your first example does not equate to absolute morality. Because you could take two different sets of people with two different supernatural beings that they each believe exist, and there is the possibility for two different standards of morality. So, which one is the 'absolute morality' of which you speak?  Good point the bootfitter! emoticon_emb  I must commend you! I didn't even pick up on my own appearent contradiction! Fine, I'll rephase it. Let us just say that we have a group of people who practice "X" religion and a group of people who practice "Y" religion. For the people of X, they believe that their god is the only god and if their book says anything about standards of morality and what they should be, those standards of morality they would consider to be absolute. Now the same thing would happen for the people of Y. In this case you would be right, the morals would be absolute for that certain group of people, but relative to eachother.  But if there is only one God, than there must only be one set of rules! I don't really want to take this to the extent of saying which God is the only true one, but I have my opinion as others have their own opinion. So to avoid any rather nasty replies we will say that this one true God is "P". Than that means that "P" has absolute authority and sets the absolutes. Even though X and Y don't believe in P they will be accountable to P when they die and will be judged according to P's absolutes and authority. No matter what others think, P will always have absolute authority and morality set in stone.  Can you get what I'm talking about? Even though people may believe in different God (s), if there is only one God (as indeed I'm convinced that there is) than there is only one set of absolute morals and rules that comes from that one true God and covers and applies to all humans, no matter what they believe - even though they may not acknowledge that. I didn't make that very clear in my original message.  Once agin, sorry about the inconvenience ! astronomyfan87.
To krissi: Not everyone is like that. We are all human, we make mistakes. It is in our nature. Just try not to be stereotypical though. Many Christians are kind and good people. Don't let a few spoil their reputation. If you want an example of a true man of God, take William Booth (the founder of the Salvation Army) for example. He took the "down and outers" (bums, drunkards, prostitutes, etc) of society into his Church, while many of the other Churches wouldn't take them. He was accepting of everyone. Another man of God is "Fighting" McKenzie. He stayed with his troops in WWI and saw many to the Kingdom of God. He risked his life for many and even went into the "storming of the enemy trench" runs with his ANZAC unit and mates. Fully trusting in God. An amazing man.   You to are also being judgemental of Christians.
Awww Poor people unwilling to adopt a child who isn't a healthy, white newborn.  There are thousands upon thousands of kids stuck in the adoption system. We don't need more in there.  Wow, that's a perfect reason right there, I'm impressed. Are you saying that the only kids adopted are white? If that's the case, you need to go outside and talk to more people, because I now a great deal of "colored" people who were adopted. "Sorry kid, the limit to the line is 100 and you're number 101 and WHITE so... sorry." It's so sickening it's beautiful. Are there bouncers that decide who gets to come into the world?
Not an option for the anti-abortionist. They consider abortion to be murder, no discussion or debate.   Well, if you know people of color who are adopted then that must mean that there is no problem with the number of children of color who can't be placed in adopted homes! emoticon_rolleyes  Lot of hate here. Geez, take a pill or something. I guess I must just be lucky them to know colored kids who are adopted, especially by white parents. Oh, aren't I the lucky one? (Sarcasm is FUN!)
I was just reading through this thread, and I wanted to point out an extremely incorrect statement.  This is a very ignorant statement in my view. Any person, whether male or female, can be born with two different bloodtypes or two different DNA types. This is called being a "chimera" which comes from the famous mythological Chimera beast which was said to have the head of a lion, body of a goat, and tail of a dragon. Here is a very good example: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2003/11/13/nivf113.xml&sSheet=/news/2003/11/13/ixhome.html  The Telegraph is as reliable a source as Fox News and the National Enquirer. I'm not saying that it 'didn't' happen, but the source is not the best for evidence.  By the way, in your eyes, what's the difference between incorrect, and extremely incorrect?
Ok, no there haven't been any in front of the Supreme Court, but come on, don't tell me you've never seen "Monty Pythons'; Meaning of Life" and the song "Every Sperm is Sacred." ?  Really.   The Catholic Church says masterbation is bad, you have to admit as to wonder exactly why?  I think Monty Python's work is satirical in nature. Most serious abortion debates, for or against, try to avoid satire as both sides consider this a serious issue.  I believe the Catholic Church's position on masturbation lies not in the physical act itself but rather in the lust that usually accompanies it. If you remember correctly lust is one of the seven deadly sins.
Freedom_Fighter, I'm well aware of Monty Python's nature of work. I believe that is what CCR1994 was referencing when he quoted mizmaxx's posting from 11-3-03. No need to shake your finger of scolding at me.   Just checking ;)   Also, what exactly would a man who masterbates be lusting after? Lust itself is not a noun, so it can't be the act itself. People tend to lust after something or someone.   According to Merriam-Webster lust is both a noun and a verb.  Main Entry: 1lust  Pronunciation: 'l&st Function: noun Etymology: Middle English, from Old English; akin to Old High German lust pleasure and perhaps to Latin lascivus wanton 1 obsolete a : PLEASURE, DELIGHT b : personal inclination : WISH 2 : usually intense or unbridled sexual desire : LASCIVIOUSNESS 3 a : an intense longing : CRAVING b : ENTHUSIASM, EAGERNESS   Main Entry: 2lust Function: intransitive verb : to have an intense desire or need : CRAVE; specifically : to have a sexual urge   Now, maybe the attempt to draw this conversation away from the religious ilk was lost somewhere. I would hazzard that many of those who oppose abortion do so due to a religious belief system.  An unfortunate fact of the abortion debate is that other arguments besides religionous beliefs get passed over. Issues like health or population considerations have plenty of legitimacy in the argument against abortion.
Also, what exactly would a man who masturbates be lusting after? Lust itself is not a noun, so it can't be the act itself. People tend to lust after something or someone.  And you don't think that people who masturbate might fantasise? Do such people exist - ones that just get waves of warm fuzzy shapless feelings - with no real attachment to any actual person? Now, maybe the attempt to draw this conversation away from the religious ilk was lost somewhere. I would hazard that many of those who oppose abortion do so due to a religious belief system. And your point is what? Are you upset that some people are taught that human life is sacred?
An unfortunate fact of the abortion debate is that other arguments besides religionous beliefs get passed over. Issues like health or population considerations have plenty of legitimacy in the argument against abortion.  What price then do you put on a life?  Besides, we already produce more food to feed everyone already.  The more industrialised a nation, the lower the birth rates. If the whole world lived at 1st/2nd world standard, nucelar families would probably follow - one, maybe two children per couple.  People aren't the 'problem' now, it's the distribution of resources.
What price then do you put on a life?  Besides, we already produce more food to feed everyone already.  The more industrialised a nation, the lower the birth rates. If the whole world lived at 1st/2nd world standard, nucelar families would probably follow - one, maybe two children per couple.  People aren't the 'problem' now, it's the distribution of resources.  I was making a point that those issues are legitimate points in the argument against abortion.
I was making a point that those issues are legitimate points in the argument against abortion.   Cool! emoticon_xagree
Your point escapes me. Doesn't this line in the movie mock the pro-life movement from the opposite perspective? And as a side note, isn't masturbation perfectly legal? Are there protests organized to change this? I'm still waiting for her to tell the world about people who masturbate, and don't 'lust' after anyone. A fantasy-less method has been invented
On topic...  This thread embodies the reasons why I left Christianity.  Common misconception. God is a vengeful God, God is a jelous God. He never told us to hate. He told us to love him. everything else stems from that. I am a christian and I don't hate liberals, I don't hate homosexuals. You went to church, remember "love the sinner hate the sin" I am a sinner I hope people will love (not hate) me but hate what i'm doing, and try to help me.   As for me you can stereotype me as a "pro-lifer" no account of bickering and malice towards my OPINION will change it. I am also not going to try and change yours.
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what "abortionist's" say is a load of ****!! I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion! I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation! Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion. I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life!  I am pro-life but I suggest toning down a bit. Do not get angry against those who perpitrate evil but evil itself. Many people are blinded, although always know on some level what they are doing is wrong. At the end of the day what you've said rashly can be misused and probably will be. Don't give them ammunition for their false steryotypes. Study and get advice from people older and wiser than you who are pro-life.    Isn't it Pro-abortionists that Inforce their Imorality on the unborn and society? If a country said 100% no to abortion do you think the IPPF wouldn't push it in anyway? They would and always have worked this way. The would aim to create a demand (weather intentionally or not) for it in that country.
Ha ha ha ha!! The anti abortion propoganda industry have really got to you haevn't they? Abortion is only legal past 24 weeks for health reasons.     And what is the medical name for this procedure? Here's something exciting for you: it's barely used, and usually used in health problem pregnancies.    Sometimes yes, but far less than in pregnancy and birth.    Yes, the lies about PASS were hilarious.  i know they're old posts, but I just hate seeing AntiAbortion lies being spurted out.  I think Parcum needs to have a rethink. You need to know more about what you are talking about. Do you think that sarcasstic people will not use your mistakes? As for bias... I think Its the pro-abortion machine that is biased. Pas like many other things is intentionally ignored because it doesn't suite the pro-abortionist agenda. Sure we all make mistakes, just don't let them us them.
This thread has a mythical ability to live. It'll be challenging the Phoenix's 500 years soon.  How disappointing that a teenage outburst has colored so many people's view of the pro-life arguement.
My dear child, before you claim that you will stop abortion in its tracks, please prove to me that you will provide a loving, supportive homes for all the unwanted childrent the future holds. Your ignorant opinions about abortion do not impress me, nor do they affect the lives of the poor women who are put in the terrible position in which abortion becomes an option. The one thing I might agree with you upon is that it is a terrible thing, life should be treasured. But not a one of you "pro-lifers" has ever given consideration to a single moment past the time of the abortion. Have you ever considered what kind of a life a child would expect to have without the love of their parents? Another thing you might consider in your time off from misinterpreting the words of the bible is the term overpopulation. In China, they have such a problem, not only do you have to be given the nod from the government to have a child, if you do so without their consent, you are required to abort! Pretty picture, huh? Grow up, for God's sake, and try and understand the world you live in, not judge it.  My favorite part about this is that you say pro-lifers dont look beyond the abortion...I would respectfully disagree with this statement. Pro-life looks beyond the abortion in the sense that once the abortion is done what are the effects on the women. Many women have problems after abortion...mainly late term. Suicide rate is also much higher. You mention that the kid might not have loving parents if he/she was born but how do you know that? Maybe the kid would have grown up to cure cancer or maybe be president. The point is, no one is sure what the child would have done or been treated like. It would be impossible to determine which child would have a good life and which wouldnt. Not only that, you have to determine what a good life is. I hope this helps!  Steve
ugh, i didnt realize there are 23 pages of posts... I will address a few more things  first off..liberal does not mean just "big government more laws" It means a person who favors an economic theory of laissez-faire and self-regulating markets and a person who favors a political philosophy of progress and reform and the protection of civil liberties. Liberal, however, is now used to mean "democrat"...a Democrat is really socially liberal and economically conservative....but who knows now :p   Also, The "pro-lifers" here need to learn something if they wish to get their message across. When you call someone an idiot or insulting people they will not listen to you. I believe many pro-lifers on here are not doing a good job with presenting their message because of this. I believe the pro-lifers are correct and do not need to resort to tactics of name-calling in order to prove a point. Use facts and reason and the answer to abortion is clear.
I agree with the last statement. I just believe that it is stupid to argue like that. It is a big issue in this country and it probably should be solved once and for all. I think a discussion should really take place that presents all the facts. It is good to talk about the issue and lay down the facts without name calling or insults.
Unfortunately, there are no facts that really back up one argument or the other. The issue of "personhood" is a human constructed one. The issue of "souls" cannot be verified by science. The issue of "value of life" is subjective and cannot be verified by science.  There is precious little in this issue that can be decided objectively, and so the debate rages.  I will respectfully disagree with this statement too. personhood is human constructed and one could argue that everything this...laws about murder for example. We have to define personhood or you could say that murder is ok because it wasnt a person. So if you don't know when personhood is, shouldn't you play it on the safe side and assume that it is a person? The issue of "value of life" I guess may not be verfiied by science...but when a life begins is...the basic belief in science is that life begins at conception.
I know this, hence my statement about personhood being a human constructed one. You are agreeing with me, not disagreeing.   I am fully aware that we can define the fetus as a "person" under the law. Murder is never ok, because it is always against the law. The definition is what changes.    We do know where personhood begins. It begins at birth. Assigning at birth is logically sound, easy to mark and practical to enforce. No other arbitrary point, including conception, is all of these things. I am going to respond to this one first and then the long one before this....  When the last thing you said...personhood should be a birth. Science says it is a conception (based on DNA and what not). Never the less, if you say at birth then that means eventhough they kid is 2 inches from being born it is not yet a person. This really makes no sense to me. I don't understand how one can say 2 inches determines a person or not. If one says "well THAT would be a person" then we have a problem again of where to draw the line and thus the "safe" argument would come back. If you don't know if it is murder....play it safe so that way you know for sure you didn't murder. One last thing...if birth is the logical sound easy way to say it is a kid why can't conception be?
As for Seen's statement  Besides from Roe vs Wade not being law no where in their conclusions do they make a claim of when life begins (section IX simple says that the 14th amendment doesn't say what a person is). We must understand that courts do not make laws. We still dont know when life begins is kind of where we are. I will correct myself by saying that genetic science thinks life begins at conception.  http://www.devbio.com/printer.php?ch=21&id=162  So then one claims that if we dont know it is a human you should still protect the womens "rights". Well One thing this country is based on is equal rights for ALL. Keep that in mind. So we don't know when a person is. We have to know when a person begins so we are sure we are not killing others. If you don't know then I could say anyone is not a person based on say...their color of skin. Since we have to define personhoob it would be in the best interest to default it at the earliest safest time until we know otherwise. If not, then you have a chance that you are killing someone which goes against the very basis of this country (that all are created equal). Ok, so it is a person, I still think the mother should be able to do what she wants with her own property aka body. This statement is false if you go by all men are created equal. If the unborn is a person they have the exact same rights as anyone else. Being attached to someone else does not change this (such as conjoined twins). So she can do what she wants to her own body as long as it does not violate the other persons rights. I don't believe a mother has special rights just because she is pregnant.  As for the donating blood thing. Our country is set up to prevent people from violating each others rights...No where does the government have a responsibility is force one to help someone else.
Someone was asking about the science of it so I gave them the science answer. If science doesn't determine who a person is then who does?  Ok, so 2 inches of the head is still inside the womb...it is not a kid because it is functioning off the women? Actually it is not at that point, in fact it could have lived on its own for a few months at that point. It has a functioning body.  http://www.gospelbillboard.com/abortion.html  So that was never a baby huh? (note: just the picture not the content of the site)  You claim they can be citizens at conception then thats fine with me although just a title. It is a person and has the rights of the rest of us (for the most part...no drinking little man). Investigations don't have to be done by the way. People forget that abortion was illegal in most states prior to 1973....you didnt see massive investigations then why would you expect them if it were banned again?  Conception is not an arbitary point by the way. It is the point when the sperm meets with the egg. Trimesters are arbitary points...these were created by judges.
Or respond with something like....  what is the law for personhood? There is none...so why do you claim it is at birth?  The umbilical cord is part of the baby and always was. A child 2 inches in the womb has all functions that he would outside the womb...0 difference and I would like to see some proof that says otherwise. What if the baby came out all the way and then the doctor put it back in for a second, would it lose personhood which you defined as when the baby is born eventhough you said it should be done by the law?  Abortions happened in MASSIVE NUMBERS before it was legal....another bad fact. Yeah not even close to the number today....This logic is the same as saying all drugs should be legal so there would not no more drug crimes....Also how many died by illegal abortions...not many, 32 in 1972 as an example.   READ THE ROE VS WADE CASE!!! Trimesters were created by judge Blackmun was the one that delivered the opinion of the Court in which he created the concept of trimesters.  Wow I cant even go on...I feel like im talking to a brick wall
AHHH but Supreme court cases are not laws are they?  While I am at a loss for the article I do believe there have been cases of the women dieing but the baby still alive inside of her....point being the baby is still inside yet not supported by the mother.  Yeah, but there are cases of that happening where the baby is put back in a little bit in order to preform a partial birth abortion.  Do you wish for me to post the whole roe vs wade case? While the word "trimester" exisited before the idea of applying it to how we know now was formed in this case. Trimester was similiar to Semester before hand. It means 3 months.  You can count the number of deaths for illegal abortions in a given year the same way we determine the number of deaths caused by cancer. And they were tracked....atleast in 1972 :p
yes i do care to site sources!! but not at 1am in the morning....thats called getting tired.  Im not sure why the trimester thing is important anymore....  I think you misunderstood me. I said deaths or the mother caused by illegal abortions. Those you can track because the mother dies and that is normally reported as most dead people are.
DNA science says so....They believe the DNA is the basis of life. So when the egg and sperm meet the DNA is formed.....also I should say personhood is life to me...so human life and personhood are the same.  Where is person defined in law by the way? Granted I am talking about US law.  That is not our fault?????? Its over now....Slavery is legal, well, not our fault. They wasnt right back in 1850 was it?  You then get into Roe vs Wade again..Which I will remind you is not law. Courts dont make laws. You are wrong in saying that is what it said. It said that an unborn is not a person as the word person is used in the 14th amendment...They never said it wasn't a person.  Why does everyone say "enslaving" women. You make it seem like they were forced to get pregnant. Her body "makes" babies!!!! You can't change that. If males had the womb same rules apply. When she had sex she did an act which creates babies. A life is made at that point and its life cannot be taken away even if the mother does not want it there. If she wishes to not make a baby, then don't have sex!! Its that easy. (dont reply to this with rape...that is different).
Congress makes laws....no one else does  Roe vs Wade is not a law...that would imply Congress made it because Congress makes laws...No where does it say abortion is legal in any law. You say the Supreme Court decides how the Constitution applies to certain cases though. This is true. But I can't find anything that says abortion is legal in the constituion or for that matter anything that mentions it. So go ahead and tell me about how privacy is in there...  I just told you what the court said dude. It says thats the constitution does not say anything about the unborn child being a person...thats a far cry from saying it is not a person. The constitution also said at one point slaves aren't people by the way.  haha, clarify what it is...this is my problem with Roe vs Wade....where does it say "right to privacy" or anything along those lines. NO WHERE. How do you clarify into privacy?  As for what you said about when life begins...I don't know what you are talking about.  HOW IS SPERM A PERSON!!! It does not have a unique DNA...wow, time to go back to biology huh.  The rest of your stuff is taken way outta context so Im not going to address it.  Show me where the LAW says a person(life) begins and then we can talk. Roe vs. Wade is not a law but feel free to site it (I have the text directly in front of me). I would rather see the law that says person is at birth. Show me that before anything else you type.
I would also like to give a friendly reminder to everyone....  Slavery was actually a real law....Did that make it right?
nope steen...someone wanted the Science answer so I gave it. Don't believe me, look it up.  The rest of your text is wrong because you don't even read what I write....you referred to the site where I clearly stated LOOK ONLY AT THE PICTURE and yet you seem to think I meant look at the whole site. Oh, and it was the picture of a dead baby.  Since you aren't a big fan of science we can look at it the law way. What LAW defines person? Also, slavery was a law back in the day...did that make it right then?
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what "abortionist's" say is a load of ****!! I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion! I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation! Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion. I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life!  i stumbled apon this... and share your veiw.. but you put it accross very accusingly... and very full of anger... and that's why people flock to you like flies to ****... because your feelings are you weakness... dont be so bias... and you will get more supporters...
Even Sigma will tell us that a court decision is by no means law....it is not a lie...COURT CASES ARE NOT LAW...Roe vs Wade is not a law. Congress makes laws...state legislatores make laws...there is a difference between a court case and a law. A court case is, in theory, based on law. By saying roe vs wade is law you are saying that judges can make laws...and this is just not true in the US. But why should I try to convince you when you dont even know what lying it. You claim I lie about something yet offer no proof to show I am lying.  You said it yourself....courts clarify laws, a far cry from making laws huh? Roe vs. Wade is not a law because the court made it, not Congress.   All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.   THAT IS WHAT OUR CONSTITUTION SAYS. So no, court cases are not laws because they are not created by Congress. A court makes determines if someone has broken a law or not...that is all.  Still waiting for the answer to my other question....when slavery was a law was it right?  Sorry, but I only go by US stuff since I live here...i dont know anything about Europe and what not
You didnt know that slavery was a law??? READ THE CONSTITUTION...then we can talk.  Also read the forum rules about insults and put downs...I am telling you this once. You can't go around calling someone a "liar" on the forums.
It says a slave is 3/5ths of a person....So my question stands...Was this right?
It said he was 3/5s of a person. That seems to be mean he was less than a full person. So the question STILL stands...Was that right?  Even if it was for the census...was that right?
I thought you said Court cases were laws though? Dred Scott case said slaves were 3/5s of a person.
4. A free negro of the African race, whose ancestors were brought to this country and sold as slaves, is not a 'citizen' within the meaning of the Constitution of the United States.   Court cases are law right? So this was right at the time?
Not only this...were the slave laws..say in VA right?  All this to point out that if slave laws aren't right then you can't say "law" makes something right. Your claim that law makes abortion right is thus invalid.
thats not what it says...it says ancestors brought here...It is referring to people that were born in the US after the ancestors where brought here.   Is this right?  As for the thing about it...I am asking do you agree with the Virginia Laws that made slavery ok?
state laws do matter.....  So you are saying that some laws and rulings by the courts have proven to be not right
So the Dred Scott decision did not MAKE any rules about slaves being 3/5th of a person. Neither did any other law.  I beg to differ. As has already been stated, the Constitution of the United States condoned the institution of slavery by only counting slaves as 3/5 of a person. Even if this was only for census purposes, it still claimed an enslaved black person was a partial person, not a complete person. Incidentally, Dred Scot v Sandford actually extended "partial-person principal" to all blacks, free or slave.  We all know that slaves weren't treated as human beings by people. But, by virtue of their ineligibility to enjoy any rights under law (complements of Dred Scot v Sandford) , the law did not recognize the slave as a person either.
so sigma, law is not a good thing to base what is right or wrong on right?  I still...everything put aside about whether abortion is right or not...that roe vs wade was a case that was beyond the courts power. i believe they kinda overstepped their power as judges....I believe that judges do not determine what someones thoughts were in writting an amendment but rather they are supposed to look at the laws already written and see if they apply to the case. In the example of Roe vs. Wade...the judges decided that the writers of the 14th amendement and other amendments were really talking about privacy and how you have that right. This was not the intent of the 14th amendment as written. Therefore the judges should have said "this is not something we can decide on because it doesnt mention it in the constitution." So to overturn it based on the fact that it was made "illegally" (for lack of better word) I believe is true aside from how I feel about abortion. For that matter there are a few other cases I feel the same way about eventhough I agree with the outcome of the case.
Do you really believe the framer of the 14th amendment would not have written it differently if it was only meant to apply in one particular situation? No, the framer might not have predicted situations in the future, but it was phrased in a way to apply more generally, not in any one particular situation. The Supreme Court interpreted it to apply in this situation as well.   I mean exactly that...like every other amendment...the 19th amendment was created so women can vote...nothign else....14th was made for slavery purposes....They have no power to assume where else is applies because that would be rewritting law as you say. To give an example of what I mean: Say we have a law that says you can't run a stop sign. If there is a court case about someone running a red light the court can't say "the law about the stop sign really applies to all forms of intersection control". There job is not to apply lies to different areas but rather to see if someone has broken an existing law. I will grant that they have not been doing this lately and that is what Scalia was complaining about. You said the framers could not know of the situations of today...this is true, and why we have Congress to make new laws and get rid of old ones to help this. We can also add amendments...The courts are not there to decide new laws but to apply them to disputes. This is because they are not elected by the way. They can't decide what something should be because we live in a society that is for elections. If you want someone to be changed you arent supposed to go to the courts but rather congress.
They wouldnt have the right to extend it to stop lights because the law says "stop signs" (obviously someone woulda made that law by then though :-p). It said "you cant run a stop sign"....There is no reason the court could extend that law to stop lights because it becomes what they believe the law should be and not what it is. Maybe congress really wanted it so you could run stop lights...who knows.....until a law is made the court can't say you can't run stop lights.
On a side note...someone ran a stop sign today and almost took off the nose of my car :)
I dont believe a judge should have the power to determine what he/she thinks is best...because if she/he is wrong you can't get rid of them!  Where in the constitution does the court have the power that you are referring to?
The constitution spells out the power of the judicial branch....you don't deny powers...you give powers to the certain branches..the constitution gave powers and nothing us.
sigma...how can we have our petty differences when they are trying to cut Amtraks funding!!!???
Powers for the Supreme Court  Section 1 - Judicial powers  The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services a Compensation which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office    the scenario you gave is a little bit different...The concept of Judicial Review is what determines this....in your case....unreasonable search and seizure amendment clearly applies. This is a far cry from taking something in the constitution that is applied to say...slavery....and using it for something else. Big difference in acting on what something says and what you think something could mean.
Wow....people wonder why I don't read through all the post on a thread....besides the fact that I'm lazy most threads end up off topic.  Something to contribute though is the website: www.abortionismurder.com   Don't look at the pictures unless you have a strong stomach, but it's the harsh realtiy of what abortion really is, that being murder. Don't get me wrong if anyone has had an abortion on this board I'm not condeming you, by all means I'm most sympathetic and wish you the best in life,but I'm simply saying I believe it is outright wrong.  Concerning Judges and their lifetime appointments......well I never really understood the reason until you pointed that out sigma, I guess political fallout would probably hold sway over some judges......hmm.....
ive seen the site....we arent too off topic...we are discussing the powers of the judges because of the Roe vs Wade case.
i thought we were talking about judges making up what stuff means...like the halo around the 14th amendment....while we are at it though Judicial review was created by the courts in Marbury vs Madison....they gave themself this power....I am not sure if I feel this is good or not but im leaning towards it being ok
I generally do not go to any sites pro-life people provide. They usually have little in the way of facts.    And this is why.    I do not. Your view has no more value than anyone elses, though certainly no less either. Except that it is not your decision to make.    That is the concept anyway.   I try to not get any FACTS from pro-life or pro-choice websites..however if one of the two has a poll or study that was done by a neutral guy I will sometimes use the site for lack of finding it elsewhere....its good to use neutral information
how do you think they got the right to privacy?? It doesn't say it anywhere in the Constitution. The judge created a sort of "halo" idea where certain amendments imply that a right to privacy exists...I don't see where you aren't geting the powers of the courts....they have judicial power...thats all. That means you take the laws on the books and see who is right and wrong...doesn't say anything about finding out what laws might mean and it doesn't say anything about judicial review (which they imlied from Marbury vs Madison). That was the power they got....No branch of our government is supposed to be able to claim powers for themselves....  As for facts from the right to life....both sides do that....planned parenthood was completely wrong on some facts and downplayed some others. Thats why I try not to look at data from those sites.
there job is not to find intent of amendments...they are to apply the laws to a dispute. If they can decide what something might have meant then end up creating new laws in a way. This is not their purpose and because they are not elected all they can do is say whether or not the law applies to a certain case.  ju·di·cial ( P ) Pronunciation Key (j-dshl) adj.  Law.  Of, relating to, or proper to courts of law or to the administration of justice: the judicial system.  Decreed by or proceeding from a court of justice: a judicial decision.  Belonging or appropriate to the office of a judge: in judicial robes.  Characterized by or expressing judgment: the judicial function of a literary critic.  Proceeding from a divine judgment.   Thats what judicial means...thus they have the power to do that.   One last thing....don't ever speculate what I do and do not do. That is insulting to me. I don't ask who you listen to or what you have done. I base what I believe on what I have found out. I actually used to be pro-abortion until I looked into some of the logic around it. In fact, you don't even know what my political view ares beyond abortion...well maybe social security.
Not replying to Sigma  I am not sure what you are talking about georged
I think you're mixed up about how our judicial system actually functions, responsibility levels of involved parties and related legislation.  how am I mixed up...I am just going by what the constitution says. I mean we got some Judicial Acts thrown in there but beyond that I don't know what else you have. Judicial Branch got judical powers...says so right there in the constitution, I don't make this stuff up. Read the post about what judge Scalia said if you have any questions about what I am saying the courts do.  by the way (and I thank georged for not doing this so not talking to you here) but name calling and things of that nature really bring down ones credibility. For one to say "you are wrong and he is right" or something like that really doesn't add to a civil debate. All I am saying is lets try and avoid that.
Over 1.3 million children were killed in America in 1997 alone and no one did anything about it. Over one million were killed last year and over one million will be killed this year. Between 1973 and 1997 more than 35 million killings of innocent children were performed, legally. Abortion has become very simple these days; it is almost as easy a putting on a pair of boots. The killing of innocent children is so prevalent that our culture has become desensitized, and we have accepted it as way of life. Abortion should not be a way of life, as it has become the sanctioned genocide of our own people. Pro-choice advocates cite the right for a woman to choose if she wants to have a baby. However, that choice ceased upon the union of the sperm and egg, a baby was formed, and that baby has the right to live. There are many methods available to avoid pregnancy and abortion is not one of those methods, it does not fall under the category of contraceptives. The act of abortion is an act of violence committed on the most defenseless of our society. Polls conducted have found that the majority of women who had abortions feared that a child would interfere with responsibilities such as school, work or other responsibilities. Some said that they couldn't afford a child. This reveals that not only are abortions criminal but most of result because the mother is too selfish to promote the life she created.
I agree but a response will come that says something to the effect of "the women can do what she wants with her body"
You kinda showed how it is selfish...how do they support THEMSELVES...THEY need to work, THEY need to make money....anything you do only for yourself is selfish. When one has sex and gets pregnant (assuming sex for their pleasure) they have done a selfish act again. Now if one wishes to be selfish thats fine as long as they do not hurt someone else....in this case they made a choice and now they want to kill someone in order for them to live their lives. That is selfishness that I don't tolerate. Why can't one take responsibilites for their actions, If I get a girl pregnant I am gonna take care of that kid until the day I die because I made that choice and I will take responsibility for what I did rather than look for the easy fix.
How many kids have you adopted? How many hours a week are you spending in the Big brother/Big Sister program? How many hours are you spending teaching kids and adults to read? How many hours are you spending with "meals on Wheels"? None? How selfish of you.   We aren't debating my life here now are we?  And of course a lot of things people do are selfish. I just said when it hurts or in the case abortion kills, for selfish reasons then it not ok.....In other words, they want to harm someone for selfish reasons...this is a far cry from helping someone for selfish reasons or having fun for selfish reasons.
And another thing, you don't know anything about me...so don't speculate about what I volunteer with.
There is no legal killing of children in the US, so your claim is nonsense.  It i great medical progress that a safe and legal medical procedure is beciming simpler, safer and even less stressful to the patient undegoing it.  here is more of that nonsense about killing children. Certainly unrelated to abortions and also unrelated to anything in society today.  Yadda. Emotional revisionist linguistic hyperbole.  Yes. A good right, the right to control your own bodily resources rather than being enslaved to rightwing theocrates.  Nope, your claim is false.  Nope, your claim is false.  Nope, your claim is false.  Some of which are less effective than others, just like there are many methods of avoiding lung cancer, some of which are less effective than others.  It doesn't prevent pregnancy, but it certainly fixes the problem of an unwanted pregnancy.  And so what?  Emotional revisionist linguistic hyperbole.  Irrelevant. It is her body on the line, she has the right to decide whether she wants to do so or not, per a guarantee from the US Supreme Court.  Emotional revisionist linguistic hyperbole. Abortions are very legal, and as such your claim of it being criminal is an outright lie, as we have come to expect from prolifers.  Ah, "selfish." Yup, just like the PL are to selfish to adopt a kid that needs a home. How many children have YOU adopted? None? Only one? Why so slefish? You are not hypocritical, are you?  Urrr..... ok Steen. emoticon_rolleyes
I'm not sure how "nope, that is false" adds value to this debate.
Thats it...im tired of people calling me an idiot or a liar on this forum...everytime someone does you get sent to the admin and I dont read anything you say. Grow up people and learn to debate respectfully.
It should go for everyone...no doubt..I try to make sure I don't say something that is a direct insult or accuses someone of doing something.
not to be rude..but are you from the United States...I didnt read the whole post but from me skimming it I thought maybe you were from Europe or something :)...I am just wondering..I will reply to your post later on today probably
on second thought...I am not going to respond to anything you said (after reading it) because I have responded to everything you said already.  I will say one I guess....It is not all about the women...there is a kid involved too with the same rights (at least in the US) as you or I
jitobear...since you bring up the rape and other extreme cases, do you only support abortion in these few cases?
see, we agree on something. While I still don't support abortion for almost all reasons, I do see some agruements for rape victims and what not...however, this would then limit abortion to first couple of weeks. Not a bad compromise
morning after pill is one type of abortion...but done pretty darn early
morning after pill is pretty much abortion...but I believe most people believe its ok
morning after pill does three things....  stops release of egg thickens cervex (spelled that wrong) so sperm cant get by if egg is already released and gets fertilized then it stops it from being implanted. Since pregnancy starts at conception this would be considered an abortion.....the PILL itself (while the same thing as the morning after bill just smaller dose) does the same things but why is it not abortion? Because it stops the egg from releasing and since you continually use it you won't have an egg release.
preg·nan·cy (prgnn-s) n.   The condition of a woman or female mammal from conception until birth; the condition of being pregnant.  The period during which a woman or female mammal is pregnant. Also called cyesis.
Dictionary.com is the best though!! It still says conception is the start :)  here is a link...i dont know the credibility of it  http://www.mydr.com.au/tools/pregnancy_info.asp
Yeah, i couldnt find a medical defintion either...you would think it would be easy to find!!! had to go to the ol' AU for answers. I guess the wisdom of Webster will stand for now hehe.
I guess you didnt read on...I listed two times where pregnancy starts.  here it is again...  preg·nan·cy (prgnn-s) n.   The condition of a woman or female mammal from conception until birth; the condition of being pregnant.  The period during which a woman or female mammal is pregnant. Also called cyesis.  Ignornant huh?
Nope, pregnancy begins at implantation. "Pregnancy" is what happens to the woman's body, and as such does not start until implantation. We are not at fault for you not knowing what pregnancy is. A pregnancy begins with conception, when a sperm from a fertile male joins with an ovum (egg) of a fertile female.   Source: Southwest Washington Medical Center   A pregnancy begins with conception, when a sperm from a fertile male joins with an ovum (egg) of a fertile female.   Source: University of Maryland Medical Center  Your pregnancy begins when one of your eggs is fertilized by a man's sperm in the fallopian tube. During the next few days, the fused egg and sperm move through the fallopian tube to the lining of the uterus. There it implants and starts to grow.   Source: Rockingham Memorial Hospital
well, now we got the medical definitions, that is cleared up pretty fast.  Therefore we can conclude the morning after bill is abortion
How can you think that a baby that isn't born yet a nonentity? yeah im only 15 and yet i know that what "abortionist's" say is a load of ****!! I feel sorry for you when i get older because im determined with all my heart to stop abortion! I believe God put me on this earth to stop you people from killing his creation! Hear my words i hate liberals and i will never change my mind about abortion. I try to love everyone but it's hard for me to love somebody who kills and innocent child.I am pro life! HOORAH! I completely agree with you except for the part where you said you "hate" liberals, lol. I don't find anything wrong with disliking, but I don't like the word hate. Other than that, stick to your ways! But actually, you must also think about what you can do for all of the children that the parents are going to reject, because if you stop abortion, someone has to take care of those children as the mother and/or father. So, if someone goes and completely shuts down abortion, part of their responsibility should be helping those children find a home ready to adopt a child. Anyway, that was totally awesome. HOORAH!
Unborn child"? Ah, like a pre-dead corpse. Ok, you are trying for revisionist linguistics and emotional imagery instead of looking at the woman as a person with a right to her own body. Hmm, no surprise there; that is how the prolifers must make their argument.  Sure, she has a right to her own body. But just because the child is an inconvenience, does that give her a right to be so selfish as to take the child's life away? The fetus is a body of its own, and that child deserves the right to make his or her own choices as well. But who has the right to snuff out one of the few innocent things left in this world, and take those other rights away from the child before he/she even knows what they are?  And how about this: If you were paralyzed and couldn't defend yourself in anyway, and were an inconvenience to your family, would you want them to kill you?
I think Linus might actually be right about something :p  I think the hate that many pro-lifers do have is not getting us anywhere. I will not say that all of us have hate but many do. Many are frustrated and mad at people that support killing a baby. I understand them getting mad however it doesn't help the cause one bit. For example (of a group not hating), there is this one group that stands in front of the supreme court with red tape on their mouth with the word LIFE. This group gets yelled at all the time by NOW and maybe other groups and they just stand there (with one person available to answer questions). This group has gained the respect of the guards at the Supreme court and many Senaters who go out there with them. So I gotta think that when someone goes up there and sees one group yelling and one group standing for a cause that the group yelling is not going to win over the outside viewers.  So pro-lifers! Listen up. Don't be mad and don't hate. If you are pro-life you respect all life and shouldn't put down people. Gain respect not hate.
Possibly. I sure as hell know I don't want any any fundies or half-wit politicians meddling with whatever my family deciedes (i.e., Terry Schiavo) Every human life has value regardless of the "burden" it might place on others. No doubt a newborn infant places a significant burden on its parents. Yet, the parents never get the right to neglect it unto death. No doubt children who are mentally impaired might place a "burden" on other people. Yet, we ought not, by virtue of a subjective definition of "burden," have authority to determine who should live and who should not.   Suppose an infant was born paralyzed from the first day it was born. This will obviously place a tremendous burden on its parents, but that fact alone does not give the parents, family, government, etc. the right to decide it should be executed. If undo burden on society was the standard, the social security debate would be solved immediately...we would simply get rid of it. Then, if the elderly are unable to sustain themselves, they would be executed because to keep them alive is to place an undo burden upon society. As soon as one starts determining the "quality of life" one person must attain to in order to be considered a person worthy of being protected, he/she has become a bigot.
No-one has a legal right over your organ and life-processes other than yourself.  I can't find law that states this to be true. Since it is a legal right can you post a law or something that shows this...even a court case would be ok. I have been looking for an hour now and I am getting kinda frustrated. emoticon_xangel
There is no desire to execute anyone. The desire is to remove the fetus from the woman's care. You can indeed remove that infant from your care in a myriad of ways. You cannot compare the case of an infant and a fetus in this sense. My comparison was not between a fetus/infant, it was between a paralyzed infant/paralyzed adult. Jitobear said the government should not intervene in personal family affairs. But I disagree with the view that a parent/sibling/child can justafiably kill someone they deem an "inconvience" or undue "burden" on them. I think if you re-read what I said, it will be clear that this was the comparison I was making.  ETA What does that mean?  I don't know if this exactly relates what you were talking about, but I did want to say something. This issue is not like social security where you could say "You technically do not have any right to the money so the gov't can take it away". You cannot say "You technically have no right to your own body so the gov't can use it or have it used as it sees fit" (well you can say it but it would show you to be fascist even more so than your pro-life philosophy currently does). Name calling is unbecoming of you... Suppose I grant that a right to own one's body actually exists. Yet we know this right is not always absolute. You obviously can be forced to serve in the military via a draft (wait, only men can be forced to do this...seems a bit unfair don't you agree?). Thus, in the case of military service, we see that the government can use one's body as it sees fit.  No-one has a legal right over your organ and life-processes other than yourself...Yet this is exactly what you wish to legislate for women, that they must provide the life-support system for another. Even granting that a right to abortion exists, it can obviously be revoked by due process (14th Amendment).  It does not matter whether the fetus is considered a 'person' legally or a human 'being' philosophically, no-one has any right to live off of another's organs and life-processes against that person's will. Just as a point of clarification, the Supreme Court, who you hold as the absolute authority on everything, disagrees with you on this point. If the fetus is considered a person, it has the constitutional right to life that must be protected. Justice Blackmun wrote, "If [the] suggestion of personhood is established, the appellant's case, of course, collapses, for the fetus' right to life would then be guaranteed specifically by the Amendment." The Supreme Court obviously believes that if the fetus is proved to be a person, it has a right to life guaranteed by the Constitution. A right so strong, that Roe's case (the case arguing for the permissability of abortion) would collapse.  Do you comprehend yet the horror that pro-choice people view your philosophy with? I understand how they have come to a different conclusion than me, but I obviously disagree with them.   This alone should give you pause, or you have no place saying you have "respect for life". There is no respect by any standard I have ever seen. Why do you feel the need to attack my personal character? It goes without saying that I have never accused you of not having a "respect for life" even though I fundamentally disagree with you. I do not debate your character; I simply disagree with your view. I don't call you a fascist; I simply disagree with your view. I don't spend all my waking hours dreaming up ways that I can opress women; I simply disagree with your view.
No, it is not. Reading it again still clearly shows you are attempting to draw a comparison between a born infant and a fetus. There is little reason to make the comparison with an infant in the way you suggest, especially in an abortion debate. No Sigma, I was not drawing a comparison between the infant and the fetus. I never said the word fetus or unborn or any other word that would apply to a fetus. But if you read it that way, I must not have been clear. So please allow me to clarify what I said.  Jitobear was asked this question And how about this: If you were paralyzed and couldn't defend yourself in anyway, and were an inconvenience to your family, would you want them to kill you?  She responded with Possibly. I sure as hell know I don't want any any fundies or half-wit politicians meddling with whatever my family deciedes (i.e., Terry Schiavo) I was trying to say that the government has full right to step in in the case of the defenseless paralyzed adult human person. Even if such a person was a tremendous burden on their family, drew tremendous resources and finances from them, they still cannot kill this person. Hence we have laws preventing them from doing so. Thus, what I was trying to say to Jitobear was that you cannot determine what quality of life a person must attain to in order to have its life protected (notice I did not make the claim that a fetus is a person, thus this claim did not apply to a fetus).  Then I gave another example that I hoped would strengthen my point: the one day old infant who was born paralyzed. I said: Suppose an infant was born paralyzed from the first day it was born. This will obviously place a tremendous burden on its parents, but that fact alone does not give the parents, family, government, etc. the right to decide it should be executed. If undo burden on society was the standard, the social security debate would be solved immediately...we would simply get rid of it. Then, if the elderly are unable to sustain themselves, they would be executed because to keep them alive is to place an undo burden upon society. As soon as one starts determining the "quality of life" one person must attain to in order to be considered a person worthy of being protected, he/she has become a bigot. In essence I was simply making the claim that a paralyzed adult or infant has the same moral standing as you or I, and thus the government must protect its rights in the same manner it protects yours or mine, i.e., it must protect it from being killed. If the one's inherent worth is outweighed by a "burden" it places on someone, then it would be permissable for the social security problem to be solved in the way I described. I sure hope this clarifies what I was saying to Jitobear. If not, I'll give it another go.  It isn't "the right to do whatever one wants with ones body" it's the desire to not have others do things to your body. Even in the military, you would not be forced to donate your organs against your will and without your consent, nor would you be forced to attach yourself to any other to support their life (as far as I know). I will assume that pregnancy constitutes a forced donation of one's organs against their will and without their consent. The U.S. Military, however, regulates abortions on military bases in the following manner: (a) Restriction on Use of Funds.- Funds available to the Department of Defense may not be used to perform abortions except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term. (b) Restriction on Use of Facilities.- No medical treatment facility or other facility of the Department of Defense may be used to perform an abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or in a case in which the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest.  Suppose a military servicewoman desires to have an abortion, but the only medical facility in which she could obtain one was in a military hospital. But, barring the cases of mother endangerment, rape, or incest, she would not be able to get an abortion. Here we see a clear example that a woman would be forced by the military (via U.S. Federal Law) to do that which you say she cannot be forced to do: "donate [her] organs against [her] will [seeing how she desires an abortion] and without her consent."  I don't believe the 14th amendment can apply in that way. Since there is no "right to abortion", only a freedom from governmental intervention, this cannot revoke that right. The Federal Gov't cannot restrict it without a Constitutional amendment. I was speaking of a Constitutional Amendment as part of a "due proces" process. Thus, I think we agree on this.  I disagree with them. If it were considered a 'person' it would muddy the legal waters, but I never would believe anyone should have the right to live attached to another against their will and without their consent. I know you disagree with them, but I was simply pointing out that the Supreme Court unanimously disagrees with your position here. I know you don't care, I just thought it would be a point of interest.  Intellectually it's just a disagreement. In reality the pro-life philosophy would ruin real lives. I don't agree here either.  Well, that's a relief. Now, if you would abandon this way of opressing women, we can actually work to making abortions rare. What do you mean by "abandon this way of opressing women?" I don't understand what you are trying to say.
Are you serious? Perhaps you can tell me where my examples are incorrect? Perhaps you can provide statutes, precedents, court cases, rationale or sense that would show otherwise?  I will look around and find relevant laws when I have the time.  No, I want a law that says someone has the right to abortion. I don't have to prove one doesn't exist as the burden of proof is on you. Now I asked a simple question so can you find me one or not?
Except in cases of common knowledge, then you must provide differently. It is common knowledge that we have the right to our organs because consent is required before they are harvested.  I have answered your question before, yet you keep asking it. Did you simply not understand?  If you have answered it then please refer to it. Common knowledge is not law by the way. You clearly said a LEGAL right. In fact, I am not even saying a law or court case is not out there...I just wanna see one (however, there is an odd case about not having an absolute right to your own resources).  No-one has a legal right over your organ and life-processes other than yourself  So I ask for the third time...where is this legal right? I would even be happy with link to another post. No international law please and no 'implied' rights as this would be begging the question (since we all love the fallacies).
I did not say common knowledge was law, I said if something is common knowledge there is no burden of proof. The burden of proof is then on the one denying it.   I can't show you every law to show you it is not in there...I was asking for a law that shows that.  The legal right is in the fact that it cannot be restricted. If there is no law preventing you from doing something, you cannot be legally stopped.  If this right was "legal" then it would be a written law for one. Also, one would be able to use drugs on their own body because one would have the right to their own body. So I am not sure this law legally does exist. I just wanna know where it is if there is a law.
Often abortion supporters convey their message as one of championing the cause of freedom of choice and resistance of the oppression of others values on women. Perhaps this should be posted as a poll but I wonder if this support for "choice" remains consistent.  Do those who support the choice of abortion also support the choice to bear children? Do they abhor the imposition of the one child rule on the women of China for example? The woman's choice is restricted and the ideals of the government are imposed upon her. Do those here who support the freedom of choice of abortion denounce China's policies and support the freedom of choice of bearing children?  There are also some areas in India where a person running for an elected office cannot have more than two children (there are obvious implications of this policy on what the makeup of the ruling government will be and how it will institute policy). Do those supporting the choice of abortion denounce this policy as a restriction of choice?  Or do environmental and population concerns outweigh and assume more importance than the freedom of choice in the above examples?
Superbuddha,  I cannot speak for all pro-choice people, but as for myself, I can say I gladly support a woman's right to her decisions regarding her own offspring and reproductive health.    I'm not sure that reproductive health is a good term to use too closely in relation to abortion. There are actually negative physical and emotional/psychological consequences that accompany abortion.  I think a woman should be free to become a mother if she wants to, but I also think that that decision should be weighed against practical standards. I think its grossly irresponsible for a woman who already has seven children, and is living strictly by the financial aid the government provides, to have another child. (saw this situation firsthand) I also think that if you can't afford to keep your own stomach full, that maybe adding another mouth to the bargain isn't wise.   I agree that we should try to be good stewards of the resources around us.   Yes, there should be freedom of choice, but should your choices infringe on another's?   I will not turn this into another debate that often comes up with this issue. But for the sake of clarification can you tell me if you believe it possible that the rights of the being's inside the mother are being infringed upon? That is, when do you deem it worthy of protection? (I won't debate this, I'm just curious as to your view).
Um- there are negative physical/psychological results to carrying pregancies to full term, too.    What would be some of those negative results?  Actually, carrying a child to term is more dangerous than having an abortion.    Yes, the danger one might encounter to save another's life may be more than the danger encountered to take another's life.   But the point is, that by protecting a woman's right to have an abortion, we are protecting her reproductive health by providing safe, sanitary, procedures. By keeping abortion legal, we are also helping to protect her psychological health, by providing better access to counseling etc  Why would she need psychological counseling? Do abortion clinics provide this?  Actually, I am of the opinion that the fetus has no natural rights of its own. Any rights we grant to a person as a citizen or national are granted at the moment of birth.   Do you believe in inalienable rights? Do you believe in the inalienable right to life?  By granting equal rights to a 3week old fetus that you do to a 20 year old man, you are endangering the rights of the woman who carries that child.   Or by not granting them to the child you are endangering the rights of the child carried by the woman. You are giving her a dictatorship.  Yes, I believe that in most circumstances, the child should be carried to term, but there are exceptions to every rule, and I'm not quite ready to forsake the lives and health of women to protect unborn children. Yes, I think the unborn child is worthy of protection, but not any more so than the mother, in fact probably less.  You think "the unborn child is worthy of protection"..."but not more so than the mother, probably less"...yet you believe "in most circumstances the child should be carried to term?"
I cannot speak for all pro-choice people, but as for myself, I can say I gladly support a woman's right to her decisions regarding her own offspring and reproductive health. I would not presume to know enough about her situation to add an opinion to that choice, but I will protect her ability to make it to the best of my ability.  You may not have intended to, but you've given your carte blanche support for a woman to do what ever with her she wishes, with regards to her family - and you'd stick out of it, regardless.  Also, interestingly, there's no man in this 'idealy free' family of yours.  I am overjoyed when someone I love has a child, and enjoy that child as much as possible when I have a chance. I have a few relatives who have been blessed through means of adoption, and the same goes for them. I also know women who have chosen abortion, and my heart goes out to them.  I think a woman should be free to become a mother if she wants to, but I also think that that decision should be weighed against practical standards. I think its grossly irresponsible for a woman who already has seven children, and is living strictly by the financial aid the government provides, to have another child. (saw this situation firsthand) I also think that if you can't afford to keep your own stomach full, that maybe adding another mouth to the bargain isn't wise. But if you make a ton of money, and your private affairs are in order, I'm not so sure you should feel entitled to having children. I don't think anyone should tell you not to, but I don't think you're naturally entitled to offspring.  In china they have dramatic overpopulation, same goes for India. They have such a problem that it is unfathomable for the typical american to comprehend. US- pop. 280,562,489 pop. density 79.6 per sq. mile China - pop. 1,286,975,468- pop density- 347 per sq. mile India- pop. 1,049,700,118 pop density- 827! per sq. mile.    After reading some of the posts on the gun control forum, I think that the USA population is a lot more dense. :)
Superbuddha, In some cases, an abortion is performed in order to save the mother's life. or is her life of no consequence other than as a vessel for a child?  That may be true, but those cases are extremely rare and do not warrant the blanket crusade for "choice" and "reproductive freedom." In regard to the mother simply being a vessel for a "child," I do not believe that in any way. I do not subtract value from the mother as the pro-choice group does from the "child." It is respect for women that drives the pro-life cause, not disrespect. I do believe that a mother in the fullest sense of the word should do everything in her power to protect her child--even risking her life. That is what a mother is. That is what a mother does.  I think we are all aware that abortion is a terrible thing. No-one is denying that. And contrary to what some people might think, there is nothing anyone could say to make (most) women undergoing an abortion feel any worse about it. Just like any traumatic situation, sometimes you might just need to talk to someone about it, make sure your head is in the right place. And yes, some abortion clinics do provide counseling, but as far as i know, all of them provide referrals to other organizations that do. Contrary to what some people might think, the employees at these clinics, for the most part, are caring, compassionate people.  Do you think during this counseling that the abortion clinics give full disclosure to the woman of the developmental progress of the baby she is carrying? Do you think they offer her pictures of a baby her age so that she can make a fully enlightened decision? Did you hear about all of the controversy brought about by people attempting to get abortion clinics to show mothers an ultrasound prior to making a final decision on abortion?  I think I would say that rather than just a simple right to life, that beings have a right to a certain quality of life, that life itself is not enough. As I have said, abortion is never a good thing, but in some cases it might prevent what would be a life of suffering.    Who will be the judge of quality of life and suffering? Who will tell you when you retire and you are no longer "productive" that your quality of life is nothing and your life is forfeit to make way for others? Who will determine that Christopher Reeves cannot live in his broken body because of a poor quality of life?  These are terrible choices to make, but I do not find myself presumptious enough to assume that a child would rather be horribly deformed and retarded than not be at all. Unfortunately, we can't look into the future and ask the kid himself, we have to trust the people involed to make the right decision.    You are not presumptious enough to assume a child would rather be horribly deformed and retarded than not be at all. But you are willing to grant women the power to be presumptious enough to assume that a child would rather not be at all then be horribly deformed and retarded. Trusting the people involved may not be so wise. After all, it is a decision made in the midst of trauma, confusion, fear, etc.   And what exactly am i granting to the suit-wearing politicians in washington by giving them the right to revoke her ability to make these decisions for herself?   You are not giving them any rights. You are allowing them to do their job and legislate against inhumane and immoral actions as they do in any other arena. They would be revoking an ability to make a decision as they do in any other action that is deemed detrimental to people and society. Actually, you are allowing them to correct the wrong interpretations of the law and the overstepping of the judicial branch that Roe v. Wade created in the first place. (Although I believe the legislature has the power to do this, I believe that it would be more proper and practical for a change in abortion to occur at the grassroots level. That change will not occur by promoting "choice" and "reproductive freedom").  I don't think dictatorship is the right word, since she is not asking for the power over anyone but herself, and her child. Would you call a man dying of inoperable cancer who decides to end his chemotherapy a dictator? Or a parent who decides to remove their child from life-support?  "choice" = tyranny the two examples you give do not fall into that category  Yes to both. You see, I am aware that life is complicated and difficult. I am aware that each situation we encounter has it's own aggregates, its own properties. I am not willing to make a drastic- cut in stone- decision regarding something that is so complex  Yes, complicated and difficult. But I am willing to make a drastic-cut in stone-statement, if it will save a child.
Yes. Rightly so, because that's a sick absurd idea.  What is "sick" and "absurd" about showing a mother a picture of her baby?
Superbuddha, That is your definition of a mother.   What's your definition of a mother?  I can take you anywhere onthe planet and show you mothers who are not protecting and caring for their children. Of course you can. They're not really being good mothers are they?  I do not believe a woman should become a mother until she makes a conscious decision to do so to the best of her ability. I do not think that anyone should be forced into lifelong repercussions of a simple act through the opinions of some politician. If you don't think a woman should become a mother until she makes a "conscious decision" to do so don't you think you should be arguing for abstinence? Arguing for abortion is arguing that a woman should not have to be a mother after she has already become one.   Having sex with someone knowing the possible fruits of the act is not a conscious decision? I don't think that the opinions of a politician are the cause of pregnancy.  As Mizmax said, this is not neccessary in order to make a choice. I do not need to see pictures of cat's dead baby inside her to know that unless it is removed, she will die from toxic shock. A CF patient does not need to see pictures of his lungs to know they are full of fluid, and does not need to go to school on the subject in order to decide to sign a DNR. I'm not sure what a dead cat baby has to do with a live human baby (I'm not talking about a dead baby). I don't think that fluid filled lungs compare to a baby either.   I posted this on another thread concerning "choice":  George McKenna wrote this in an article titled "On Abortion: A Lincolnian Position,"  "In all these [presidential speeches and Lincoln Douglas debates] he [Lincoln] continually reminded his audience that the theme of choice without reference to the object of choice was morally empty." (emphasis mine)  Lincoln was speaking to Douglas' reference to the "freedom of choice" of slavery. The article, a comparison of slavery and abortion, can be read here:  http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/9...on/abortion.htm   That is a silly idea brought about by people who think that women who have abortions are ignorant that they are carrying a child- or what that child looks like. It is not neccessary, but if a woman wants an untrasound, she can have one. Some people do not feel it neccessary to see some irrelvant visual image in order to make decisions.    "irrelevant visual image"???  abortion is not detrimental except maybe to the woman involved, it has no effect upon society as a whole.  I think that is debatable. I think it has a detrimental effect on the child involved. It also very strongly affects society--it promotes a view that lessens the value of life. This can permeate into society in many different forms. It also decreases the number of births. Almost all countries in the west are suffering due to that. We are aging and no one will be here to care for us.  Interpretation of the law is the sole power of the judicial system. It is the responsibility of the legislature to word their laws in such a way that does not allow for "wrong interpretations" and I'm sorry, but I will trust the Supreme Court, with their years and years invested into legal experience to make those calls, not you.  Well, I'm not a lawyer so I would have to yield. But there are many lawyers and judges out there that can and do argue the position I presented using their many years of legal experience.   Boy, "pro-life" advocates sure are fond of powerful words. tyranny, dictatorship, genocide, murder, morality.... people use these words like a copywriter, trying to inspire people to buy their line. I'm sorry, but I do own a dictionary, and a fairly good grasp of vocabulary, and the subtle connotations attached to using powerful words. Unfortunately, you don't get to redefine words as you like. Tyranny is actually better equated with the revocation of choice.  Yes, I do use powerful words for a powerful subject. It is a debate tool. Do not think I would attack someone in person with rhetoric though. I am debating an issue here with no faces attached. And don't act like the pro-life side is the only one that does it. We do need to move past words at some point and face real experiences. Tyranny is actually better equated with the revocation of choice? Do you think that the mother is revoking her child's choice?  Even if that child is destined to a life of suffering?  Who is going to predict this with certainty?  Even if the mother is destined for a life of poverty, distress, and substance abuse?   Poverty? Do buddhists measure life by material goods?  distress? Don't we all experience distress?  substance abuse? I think that's the mom's problem that she needs to find help with. The child does not need to be punished for the mom's addiction.  Even if medical technology has no way to save that child from suffering? Even if it will die much more painfully and much more aware very soon anyway?    I know that the medical field makes mistakes in prognoses all of the time.   Do you somehow think that you are better equipped with making a decision for me?    Not necessarily, that's why we are discussing the issue.  Do you have enough faith in the system to ensure that that child does not endure undue hardhips?  child enduring undue hardships or no child? hmmm
Think about it maximus... A very large percentage of women who have abortions know that thats what they're going to do long before they ever visit the doctor's office. They have the symptoms, guess that they're pregnant, and like anyone else thinking about a medical condition, they think about what they want to do about it. Most women have their choice firmly set in their mind before they ever get the test results back. Showing a woman a picture like this would cause them undue stress. Imagine this woman is really a 13 year old girl, highly emotional, but with obvious reasons for wanting an abortion. Seeing an ultrasound would be like torture in many cases, and irrelevant in others. If a woman wants to see the child, they will provide her with the opportunity, but I'm sure you realize that this is not a popular request. You may be all for causing more emotional pain than neccessary to these women, but luckily, the doctor's aren't.  Why would an ultrasound cause stress or be like torture?
Mizmaxx,  Because they are not going to be a mother and they do not have a baby yet.   If they don't have a baby then what will the ultrasound show?  Furthermore, and more importantly, the only reason you suggest showing this image to pregnant women is to guilt them into making a decision you prefer. They have to make a hard enough choice already.   I never said anything about guilting them into anything. Why would they be guilty?   What good is she to her child though if she is dead? In almost any emergency situation involving an adult and a child if the adult does not protect themselves first both will die. For example, if an airplane is swiftly losing altitude, and the oxygen masks drop, an adult must give themselves oxygen first, then to the child. Despite our best intentions, if we forget to care for the care-givers, they will not be able to care for the children.  I have no problem with caring for mothers. I believe the best care for them is to support them through their pregnancy financially, emotionally, with friendship, with shelter so that they don't think they have to get rid of their baby. Support them through the embarrassment, the despair, the guilt, the abandonment. Let them know that getting rid of a baby is not a solution to this problem. Do not let society push abortion on them because it says that is the way to deal with problems.  By the way, I don't think your airplane oxygen analogy applies. If the mother protects herself first with abortion then there will be no child to care for.  Argumentum ad populum. This isn't an assertion- it's a bumper-sticker.  I'll send you one when I print them.  I'm sure you're willing to do many, many things in an attempt to "save" unborn progeny. What strikes me as inconsistent about your presentation of your beliefs is that despite your assertion that this is about "life" and "children", you don't seem to be concerned about the lives and sufferings of all the born children in the world. Such as the millions of Iraqi children having to die/starve/suffer with gov't decisions I don't see you opposing  How in the heck do you know my position and concern for the children of the world and those in Iraq?   How in the heck do you know my position on government decisions in Iraq?  If I value you the child in the womb why would you think I would discard him out of the womb?  Are you confusing me with someone else?  (Have you read the first post? I would be interested in your answers).
Mizmaxx, A fetus. Would you have any trouble calling the thing in a dog's womb a puppy, the thing in a cat's womb a kitten? Would you call it a fetus? Maybe you would, I'm just curious. I don't think the term fetus is wrong. But I don't think it changes what it is.  Sure. You just want them to make an "informed" decision. It doesn't matter what the information is, or whether it's accurate or necessary, so long as it might convince them not to have an abortion. Actually, I'm saying it does matter what the information is. I think you are saying that it doesn't matter what information they will gain. I'm not sure how the information the ultrasound will give will be "inaccurate" either. (But I have never really said that I was in favor of forced ultrasounds. I was just exploring the idea and the implications of the information one would get.)  How do you know that not having the baby isn't the only solution to their problems? How to you propose the ensure that every pregnant woman has access to support? You can't. So don't lie to people.   I never said I could ensure that. So, I'm not lying. I said that this should be our area of focus. You have a habit of putting words into my mouth. And I do know that many pro-life organizations will not turn any mother away.  Sometimes people have no other option but to terminate the pregnancy, and kill the fetus.   I don't believe that. No other option?  Unless you're offering to support each pregnant woman personally, you have no place telling women what their options are. Do you financially support every cause that you speak in favor of personally?  It wasn't an analogy, it was an example of a situation where, despite how selfish it might seem to you or other uninformed outsiders, the mother needs to care for herself first or else there will be noone to care for the child. This is not an analogy for abortion, this is a basic reality of child-rearing. People have a wierd concept of motherhood that you are supposed to give absolutely everything you have to the effort, no matter what, and if you don't you're a "bad mother".   I never said a mother shouldn't care for herself. I simply said that abortion is not a good way to care for oneself. I said that if a mother cares for herself with abortion then she won't have a child to care for.  If you take care of yourself at all, you're a "bad mother".   Never said that.  Spare me. In the future I suggest that for the sake of debate you try to use assertions that you can back up, not fallacious arguments like that.   "Spare me?" How's this one--spare the baby.  You haven't demonstrated any so far. Have you been actively protesting the war? No, I haven't been.
Sure, but I would know that I was being euphemistic. If you saw a fetus at eight weeks sitting in a baby carrier, you would also know that it was not a "baby". But I might surmise that it was a living human being.  I said inaccurate or unnecessary. Ultrasound would be in the unnecessary category. Thanks for clearing up that inaccuracy.  So, you can't ensure the well-being of every fetus, yet you don't believe that any pregnant woman might have to abort the fetus?   Are you saying that you only support abortion in the case of an "unwell" fetus?  Actually, pretty much. But I'm not the one telling women what to do with their fetuses. I meant to you support the entire cause by yourself. It seemed like that was what you were requesting of me. That is, if you are an environmentalist, do you go around buying up rain forests? After all, you tell the developers not to cut down the trees on their land right?  I thought it was all about the children, and life, and all that...  What, not going on message boards defending Iraqi born children's right to live? Is it because they are Iraqi, or because they are born, that they do not deserve your time and effort?  The issue has not come up. Have you been defending the children in the womb due to your defense of Iraqi children?
Buddha, my definition of a mother is irrelevant- we are talking about rights of a woman who does not want to be a mother. the "rights" of a mother who does not want to be a mother might be more accurate  that is not the point. Seems you would rather a world full of bad mothers than happy women.  No, I would rather see a world of good mothers but also a world where women realized that abortion won't be their ticket to happiness.  Yes, abstinence is the best policy...but it is not always the case. Birth control should be used, but sometimes it fails- or the woman fails to follow directions. i don't think a woman should be sentenced to becoming a mother if she makes one mistake. Sentencing a woman to spending the rest of her life attached to a child she does not want is cruel, both to her and in many cases, to the child. And of course there are those troublesome cases of rape and incest- should a woman be sentenced to a punishment for the crime she was a victim to? I'm not sure how the philosophy of the world got so twisted as to declare motherhood a "sentence" as if it was a crime. Sentencing the mother? What is the child sentenced to? Where is the fault of the child in rape and incest?  You may be the most calm and composed person under pressure, and you may not be swayed by what people who understand sexuality call "the heat of the moment" but not all people are like that. Having sex is something that takes, under the best circumstances, a few hours at the most, and it should not be punishable with a minimum sentence of 18 years. I'm very happy for you that you never do something you regret later, that you always fully consider every possible outcome of every possible situation, but not all of us are so lucky. No punishment, just responsibility. Parents should be very active in talking to their children about sex and its results.  No, politicians do not cause pregnancy. But they are trying to control every other aspect of a sexual relationship, down to the legal definition of said relationship.   That may be another topic. But a politician's legislation on abortion has nothing to do with a sexual relationship. It has to do with protecting a child.   If you are so upset about abortion because you think that the fetuses in question might grow up to wipe your drool, that sounds mighty self-involved. It is up to each person who decides that they do want to be a parent to instill in their children the kind of values that will make those kids care about the elderly. It is also (i believe) the responsibility of the government to make sure you have a dry chin, not to a 16 year old girl with enough on her mind. I did not state it as an argument against abortion. I stated it as an effect of abortion. Yeah, that's my real motive. I want someone to wipe my drool. That's why I spent all this time here. Watch out with those powerful words like drool.  So you are saying that is is okay to use rhetoric on this forum? and that you are doing so? thanks for justifying my opinion. It depends on what definition of rhetoric you mean...effective speech...or ostentatious language and words?? I was trying to convey that the approach in a debate may be different than the communication in a one on one personal interaction. Does your drool speech not qualify as rhetoric?  Do you think that the mother is revoking her child's choice?No- I don't. She is revoking his life. terminating it. She is preventing any choice to ever be made by that fetus. That fetus, by the way, will not be capable of any life-or-death decisions for many years to come anyway.  Oh, she's not revoking his choice, just his life? That's much easier to take.  not everyone is buddhist- i don't expect anyone else to adhere to my standards. But which do you think is better? Should we try to end poverty by ending lives or should we try to enrich lives by ending poverty?  of course we do... the key is try and prevent as much distress as possible Funny how someone can sit comfortably in their chair in front of their nifty computer and pass judgement on someone else.   Pass judgment? Give me a break. I haven't passed any more judgment on her than you have. Look at what you wrote next:  Yes, she needs to get off drugs- but that's not the point,   should a woman who is not capable or willing to do so before she got pregnant be forced to endure the shame and pain of delivering a addicted child with numerous health problems?   Shame of delivering an addicted baby? Are you judging her and saying she should feel shame for this? Yes, she should bear the responsibility for her actions. Should the baby be punished for something that she did not do? I think you asked that question about the mother above.  A child that the sytem will automatically take and then have off no hope or help to? Should my tax dollars be taken to care for this poor sick child that has no chance of a "normal life"? No hope? No chance of a normal life? What makes you think so?  not nearly as often as they make correct ones. And I am not talking about a prognosis here, I am talking about a hypothetical child based on history. A child born after being carried by a woman with a serious drug addiction is almost destined for alife of pain and illness. I'd be interested to see those figures. My wife happens to work with disabled children and she knows several examples of incorrect prognoses that stated children who are living and living well would already be dead by now.
Well sometimes it is when you see an ultrasound and you see your baby's face and see the heart beating and then you see the doctors point out where your baby is missing crucial parts of its heart and brain and all its other organs and hands and feet and spine and its intestines are outside of its body and in the umilical cord instead of being where they are supposed to, and then they turn around and tell you that your baby is dying right as you are looking at it and I don't even think stressful justifies that because you wish to God there was something you can do but it's there dying inside of you and there isn't a XXXXXXn thing you can do about it, and THEN to be told by 4 different doctors that the best thing you can do is terminate the pregnancy now before things get worse because there is no chance of survival for the baby, and prolonging it any further is going to cause the baby to eventually be in extreme pain, and that the mass that they saw on the umbilical cord could rupture at any time and kill you along with the baby, but you need to make a quick choice and decide what you are going to do, preferably within the next week, even though you finally got pregnant after trying for a year, yeah I think I would put that right up there with torture. I'm sorry for going off, and if that was too graphic for some people... but I have read enough posts on this subject in the last 3 days and I am so upset because I don't think half of you have a clue. You get in that situation sometime and go through all that and then let me know how you feel about it.  Carmen, I am sorry for your painful experience. I have not been in your situation. But I have experienced similar pain. My wife has experienced two miscarriages. The first one was at home and I actually held the 10 week old in my own hands. It had eyes, hands, legs. It was torturous at the same time it was amazing. To see it up close gave the experience some finality, some peace.
Superbuddha, hmmmm. seems to me that if my own mother had not had seven kids, she might not have been considered poor. Its just simple math... less people means more to go around. You may think that more people means more people are paying taxes, that your twilight years will be more comfortable, but see, poor people don't pay much taxes. If my mom had had fewer dependants, she would have had to pay more taxes, therefore, more money from her income ends up buying you brunch specials at the senior center.  But simple math doesn't work when you're dealing with humans--math is emotionless and without heart--humans display perseverance, love, spirit, fortitude, etc.   Who is it that considers your mother poor and why? Poverty in material possessions may be richness in other things--perhaps in family life. If we sat your mother down and asked her, do you think she would say that she wished she would not have experienced you or one of your siblings so she could have lived more comfortably? Would she begrudge one of you?     I'm saying that the medical professionals who are so overjoyed to deal with these cases on a regular basis, might not be too happy to deal with it at all. They may treat the woman with courtesy, but they won't be giving her any homeade baby blankets. And for the record, a drug addicted mother will never be responsible for her child. You and I as taxpayers will be. If drugs are detected during delivery- and they do test for them- that mother will have a long hard stuggle- also at our expense- to ever gain custody of her child. If she does not pursue custody, it is extremely likely that that sick child will never be adopted, and will spend their life in our wonderful federal and state establishments. Before any such child can be adopted, they have to sever all of the mother's rights, which is another costly court procedure.  I know, I have a family member who is in the process of attempting to adopt a child she is fostering...one with drug exposure.  statistics my friend. Not many children born with serious addictions to cocaine ever make it to the homecoming dance. So let's get rid of them. While we're at it, let's eliminate all of the worthless drug users on the planet.  of course i have to point out that she does not work in the NICU caring for the kids who don't make it, or better yet, I could point out that she doesn't work in the morgue with the children who had a good prognosis. But in the NICU they are trying to keep the child alive. They are not trying to send him to the morgue prematurely.  (Actually, she has had some exposure to the NICU. She usually sees them post NICU).
Superbuddha, I congratulate you on your victory over addiction. I know it must have been difficult. I hope we meet again on other threads. Thanks for answering my questions on Buddhism in the religion forum. Peace.
Maximus is referring to the negative restults of being pregnant. His asking such a question is a clear indication of his maleness and his ignorance of the state of pregnancy.  Pregancy is very uncomfortable. It can be life-threatening. The pain of giving birth to a child is very painful and can endanger one's life.  The burdens of pregnancy, recovering from giving birth, the onerous duties of caring for a new infant are enormously fatiguing. Many women are also subject to extreme depression after giving birth.  Then, if one has a job or a career, pregnancy, birth and its recovery, caring for a new child, can be very costly to one's income and career goals.  Pregnancy, giving birth and having the primary responsibility for the care of a child, as well, in many cases, being responsible for a child's financial care, are extremely weighty obligations and should be given serious consideration by women before engaging in parenthood. I'm all for prudent motherhood. All the things you mentioned should be considered. But none of the things you mentioned are obstacles serious enough to justify killing another.  Are there any positive results of motherhood in your opinion?
...Well, I guess you're entitled to your opinions. On the gun-control board, I imagine you might encounter a lot of rednecks- not the best specimen of our poplulation.Well, then our country was founded by "rednecks".  ...and who are you to judge the relative value of people?  It's apparent that you fall into the worthless snob category. I'll nail the sub-category later.
... Having sex is something that takes, under the best circumstances, a few hours at the most, and it should not be punishable with a minimum sentence of 18 years. ...What an interesting argument. Committing murder sometimes takes only a few seconds. Does that, by your "logic", mean that the murderer should not be sentenced to life in prison? After all, it only took a short while to do it, under the heat of the moment. emoticon_rolleyes
If you count George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin, John Adams, et al, amongst our nation's founders, I am sorry, but these were not "rednecks". These were urbane, well-educated, articulate men.That's my point. Superbaddhaman is still wet behind the ears...thanks to his mother's choice NOT to abort.
I don't think he posts here anymore, so it's hardly fair to attack him ;)I should pay more attention to post dates.  However, he could have just adopted another screen name. Whoops, that means there had to be a birth. emoticon_xangel
Okay...at the time most abortions are performed the embryo/fetus has no really human characteristics. I have an ultrasound picture taken at 8 weeks. It looks like a peanut, no joke. There is no profile, and it's hard to identify the head in the picture. Just food for thought. The look of a peanut is a reflection on the ultrasound technology, not the characteristics of the fetus. If you saw a 3D or 4D ultrasound of the same baby I believe you would see some striking characteristics.   From personal experience holding a 10 wk old fetus in my own hands, I know it has human characteristics.
There actualluy is a stiking differance between 8 and 10 weeks. There are more human qualities to a 10 week fetus. We also forget that every pregnancy develpos differantly. At 8 weeks you could get a 3D ultresound and get a better foucused picture yes, but it would still be the same size and deveolpment.   Also, Maximus when did you ever have to occation to hold a 10 week feteus? How did you know it's gestation? To clarify, 10 weeks since last menses, 8 weeks from conception. My wife and I use natural family planning so we can usually pin-point the actual date of conception.  I held the 8/10 week old in my hands when my wife miscarried at home.
I am a extreamely famliar with gestational age vs. conception age. I don't know what you are calling "human charictoristics" but at 8 weeks gestation the fetus still has a tail. However many women do have a "break through bleeding" at implantaion so I see how it could be possible that she could have been farther along. In which case yes you would probably see fingers, toes etc.  That is a very sad event. I am truly sorry for your loss. Thank you, xeiah.  I know that the fetus has a tail at that time. I also know that human fetuses look a lot like those of pigs early on. But we know it is not a pig, it is a living human being. Just as there are many reasons that we grant humans more protection than pigs outside of the womb, we should also do while they are still in the womb.  When I said human characteristics, I primarily wanted to convey the point that this is not a "peanut" or simple blob of tissue. It is much more than that. My experience was very evidential in that regard.  I understand what you mean about break through bleeding. I'm not sure that it pertains to our case though. As I said, we use natural family planning and we can often know the day of conception. I would have to look back at our charting to see if we had established that but I'm almost certain that we had.  Peace.
Is that which is "not considered viable" legally covered by abortion laws? A fetus progressed, say, one or two years of age, left to its' own, is hardly viable? -     Toddler Homicide?( already legal)  We no longer have to change poopy pampers   Fetal homicide, neither worse or better than Canniablism...  One kills them/ One gobbles them up, or perhaps they are one in the same.
I'm really confused, I seen a show that kept speaking on viablity? I'm assuming they mean the babes capability of survival outside the Mother?    Answer me this, at what point, stage in development, determines the right/wrong time to get grinded/hacked up?( whatever the method)
=thebootfitter]And so am I...  Dear rapture -- With all due respect, I would encourage you to formulate a clear thought and communicate it in a way that an average joe like me will be able to understand.    I'm a product of public education.     I do have some interest in the topic of viability though, so if you could perhaps explain what you are saying, I would be interested in discussing the topic with you.   What is it? Exactly
 I hope this cleared it up for you  It helped.. I wasn't sure if the concept of viablity extended outside the womb.....   [QUOTE=rapture]Toddler Homicide?( already legal)  What? Did I miss something? What is 'toddler homicide' and how is it already legal?   Fetal Homocide? Toddler Homicide? A human in different stages of development.....Why/or What is the difference?And if someone wanted this legal( Toddler Homicide) ...I don't see much anybody could do legally to stop it.. When women kill their tots they are locked up/ and branded with a criminal record vs  the female who callously kills durning the fetal stage.(Double standard?)    I have a couple friends, who have aborted more than once, because they didn't want to lose their girly figure(trivial). I find it eerie and disturbion.....    Trust me, that word (this whole issue basically) has been pretty much shoved down my throat by my doctors for the past month, and I know a large percentage of doctors do recommend terminating the pregnancy if it is non-viable, but again, it is ultimately up to the woman in question .    I hardly meet women who want their babies...sorry about your situation.
Legally, the Death Penalty is not murder. Morally, it can be. Abortion on the otherhand is the intentional killing of an innocent human being. This completely destroys the trust that a child has for it's parents- children don't have sanctuaries anymore.
 What are you referring to here? When did "children have sanctuaries"? Children are murdered, starve to death, bombed into oblivion, forced into prostitution, etc. every day. Do you really think that forcing women to bring every pregnancy to term will somehow magically make the world a safer place for children, or that there was a "sanctuary" for children during the time that abortion was outlawed?  I love it how you completely change the debate to your liking! It's really cute.   Why would it? Most children are aware enough to know the difference between themselves and a fetus, and don't live in constant fear that they will be sucked back into the womb in order to be aborted. That sounds like a truly peculiar phobia.  An infant certainly isn't aware that it is different from anyone else. So let's kill infants too!   Age of viability really is around 5 or 6 months. But viability doesn't define humanity.
Well, I don't think killing infants is a good idea. Besides which, my point was that your comment that children felt "unsafe" with their parents because of abortion was absurd.  I never siad children felt unsafe. I said that children ARE unsafe in the wombs- this is true. 1/3 of all pregnancies end in abortion.
  Which is completely absurd. Lucky for you you don't remember what you have said...  Mizmax, if you have ever taken English grammar, you would know about tenses. Obviously, you havn't.     Chosen or not? Spontaneous abortions are very frequent, almost 50% before the first two weeks, at which point often the woman is not even aware she was pregnant, and the child is flushed unceremoniously.  Mizmax, stop being a smarta$$. Unintentional abortion has been replaced by "miscarriage". When speaking of abortion, we mean the intentional killing of a fetus.   The womb is not a safe place. The world is not a safe place. That's no reason to oppose abortion or to fight for choice.  The world is not a safe place- let's kill our children! Your logic is that of my sister- always trying to mimic my logic without success.
   It has always highlighted for me how much bunk the whole "save the life" line is when anti-abortionists are pro-death penalty. In particular, given how this process plays out in practice- that is, it is extremely racially and economically unbalanced, not to mention often disproportionate to the nature of the crime. In practice, people who die from d.p. have bad lawyers because they have less money, and could have not even been in the room when the murder occurred.   :)  That has to be the single most ignorant thing I have ever heard. First of all, abortion has absolutely nothing to do with the death penalty. The death penalty is a punishment set by governing laws based on religious belief. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth and all that. If i steal 20 dollars from you, I am require to give you 20 dollars in return, not 150. If I take your life, then i'm required to give mine in return. Most of the time, the death penalty isn't near enough. They have killed sometimes dozens of lives and they only have one to return. It is also supposed to be a deterrent, but even that doesn't work, becuase ignorant people claim that it's racist or economically motivated. There is no reason a poor person or a person of color should have to kill someone. Murder is a solitary crime that isn't require to do for survival, or to feed yourself or your family.  Second, the number of death row inmates innocently convicted is a tiny percentage. It does happen, but it is rare. There are always mistakes in a system run by men. We are a fallible people. But let the punishment fit the crime.  Personaly, I'm against the death penalty on a purely economical reason. It cost 4 or 5 times more to execute a murderer that to put him up for life in a maximum security prison. After the required appeals for a commuted sentence, the further investigations, the lawyers, the re-trials, it costs millions of dollars to finally execute the criminal.
I do agree that some of the sentencing can be racially motivated. But stereotypes come into being due to some amount of truth. It's hard to convict someone of murder if they didn't commit it.  Of course it isn't a deterrent. It isn't used enough. And it's too expensive to do. Every single death row inmate is required to have 2 appeals. Each appeal cost in the millions to finally finish. You get convicted, you get executed. Stop leaving them on death row for years. Give them 6 months and then throw the switch. Execute more murderers, you'll get fewer murders.
It has always highlighted for me how much bunk the whole "save the life" line is when anti-abortionists are pro-death penalty. In particular, given how this process plays out in practice- that is, it is extremely racially and economically unbalanced, not to mention often disproportionate to the nature of the crime. In practice, people who die from d.p. have bad lawyers because they have less money, and could have not even been in the room when the murder occurred.    I didn't catch that statement. That's usually not the case. Most strong pro-lifers, as myself, am also against the death penalty. The only reason why people associate pro-lifers with being pro-death penalty is because of the fact that most republicans are pro-life, and most republicans are also pro-death penalty. But that doesn't mean that most pro-lifers are pro-death penalty, espcially because most republicans are only partially against abortion.   I mean, I could say it's the same with pro-choicers- they believe abortion is OK, but they beleive the death penalty is wrong. But this is not always the case.
Dont you understand the comparison mizmax is trying to make, its quite obvious to anybody reading this, that hes using it as an example.   Religious law also allows stoning to death, are you for that too.    Really, what about all those hungry people in say africa, who have nothing, what about the hungry man who cant feed his family, hasnt he a right to steal? It does say it in the bible doesnt it.    What an absurd statement, in fact dumb comes to mind, i somehow dont think you will shout such garbage if you were wrongly accussed   What if he/she didnt do it, your quite happy to murder an innocent person, you already stated above that mistakes happen.  So you are quite happy to murder an innocent person, but not allow abortions to take place. Well you certainly live up to your name, i just like to add idiot to that too  Oh, absolutely, go back to stoning to death. There's a deterrent for you. It is a slow death to be stoned, unless you are lucky.  I said murder doesn't feed your family, unless you eat your victim. I said nothing about the ethics of stealing to feed your family. That is a different animal.   See, the good thing is, I'll never put myself in a situation to be falsely accused of murder. I don't really have to worry about it. And I do believe the good of the many overides the good of the few. There are always going to be mistakes, there is nothing anyone can do about it. No matter what the law is, no matter what the punishment is, there will always be the possibility of innocence incarcerated. Should be stop arresting people? Set everyone in the prisons free becuase they MIGHT be innocent? Let's throw out the laws while we are at it, becuase without those, there wouldn't be any arrests, there wouldn't be any innocent people falsely imprisoned. I would rather have the death penalty than life in prison.   I never stated my stance on abortion. I have been debating the fallacy of using the death sentence as a viable correlation. They don't mean the same thing.
When you get down to it, abortion is simply a power issue for women. There is only ONE area in which a woman has power over a man, and that is giving birth. Don't get me wrong, there are certainly powerful women out there, but I'm speaking generally. Even sex, when you boil it down isn't COMPLETELY in the hands of a woman. Granted, if it's forced there are laws against it now, but let's face it, way back when if a guy wanted it, he took it. Can a man FORCE a woman to have his child? Of course not. So, when you see the agenda behind the "pro-choice" movement, which is so obviously connected with the "women's rights" movement, it is clear. The "pro-choice" folks are not going to come out and say "we are wanting to kill fetuses to make a point", so they hide it behind a more righteous cause-the right to control your body or whatever XXXX they hide behind. If they believed in REAL "pro-choice" they would not be against educating women about the fetus-afterall, they do vehemently oppose "pro-life" commercials and other methods that graphically show abortion methods and fetal development.  Now, as far as men that support "pro-choice"? These are the sensitive guys of the 90's who feel they have to appear understanding and sensitive to a woman's "right" in order to get some. OR, it's simply that they want the option open so if they get their girlfriend or mistress pregnant, they can avoid the "mess" of having a child. GEEEEZ, get some gonads already!!
A bill was passed, or is in the process of being passed that states, if a fetus is killed while the mother is being attacked, the attacker can get time, yet, when a woman wants to murder her fetus, its not human, rather a mass or something. ( just didn't make sense -that's all)     clarify if you can...At what point durning developement is a human not a human?
You're right, it is a power issue for women. The power to have control over their body and their power to choose whether or not to have a child. Their power to stop a pregnancy if they're raped. They didn't have a choice to have sex or get pregnant, but they should have a choice whether to continue the pregnancy.  Taken directly from the Liberal's playbook, you must be moving up the ranks! There are statistcs out there that show the case of which you speak are relatively rare, but your kind wants abortions for women that lay on their backs but don't want the responsibility. There is some kind of sick thought that because MEN don't get pregnant that it's not fair that the woman has to bear the burden, SO they want all the fun without the responsibility, just like men. Referencing what Rapture was saying, I actually get his point (scary I know lol). A fetus's life cannot be granted or taken away based on the decision of a woman. The Peterson case-a double murder because the mother had given the fetus a name? Give ME a break!  Do you really think people object to to prolife graphic propaganda pictures because it might educate women? I have a weak stomache. I don't like the sight of blood.    Actually I do believe that, yes! Just because you are a woman doesn't mean you are automatically instilled with the knowledge of these procedures or the development of a fetus. Women today are bombarded with the propaganda that it is their body and very little other information is provided. You know as well as I do that there are many ignorant and uneducated people in this country, very susceptible to the sound bite(byte?) society we live in, and thet AREN'T made aware of everything. And this XXXX about a weak stomach? Talk about a poor excuse to avoid the truth  Would I have more gonads if I, as a man, went around telling women that they had no choice, they were going to have a child no matter what, even if it will endanger their life, their health, and their happiness?  So, your happiness is more important than a child's life? What a pitiful excuse for a...naaa...nevermind.  Hate to break it to ya, but it's the *woman's* choice, not the man's, so your little example of a man doing this only so they can avoid the mess is not valid  Sorry, but it is, you are looking at it from the viewpoint of giving birth and caring for the child, but the man has financial responsibilities at the very least, and many "men" nowadays really don't want that burden in their lives.
does that mean you're working from the conservative playbook?    LOL well, it DOES win on the issues  However rare these cases are, they are an issue. Do you agree with abortion in the case of rape and incest?  Well, as rare as they are, do you think they deserve to be the "poster child" of your cause. Afterall, when you all try to justify killing a baby, you use these rare cases as a rallying call.   Lay on their backs and don't want the responsibility? Abortions are not really that easy on a woman. You make it sound like they'll just have one abortion after another and think nothing of it. The opposite is really the case. It is my opinion that women should have the opportunity to stop a pregnancy they do not want, and not be forced to have a child. I'll bet you're one of those "Do the crime, do the time" kind of people, eh? Well, sex is not a crime, and pregnancy should not be a punishment.  Well, there ARE women who are repeat "abortioners". Let's face it, just like the gays with AIDS and how it was so unfair that the heterosexuals didn't have to worry about a disease (at the beginning anyway), women that share your opinion find it so unfair that a man can just go get his rocks off and not have to worry about a thing. And unfortunately, the child pays for your irresponsible behavior. Instead of sleeping with men who's name you don't even know (but guys can do it, boohoo), why not behave like a woman and have more respect for yourselves. If you don't want the pregnancy, why are you doing the deed? Are YOU one of those people who think you can do whatever you want without consequences to your actions?  I don't think they should bear the burden of a child unless they WANT a child.    So, the woman WANTING to have a child is the criteria that determines life? Take a fetus at the same stage, and a woman who wants it has a child and the woman who doesn't has a blob of cells? Unless you are one of those ignorant people of which I speak, do I need to spell it out where that leads? A 2 year old is hard work, don't WANT that kid anymore...HMMMMMMMM  But what if they don't want to see what is inside them? If this is a medically necessary procedure, or if a women feels she cannot or does not want to raise a child, should they be *forced* to see bloody pictures that will just make the decision harder to face, no matter how necessary? I feel that it's cruel to do that.  Thank you, that's MY point! Okay, let's say I want to kill someone, but don't want to get messy, does that make poisoning them any less of a murder? Maybe not the greatest analogy, but Good Lord, when tough decisions are made, you need to have ALL the information avaliable to make it wisely. It's much too easy for a woman to convince herself, based on all the propaganda out there, that it's not a child, so to see evidence to the contrary would mean she would feel guilt for going through with it, OR would actually have to sacrifice (YIKES, what a concept) and raise the child. And really now, if it's not a child, why would it BE such a tough decison anyway?  Heh, probably better I don't know what you were going to say there.    Yeah, probably LOL  So what if the man has financial responsibilties?    Hey, that's one of the considerations your side sites frequently-MONEY. And I was referencing finances because I believe that's why so many men are "pro-choice". They would LOVE to be able to walk away and not have ANY responsibility
This is absurd. You actually believe all the women who have abortions are willing to terminate their pregnancies just to "prove a point"? Do you really think that women are that stupid and selfish? I guess so.    You bet I believe it! And I never said ALL women, but there certainly are those who are repeat "abortioners". The women that started this whole thing certainly did, and do, have a big problem with men and wanted to make a point, and unfortunately they have brainwashed many women since then to follow their casue blindly.  Interesting that you cite the issue as one of control, and yet you call the "right to contol your body" "XXXX".    C'mon now, you know exactly what I meant here. It's a control issue in the sense that women, in nature, have one thing that they control and men can't force, and that is giving birth. It has nothing to do with control of your body!  What about being a woman makes someone uncapable of making that decision?  The arrogance!! Neither a man OR a woman have the right to make that decision.  You're suggestion is that this is a good thing? Are you a believer in little cave men with steel-spiked wooden clubs dragging women back to their cave-houses in the "good old days"?    AHHHHHHHHHHH they WERE good, weren't they? LOL  There's one good thing I can say about you syklopps61, you're honest about what this is about. It's about making sure that women aren't allowed control over their bodies, so they won't run around having fun.  Well, I'm glad to see that you have the guts to admit the REAL issue. It's not a question about when life begins or any of that, it's about "EQUALITY", and a woman being allowed to act like a man because it's just not fair! How sad that a woman would put precedence on her "right" to have fun over a life of a child. So yes, you made my point, that abortions ARE done to make a point. It amazes me how women that share your belief are incapable of accepting things as they are, and knowing their place. LOL, I can see it now, this will be spliced up and taken out of context to reveal me as the true cheauvenist pig that I am!! LMAO What I REALLY mean is we all have our place in nature-I am tasked to provide food and protection for my family which can be quite dangerous. I don't relish the thought of going to war to get blown to pieces, but to protect my family/country, I would in a heartbeat. A woman's place would be taking care of the home, giving birth, nurturing the child-why is that so bad? Why is that something in today's world that is to be ridiculed by your kind? Why do people like you think that this makes men "better"? And nothing I said is degrading to women, so don't even try to make it appear that way. Everything I do in my professional life will mean nothing the day I die, but my wife raising my children will pass on values for generations   Having an abortion is a consequence.  Oh, please, it's an easy way out  If you're worried about your girlfriend/wife running around, give them something to stick around for. Instead of just taking the easy road and trying to be a sex cop  uh oh, sounds like someone has some issues, because I can't see WHERE this has anything to do with abortion  Sorry if I got a little off subject up there
I think it would be fair to say they had a big problem with men telling them what to do.  The rage, the anger-it's palpable  That's a very strang- not to mention inaccurate- view of nature.  Actually not, men are bigger, stronger, they can take what they want, even sex, but we cannot force a woman to give birth. The one thing you hold over a man's head and he is helpless (the way you want a man to be no doubt).  Men get abortions? That makes no sense whatsoever. Besides, how can a woman "act like a man"? If how she acts is endemic to womanhood, isn't she always going to be acting as a woman?  GEEEEZ, maybe I did give you too much credit. It was obvious what I meant. Women want to behave like men sexually and to not have consequences to worry about because it just isn't fair. Men can walk away and not be stuck with the burden.   What is degrading is supposing that just because this works for you, that everyone else has to live like that.  So ultra-sensitive! Degrading?  That's a matter of opinion. It is definitely a consequence.  No, getting pregnant is the consequence.  Running around having sex with strangers is not a nevessary prerequisite for abortion. Many ppl are pregnant from partners/husbands etc.  Well of course not, but usually it's because she has sobered up and wants no extra burden in her life. I don't have statistics and wouldn't believe them anyway (a woman could say anything she wants to about her pregnancy), but I would venture to say most of the time a married woman gets an abortion would be because her husband isn't the father.  You seem to have a problem with female promiscuity. That is what I'm addressing. Female promiscuity can't affect you except from your female partner.    Would you have a problem if I called you a slut? Seems to me that women want what men have without having the social stigma placed on them. And yes, I happen to believe that female promiscuity degrades women more than anything.
ROFL!  You DO have a sense of humor, I was worried about you!! LOL  I understood that this was what you were saying. This essentialist position is illogical. To act "like a woman" or "like a man" can only possibly logically be defined as "how men/women act". Therefore if a woman (or man) acts in any way, it becomes "how women (or men) act".  You DO have a tendency to dissect every word, well taught by your boy Clinton no doubt. Obviously I meant that women are behaving (is that a better word, I'm not a dictionary or a lawyer, sorry) like men. If I put on a dress and glide across a room, I'd be acting/behaving like a woman.  Not to mention the most obvious failure to your logic, that there were plenty of women sleeping around in the "good old days".    THOSE SLUTS LMAO  I was just using your word  I don't have my post in front of me, but sure don't recall using that word, if I did, scratch this  So, what argument to you have to support the notion that the family structure that works for you should be universally adopted?  Well, it sure has worked for thousands of years. What makes you think that you "enlightened ones" have the truth now? IF things were so wrong for those thousands of years, how do you explain the progress of society, not to mention the relative law and order that has accompanied it (yes I know, there were things done that were barbaric by our standards)  No, I would just think you were pathetic.  Okay now, thank you for proving my point. Women want to be promiscuous, but don't want the stigma.   Besides, numbers on that wouldn't be so hard to get- find out how many married pregnant women are assisted by their husbands. A good majority of the married women who have abortions are. There goes your "theory".  Well, I will admit it's just my opinion and I have no actual numbers to back it up. However, don't you agree that a woman can go to an abortionist and say she was raped instead of admitting that she was just whoring around?  You should sort out your issues with your Mommy in therapy, not on-line...[/  You seem to always attribute my belief to some sort of insecurity-another liberal way of attacking
However, with your obvious anger at "sluts" and inner-certainty that those who have abortions must be whoring around, it sounds like you have some issues with women in general  Why is it "obvious" anger? I thought I was being perfectly clear, and your response further supports my claim. Someone who murders is a murderer, someone who steals is a thief-what is a woman who sleeps around? It's funny when you hear women say that thyey don't want to be called a slut-what IS a slut then?
This is hilarious! What makes you think I like Clinton? Is your political analysis really that simplistic?  Well, it IS obvious, nothing simple about it. You may wish there was someone even MORE left, but all in all...  What you are talking about is men's and women's roles.  See what I mean? Dissecting every word. God, it's people like you that devour the Constitution bit by bit every day. Common sense dictates what was MEANT, but people like you "pseudo attorney's" have to dissect everything and find different meaning in everything that is said.  How is that a point? Why should "promiscuity" be stigmatized? Slut is a pejorative. Ppl generally take offense when you call them things which have moral condemnations attached to them. Personally, however, I just think it's a pathetic attempt to police behavior    For someone who is a walking dictionary, you certainly can tell me the meaning of slut then, right? Why haven't you defined the term for it, don't give me the adjective, noun, perjorative XXXX, answer the question! And being a slut IS a stigma in society, yes. And why DO they take such ofense, do they have some guilty feelings associated with their behavior?  Just beacuse an idea is old, doesn't mean it's good. Just because it has worked in the past, doesn't make it necessary.  Hey, if it ain't broke, don't fix it!!  Why say anything at all? She doesn't have to explain herself.    Time and again, you have shown that you cannot admit something, I have shown time and again that I CAN! It is painfully clear that a woman CAN make up whatever excuse she wants as to why she "requires" an abortion, and it would kill you to admit it.  You set yourself up for it by what you say. Evidently I'm not the only one who sees it...  YEP, blame the victim!! You couldn't possibly be to blame for making a false accusation? I could have EASILY said the same thing about you based on YOUR beliefs, but yet I chose to exhibit some degree of maturity.
My son's father walked on him. We were married. You're stereotype is a load of XXXX. So is the double standard you think we should live by. If I followed it my son would starve. Quite frankly it astonishes me that you may be married at all.  Talk about having issues! Mizmaxx, you may want to distance yourself or don't dare say that I'M the one with issues-choose  First of all, I'm sorry that your sons father isn't a real man that can't live up to his responsibilities.  Secondly, I find what you're doing for your children admirable and if in fact your husband DID just up and leave, then obviously you had no say in the matter and you aren't to blame. But does that mean that a CHILD should suffer the consequences of someone being an *******? And why would it astonish you that I'm married-the fact that I AM a man and will stick with his family no matter what? THAT makes me BAD somehow? Talk to me when you grow up or after years of psychotherapy  Progress usually comes with change - not staying the same. Read a little history and you might see that.[/  NATURAL progress is fine, not activist XXXX that you all fight for
It may not seem broken to you, but to a whole multitude of women (the other side of the equation) it needs more than a little work.  Why does everything with you folks on the left have to be US vs.THEM kinda thing? Anyway, I still fail to see how abortion makes everything better for you.  I'm not Mixmaxx - I am jitobear. Pay attention.  Read-I WAS talking to Mizmaxx, and was referencing the accusations of ME having issues with women, and yet it appears that YOU have issues with men. I find it curious that when I make what is perceived as being a negative comment about women that I'M the one with issues, yet you, and Mizmaxx, seem to have license to say whatever you wish about men without a similar label  What makes you think my child is suffering?  I think you might need to pay attention yourself, afterall this IS about abortion, and I was referencing that just because "men" walk out and leave women with the responsibility of being pregnant and raising a child alone, doesn't give the woman the right to terminate the pregnancy. So, inTHAT sense, the child suffering  No, that is commendable. But you have a lousy attitude towards woman. The tone of your posts seems to be that women should be married and quiet or they are sluts (or if in a situation like mine - to be pitied).  I really fail to see where my opinions reflect a "lousy" attitude toward women. All I have said is that women are as equally responsible as the man for getting pregnant, and just because the man abandons her does not mean she has the right to an abortion. As I have said with Mizmaxx, IF a woman is going to be promiscuous (a slut), then there are consequences to their actions. Why is my opinion that you should accept the responsibility of your decisions/actions appear to be a lousy attitude to you? You both seem to have a great deal of anger or jealousy that a man can get away without dealing with a child. Don't take it out on the unborn is all
The ignorance....  Yep, it's everywhere, isn't it?
I don't. But I know choice does. Choice in EVERYTHING. I will choose whether or not to have sex, use birth control, get a job, be rich, be poor, where short skirts or long ugly dresses, to put on tennies or heels, to open my mouth or shut up, to stay home or go out - and I will choose whether the body under this skin will be pregnant. And you, whoever the hell you are, don't get to make a single one of those choices for me. Ever.  THAT is what pro-CHOICE is about.  Thank you for making my point better than I could ever do!! It's all about you, right honey? I am woman hear me roar right? LMAO  I do have issues with men. Especially mysogonistic XXXXXX on BnB boards thinking they know anything about me.  ROTFLMAO, I don't even have to say a word, you are doing quite well yourself!!  Say what you want. But I will tell you when you are talking out of your rear. Which is has been most of the time in this argument.  THAT was a good response, when I make a point, dismiss it and move on  You are right. That fact that it is her body gives her the right.  And YOU are wrong! You, by nature, have been tasked with giving birth, so that child within you is NOT YOUR body, no matter how you slice it, it isn't. Lie to yourself all you want so you can sleep well, but it's not  Nice though. Men can **** freely and walk, but the women is a slut who needs to be punished for it. THAT is a lousy attitude towards women.    You are so consumed with jealousy that you just can't see the truth!! LOL AGAIN, my point is made, abortion to you IS to do what you want without consequences. SOMEbody has to be responsible when a woman gets pregnant, and if the woman was stupid enough to get pregnant with a guy she barely knows, or has a poor judge of character, and she has the child inside of her (again, not part of your body, sorry), then naturally the responsibility falls on the woman. If you could get past your resentment of men, I am criticizing men equally-they shouldn't be such wusses to abandon the woman, but the woman also has blame too.   Because you don't feel that it needs to be shared by men.  I'm sorry, despite whatever fancy words you want to use, you have to be missing a chromosome or something. I have never said that men shouldn't share in the responsibility. Short of chopping up what I say, I want to see a quote, or anything even close to what you accuse me of saying  And there are those who feel that terminating an unwanted pregnancy is responsible. More so than bringing an unwanted child into the world or having an unhealthy pregnancy.  And if the child is unwanted, don't do the act! Remember biology, it DOES only take one time!! But see, that gets back to it "just isn't fair, men can do it, why can't we, waaaa". Now, dry your snot and run along and play  And let me state for the record, I have never had an abortion, nor would I unless it were rape or a serious health matter. But I made that choice all by myself.  BLAH BLAH BLAH, that's what every woman says who supports "pro-choice". Give me a break, I wonder who has had the millions of abortions then  Women who have abortions aren't taking anything out on anyone you simpleton. They are making what they feel are the right choices for their life. How about you make your choices and you let others make their own?  EXCUUUSE me, Einstein. I tell you what, I choose rape, how about that? Is that a deal?
Probably my last post in reply to you, since this has pretty much ceased to be a debate.    OH DARN!! LOL  I never said it wasn't a life. It is alive, it is human. Whether it is a person deserving full rights and privilages as a born person is what the question is, as well as when the bestowing should happen.  And you have such faith in mankind that we can determine that, let alone that we even have the power to do that?   Stop putting words in my mouth.  Well, you've done a pretty good job of doing it to me  Eh? For my gender? Does that mean if I'm not intellectually honest you look like a 2 year old? I have not seen them say negative things about men in general. I *have* seen them say negative things about you in particular, but not men in general. Yet I see you continually assuming (with no basis or reference) that all women who have abortions are sluts, and all men that are pro-choice are ******. Yeah, I think we can safely say that you have issues, while no-one else has been as negative.  Anything for the "team", huh? Jitobear flat out admitted she has issues with men, making negative comments toward me, and yet you turn your head. Guess you have to sacrifice your integrity to go along with your sister in the fight  What do you do with a month old fetus?  uh, let it live?  You didn't answer the question. Who "tasked" women? Was there a meeting I missed? Who is it that said that all women must have children, that they have no choice in the matter?  Oh, c'mon already, it was obvious I was stating that women have the biological ability to bear children and men don't, that is the "cross" you have to bear. Women of course, DO have the choice whether to have children or not, they don't HAVE to get pregnant-talk about putting words in someone's mouth  Do even *you* know what you are talking about? When is this a discussion about if men leave women? Women in commited relationships *do* have abortions, you know, and don't have to have commited adultery. You're continual shifting to this point really makes it seem you have issues in your past you need to work out. If it isn't a medical issue (which I hope you don't disagree could *require* an abortion), then they don't want children. Yes they love their husbands. Yes their husbands love them. Yes they had sex, yes she got pregnant. Neither wants kids. She gets an abortion. Happens all the time.  I'm fully aware that married couples do have abortions, I just don't think that it is as common as you would want us to believe. I believe that is the "official" story so that your cause seems more noble. You must admit, going on national tv saying that married couples want abortions sounds alot better than "we want abortions so we can do what we want and because we are selfish". It's for public consumption and to bring more supporters on board.  you say don't be bitter or angry when you're the only one who comes across bitter and angry  It's clear that anyone disagreeing with your so called "right" would be perceived by you as being angry  Assuming men who are pro-choice are ****** is very bigoted of you.    I'll go even further, "men" who are liberals are ****** too! I won't retract either statement. The very nature of a liberal goes against the natural tendencies of a man-working hard, making his own way in the world, providing for and protecting. Men want some and these types think they have to go against their nature in order to get some.   You don't believe anyone can be altruistic, they always are looking out for themselves. Heaven forbid that I actually care about what happens to people, what their rights are.  You ARE kidding, right? You are speaking about being altruistic in the same breath as admitting that a living thing inside of you should be destroyed because it is a nuisance. Truly amazing  You know what? I agree with you. It is to a certain extent selfish, if it's done just because the woman doesn't want kids. I'm sorry to tell you, the world is full of selfish people.    I appreciate you admitting that, thank you. But just so I have a handle on this, could you put a percentage on that "certain extent" part? You have admitted that abortions ARE performed simply because the woman doesn't want kids (and throw out the miniscule amount that are performed for health reasons)  You should understand, you're one of them. If a woman is selfish, and doesn't want to share her life with little babies at this time in her life, do you really think that forcing her to have them will make everything better?  That first sentence referencing selfishness. I'd love to know how you can determine how selfish I am in all these posts. As far as the rest of your response, is it possible for you to look beyond and see that your crusade could possibly have negative effects on society? I bet if we find an amoeba on Mars, you people would be running around screaming there is life on Mars, yet we have it everywhere around us here and you people could care less. And yes I know, it IS life, so don't try to make it appear that I'm inconsistent.  And yes, people put their parents in homes when they don't want to deal with them. Yes, it's selfish. Would I do it? If I couldn't support them, it'd be my only option if they couldn't support themselves. That's life, I'm sorry.  Why not just kill them though, afterall, they ARE a burden and produce nothing. It would make life SO much easier, wouldn't it?
Your flame about liberals is hardly become and does nothing but discredit anything of merit you "might" have said. A grade "A" example of how to make yourself look like a fool.  Please don't try to appear to be openminded-that you would actually listen to anyone that disagrees with you? Sorry, not buying it.  I take it that you ignored my above post because you cannot find fault with it, in which case your arguments are invalid, and you are merely spouting rhetoric. Prove me wrong  You sure do have a high opinion of yourself, huh? First of all, I work and had no time to address your post, I can only address one ignoramus at a time. Perhaps no one has addressed your theory because it's absurd, to say a woman is FORCED to share her organs when pregnant? Organs do what they are put there to do, nothing more, nothing less. Is that all you do all day is think up this stuff? If I'm not mistaken, the only thing actually attached to the fetus is the placenta. Surely the fetus extracts oxygen and nutients from the mothers blood, but no organs are attached. Do you have a problem with organ donation, blood transfusions, other medical procedures that are "forced" on you and I to save our lives? There are things that just ARE, can't fight or change them.   Ironically enough, the pro-life argument is generally considered a leftist argument (all-beings are created equal) and is more closely associated with a socialist opinion, rather than the right-wing philosophy that the government should have little to no control over peoples lives.   Is this an attempt to make it appear as if I'M inconsistent? If that be the case, then join the club because you should be against abortions then, using this logic, so don't use it to impugn me
I just want to clarify, I am a man. Sorry if I didn't make that clear in my last post. That's what I meant about being altruistic and caring about other's rights, though it would have been just as valid if I were a women and cared about other women's rights whether or not I wanted to get pregnant or have an abortion  Thanks for the clarification. Please note I could have had a field day with this, but chose not to LOL I still believe that if you were truly altruistic, you would also have an equal concern for the life of the unborn.
No, Read what I wrote again. I am capable of making my own choices. I have made millions of them in my life. In my life I chose to have a child and raise him alone. I chose to get a degree and a good job. I chose to buy a house. I chose to be a mom. This morning I chose a yogurt smoothie for breakfast.  All those choices, wow, you must have a headache, huh? I have what's called responsibility, and you are advocating lack of same. Are you actually equating your choice to have a smoothie to be on the same level as having an abortion? I made the choice to father a child, I could easily do what's EASIEST for ME and run away, but I choose to do the right thing. I'm saying a woman who chooses to become pregnant should make the responsible decision instead of the selfish decision  And yes - I am a strong woman. With the choices I have made I have to be. What is wrong with that?  Don't have a problem with it one bit, just do what's right instead of what's easy, that's all. What is wrong with THAT?  This was plain and simple me insulting you, personally. Clearly you didn't get it, Einstein. (That "Einstein" but was sarcams by the way.)  Wait, you mean you are actually admitting to saying something negative? LOL Clearly, you don't have a clue. I got your feeble attempt at an insult, YOU apparently didn't understand that I was commenting about YOU having the hatred...no, loathing of men. Might have to go more than once a week to your shrink! LOL  I, by nature, have been given the ability to give birth. Whether or not I will choose do so is a whole other matter. You see, that child can't live without my body. Use of my body requires my consent.  You're coming along! You gave your consent when you laid on your back. Nature has NOT granted you the ability to choose WHEN you get pregnant, none of us can predict when that happens.   No I am not and I will ask you to refrain from telling me how I feel.  Well you put your feelings out for all to see, damn right I'll write what I want to write-free speech? I CHOOSE to say what I want, whether or not YOU like it  No abortion is the end of a life. A sad sad circumstance. I hate that people are irresponsible with it. But that does not mean I get to make choices for them.  Thank you for admitting that, and it IS sad. Do you feel obligated to stand up for what's right? Or do you just run your head and not get involved? In THAT sense, people like me are not making choices for others, we are just standing up for what is undoubtedly wrong. Even YOU admit that it IS a life, so would you turn away if a young child is fighting for it's life?  This I save for later.  Can't wait to hear it!! LOL  You don't mock them or what to legalize their behavior. They can make bad choices if they want. Since nature endowed them with a dick, they get to behave like one, eh?  Oh, c'mon now, I have mocked these "men" throughout this discussion, you apparently haven't been reading very closely. I'm not saying men should behave that way either, I'm just saying that many DO. Now, you did say a man acting like a "dick" with that kind of behavior, so I certainly can bring up that trerrible term "slut" when a woman sleeps around. I'm not talking about any of THAT behavior being illegal, I'm saying that the ABORTION should be-can't you separate the two?  Good suggestion! I think all women who want to make their own choices should stop having sex altogether and just leave you boys to each other.  AHHHHHHHHHH and all you women to each other-heaven, huh? LOL  Hey big strong man, think you can find the **** to talk to me like an adult?  Well little lady, when you act like one I'll be glad to treat you like one LOL  You know, I don't really think you are a responsible man who takes care of his responsibilities. I bet you just screw around and never pay child support  Of course you don't, because you think all men are the same like that scum that left you. Funny how, here I am, a man who is NOT running and behaving like a pig, and yet I am loathed by you. You really do need to sort out some issues.  Oh, and when you lie, I will call you a liar, you betcha
From you.  I have to admit, good come back LOL  I have what's called responsibility, and you are advocating lack of same.    No I am not.    Do you feel that people who commit crimes should accept the punishment they receive?  I am saying others don't get to make them for me.   Well, we are bombarded everyday with choices that are made for us, I don't feel helpless because of that. There are even some laws that I don't particularly care for, but the government has decided FOR me that they are not to be tolerated. Part of life  Goody for you. Say what you want. Maybe I even agree with you that this is what she should do. However, when you start legalizing things like birth control or abortion she is longer able to do a damned thing because strangers have made that impossible.  Okay now, that "ggody for you" was OOZING with sarcasm, wasn't it? LOL I'm glad you agree that the woman SHOULD do the responsible thing. MEDICALLY necessary abortions are generally accepted by people from my side, it's the OTHERS that are the center of the argument (as far as I'M concerned). There are much better, more reliable methods of contraception now available for women to prevent pregnancy  You could have fooled me with your snotty "I am woman hear me roar" remark. Seems to me that you don't think should be strong and that you find it it amusing when they are.  C'mon, that was a good one!! :-D My wife happens to be spunky as hell and I like it believe it or not. I don't believe in treating women like second class citizens. It may be hard for you to believe, but I have more respect for women than you could even fathom. I've never felt they should bow down to anybody. The problem I have with this issue is that many women have turned it into a WE vs.THEM kinda thing, and it's just not necessary. JUST because a man doesn't believe in abortion, doesn't mean he is advocating the slavery of women, bu the leaders of your movement strongly believe that, and sadly, many of you do too.  I can quite comfortably say that I don't like you much.  AWWWWWWWW DARN, I was SO hoping I could get you to like me LMAO Anyway, that sure was an awfully strong thing to say, don't you think?  Disagreeing with you does not equate mental illness. How delusional! (which is a symptom of schizophrenia and bipolar disorders....)  Are you saying what I THINK you're saying? LOL  Not true. There are ways of determining when a woman is ovulating. There are also ways of stopping pregnancy.  Ovulation only gives you a better CHANCE of becoming pregnant, doesn't predict that you WILL be.   I note you don't respond to second part of my statement.  Well, it's kinda tough to respond to every word, but if you'd like to restate I'll certainly give it every consideration  No. Because it is relevant. If men and women are both promiscuous you insult both but only really only hold one accountable. You NEVER suggest putting a strangle-hold on the choices of men, nor would you.  Once again, not reading close enough. Because a woman sleeps with a guy she doesn't know and gets pregnant, there is but ONE person that CAN be responsible. Now, if womoen were a bit more selective and got to know a man first, who he is, what his character is, then he TOO wouold be responsible for the child, Even if no marriage occurred, you would know who he is and force, through the courts if necessary, him to have some responsibility.   aaaaah - so the answer is no  until you behave like one :-D  What did I lie about? I told you that I have never had an abortion and I told you the circumstances in which I would have one - and you pretty much called me a liar. So I said that you did not really care for your kids to give you a taste of your own medicine. I actually believe you that you do what you say.    Okay, you have a point. I reread my post. Actually, I didn't really mean it specifically about YOU, but that IS the thing that women say, and I was just noting that if all/most women say that, then who is having all those abortions? So, I do apologize if it appeared as if I was calling you a liar
Worldtraveler, I'll take this opportunity to apologize for my sarcasm. I guess I was kinda fired up dealing with others. I WILL say however, that if we take the time, we can over analyze everything. That's why I said your assertion was absurd-that's the way pregnancy works. If there are any better suggestions, I'd love to hear them. I would ask you, when a child is in the mother, does it not require her organs to survive up until the second it is born? If that be the case, then we get into the age old argument (for those on the left) of when does a child become a child? When it is actually born? If so, abortions for everyone whenever you like! I had a Liberal friend who looked at it from an environment point of view (somewhat similar to what you are saying), in that outside of the mothers womb (the fetus' environment) the fetus cannot survive, therefore it is not a living thing. Other than the obvious that if something cannot survive, it must be alive to begin with, this is totally absurd because WE can't live outside of OUR environment without assistance, so are WE not alive? We depend on nutrition from other living things to survive, are we not alive? It's just the way it works. My kids ask why do we have to eat (and on and on but why, but why....)-it IS just the way it is.   In summary, if I understand your point, you are saying that the fetus is not alive until birth. I'm not a Biology expert, but I DO recall there is no such thing as spontaneous life-it doesn't just appear out of nowhere. So, please tell me, where does life begin then?
Jitobear, I think you're right, we do agree more than disagree. I have to admit I was bothered by your post. Although I am basically an old-fashioned type of guy, I find the behavior your described to be disgusting, both that which was perpetrated on your grandmother and your mother and/or her sisters by your grandfather. And I am sorry to hear that you were the victim of a rape. I can't imagine what you went through, but it is certainly a testament to your strength that you have apparently survived it rather well-I applaud you. I could not agree with you more that women throughout history have not been treated well (to put it mildly). I do have two daughters and have, and will continue to, instill in them that no man should ever lay a hand on them, he has no right. I was lucky enough to have a father that also loves and respects his wife and he taught me well. MY wife has even said that she has given me reason to hit her and wondered why I never have-there is NEVER a reason for a man to hit a woman, OR to force himself on her.   Anyway, I'm glad you sent this most recent post so that I am able to understand your views better. I hope that you can see that my position is not one that embraces keeping a woman enslaved to a man's whim. Despite being a very conservative person (saying this because conservatives tend to be labeled a certain way), I find joy in all life (human and animal) and find the unnecessary taking of life to be repugnant (I even teach my kids not to go out of their way to kill even a bug-go figure LOL).  SO....TRUCE? (for now anyway LOL) :-D
The central point of my argument is against the idea that it is murder.  I must admit that I didn't get your point. Whether or not it is considered murder however, is not as important to me as the fact that it IS taking a life  Abortion is entirely legal under our current laws, and it would require a significant change in those laws to make it illegal.    I'm not a lawyer, but is it really "legal", as in laws that are enacted by state/federal legislatures, or is it "legal" because activist judges overstepped their authority?  I compliment you on your ability to offer a well thought out argument; however, in reference to your definition as to when "viable"life begins, it appears that the definition is well suited to your argument to give one an appearance that it is airtight. Don't get me wrong, it is compelling and is food for thought, not to mention a unique perspective to the debate. I'm sure you would agree that we all could define things to suit our argument  however in a democracy it is the will of the majority that governs what is or is not socially acceptable  SOCIALLY perhaps, but not necessarily legally or morally  I think it would be interesting to see what would happen if the issue of abortion was put to a national referendum.    I do as well, and I hope one day it is; however, I fear that a truly educated vote by the people might be impossible. The two sides certainly have their own agendas (naturally I believe mine to be correct) and want to win, leaving open the possibility and likelihood that one or both sides would object to facts that could hurt their respective views and would naturally want to suppress them from the people.
First off, I don't see how people can live with themselves after killin' something you know will grow into a human child. Especially if it has a heartbeat.   Another thing, if you give teenagers the option to have an escape goat for getting pregnant at an early age. They'll never learn!   Life is life and you take whats handed to you. If you try and change that, you get a screwed up place(hince the world).  But thats just my opinion.....
First off, I don't see how people can live with themselves after killin' something you know will grow into a human child. Especially if it has a heartbeat.   Another thing, if you give teenagers the option to have an escape goat for getting pregnant at an early age. They'll never learn!   Life is life and you take whats handed to you. If you try and change that, you get a screwed up place(hince the world).  But thats just my opinion..... Just a couple points of clarification...  o It may grow into post-birth human person. It may not.   o It can already be considered a human child before birth by commonly accepted definitions of the word 'child.'
Perhaps but by the time they have learned, it's far too late. Both for them and their unfortunate child who will start their life with one strike (or more) against them.   (I will take a stab in the dark and anticipate your counterpoint. Teenagers do a very poor job of learning from the mistakes of their peers. Having two or four teenagers screw up their life in this manner will not prevent the rest of the high school from having sex. IMO, I doubt that that this would prove to be much of an impetus for engaging in safer sex.)   Now, taking a step back I am not sure whether this is a legitimate reason for undergoing an abortion. I did say the child would start out life already behind his or her peers, but at least they are starting out.   Hmmmm...but is it really a child? Or is it just a lump of tissue with the potential to become a child? As someone who has seen the results of an early term miscarriage I would have to go with the latter (at least at that point in the pregnancy). Late-term....that gets tricky in a hurry. And I don't know how speaks to the legitimacy of abortion?   Whistler  Thinkin' more about this, I think you may have some good points. Teens may not, or shall I say, most likely will not learn from their mistake, but that shouldn't stop us from tryin'.   I think the "lump of tissue" is a child, if it has a heartbeat and all. Hmmm....this a very touchy subject, I wonder if we'll ever come to a stopping point and just say "Screw it!", or if we'll all just continue fighting over a subject that has everything to do with choice...
carla said: What is unique about the heart beat?  What is unique about heart beats is that ONLY LIVING THINGS HAVE ONE!
*NOTE*: THIS IS NOT FOR THE WEAK AT STOMACH :*NOTE*  Just read...  Dear Mommy, I am in Heaven now, sitting on Jesus' lap. He loves me and cries with me; for my heart has been broken. I so wanted to be your little girl. I don't quite understand what has happened. I was so excited when I began realizing my existance. I was in a dark, yet comfortable place. I saw I had fingers and toes. I was pretty far along in my developing, yet not near ready to leave my surroundings. I spent most of my time thinking or sleeping. Even from my earliest days, I felt a special bonding between you and me. Sometimes I heard you crying and I cried with you. Sometimes you would yell or scream, then cry. I heard Daddy yelling back. I was sad, and hoped you would be better soon. I wondered why you cried so much. One day you cried almost all of the day. I hurt for you. I couldn't imagine why you were so unhappy. That same day, the most horrible thing happened. A very mean monster came into that warm, comfortable place I was in. I was so scared, I began screaming, but you never once tried to help me. Maybe you never heard me. The monster got closer and closer as I was screaming and screaming, "Mommy, Mommy, help me please; Mommy, help me." Complete terror is all I felt. I screamed and screamed until I thought I couldn't anymore. Then the monster started ripping my arms off. It hurt so bad; the pain I can never explain. It didn't stop. Oh, how I begged it to stop. I screamed in horror as it ripped my leg off. Though I was in such complete pain, I was dying. I knew I would never see your face or hear you say how much you love me. I wanted to make all your tears go away. I had so many plans to make you happy. Now I couldn't; all my dreams were shattered. Though I was in utter pain and horror, I felt the pain of my heart breaking, above all. I wanted more than anything to be your daughter. No use now, for I was dying a painful death. I could only imagine the terrible things that they had done to you. I wanted to tell you that I love you before I was gone, but I didn't know the words you could understand. And soon, I no longer had the breath to say them; I was dead.I felt myself rising. I was being carried by a huge angel into a big beautiful place. I was still crying, but the physical pain was gone. The angel took me to Jesus and set me on His lap. He said He loved me, and He was my Father. Then I was happy. I asked Him what the thing was that killed me. He answered, "Abortion. I am sorry, my child; for I know how it feels." I don't know what abortion is; I guess that's the name of the monster. I'm writing to say that I love you and to tell you how much I wanted to be your little girl. I tried very hard to live. I wanted to live. I had the will, but I couldn't; the monster was too powerful. It sucked my arms and legs off and finally got all of me. It was impossible to live. I just wanted you to know I tried to stay with you. I didn't want to die. Also, Mommy, please watch out for that abortion monster. Mommy, I love you and I would hate for you to go through the kind of pain I did. Please be careful.   Love, Your Baby Girl   http://wajclan.topcities.com/abortion/abortion.html
carla said: What is unique about the heart beat?  What is unique about heart beats is that ONLY LIVING THINGS HAVE ONE!  Excellent post. Asking what is unique about a heart beat in the context of whether an emryo is alive or not is like asking what is significant about the engine running in the context of whether a car is running or not.
Heartbeat?..........You tell me? After you see this, you won't say no.
The research i clear, that there is no effect. Your concern for their mental health is appreciated.  Click here:  Adverse Effects of Abortion
This issue is very cut-and-dry. Either abortion is murder of a human or it is not. Few people will be swayed by these posts.  However, as far as who has put more thought into the issue, both sides have thoughtful and convincing posts. It seems that the pro-life side needs to work and think harder. The philosophy of the pro-life side is pretty straight forward, but the rebuttles (sp?) of the pro-choice statements require the understanding of the other side's points and a thoughtful response.  regards
This issue is very cut-and-dry. Either abortion is murder of a human or it is not. Few people will be swayed by these posts.  However, as far as who has put more thought into the issue, both sides have thoughtful and convincing posts. It seems that the pro-life side needs to work and think harder. The philosophy of the pro-life side is pretty straight forward, but the rebuttles (sp?) of the pro-choice statements require the understanding of the other side's points and a thoughtful response.  regards  While most people agree that late term abortion should be illegal, it becomes fuzzier as you progress backwards in the fetus development process. 50 years ago, premature babies of <7 months of development time typically died. As science has progressed, the survival rate for premature babies has improved dramatically and the gestation period of viability has been pushed back as well. Someday, we may be able to raise a fetus entirely outside of the womb. Will we not consider those babies to be alive when that day happens because we have established laws that say only fetuses that have made it to the third trimester are "alive"?  IMO, life begins when a unique cell is created by the combination of a human egg and a human sperm. Any other definition will have to be an arbitrary value that is dependent on the prevailing science at that particular moment in time.
..... There are many things to consider, including that giving the fetus rights can superscede the woman's right, and that the woman who is pregnant may have to suffer for those rights unwillingly.  And vice versa.
Regardless, both are true. All rights reduce the freedom of others, it is just up to society to decide which to uphold. But not many "rights" destroy the life of others.
But not many "rights" destroy the life of others. I'm sure somebody will respond that we simply don't know whether an embryo or fetus is a life or not, so this uncertainty should lead us to leave it up to the woman and her doctor, not politicians. In my view, an analogy leads me to think this is a horrible viewpoint. If you are a hunter and see something moving in the bushes but are not sure it is not human, what is the proper policy? Should the law leave it up to his discretion because we're not sure? Of course not--there should be a policy that says don't shoot unless you are CERTAIN it is not human.  What this issue amounts to is what is more important: a woman being able to get out of a bind she has gotten herself into, or protecting what may very well be a living human.
I don't think anyone will respond asking if it's alive. We've pretty much established that.  I think your analogy is flawed because the law doesn't consider the fetus a person, which would give it protection under the law.  Which issue is more important? The life of the mother or the life of creature inside that is unwanted and is a huge drain on the mother? I am not addressing the issue legally; I am addressing it morally, so my analogy is not flawed since it is not care how the law views the fetus.   This is not an issue of the life of the mother versus the life of the creature inside; in almost all cases of abortion whether the mother is going to live or not is a non-issue, so you distort the reality by trying to make it appear that her life or death is on the line.
I make it her life or death on the line because it can be that. If you agree that if the woman's life is at stake then abortion is indeed justified, we can talk about other aspects. I bring this up first because, quite frankly, it's the hardest for people to disagree with, and it forces them to understand that in *some* situations it is justified, even if not in others. It also lets me see exactly how reasonable the other person is :)  If you're a hunter alone, hunting a dangerous animal that can turn and kill you if it knows you are there and you hear a russle, wouldn't it be infinitly safer to shoot first? Pro-choice people use the "life of the mother" argument since everyone has sympathies in that situation, and those sympathies get used to convince people to be pro-choice when the reality is that in only a tiny percentage of abortions is the mother's life at stake. It is a distortion to talk about abortion in general in these terms. It hoodwinks people.  Looking at your extension of my analogy, how often does a fetus pose a threat to the life of the mother? Hardly ever. My analogy is intended to refer to abortion in general. Pro-choice people have to argue using the exceptions to make an appealing argument.
I would believe the woman is more important in every case I can think of.  In cases other than the life of the mother, I would disagree. I don't think that a woman's "right" to not be "mentally ready' for motherhood should supercede the rights of the fetus, but I'm sure you'll disagree.  emoticon_rolleyes
I don't think anyone will respond asking if it's alive. We've pretty much established that.  I think your analogy is flawed because the law doesn't consider the fetus a person, which would give it protection under the law. There are many states that have fetal homicide laws on the books. Check this out:  http://womensissues.about.com/cs/parentingfamily/a/aafetalhomicide.htm  Which issue is more important? The life of the mother or the life of creature inside that is unwanted and is a huge drain on the mother?  You keep saying "the life of the mother". In cases in which the mother would clearly die, I don't think that many would argue against the mother's choice. But, the choice we're discussing is the mother's convenience vs the fetus' life. BIG difference.
In cases other than the life of the mother, I would disagree. I don't think that a woman's "right" to not be "mentally ready' for motherhood should supercede the rights of the fetus, but I'm sure you'll disagree.  emoticon_rolleyes Right, and he just wrote me that he likes to check out pro-life people first to see if THEY are unreasonable.
Right, and he just wrote me that he likes to check out pro-life people first to see if THEY are unreasonable.  LOL. Not wanting people to kill babies is now "unreasonable"?  emoticon_confused
life of creature inside   I am laughing some more.  Watch out for the scary "creature inside!" It would make a good horror film.  Maybe BigFoot or the Boggy Creek Monster might be in there.
Galton, you acuse me of emotional blackmail when it is you and JP which say that I, and thus by extention all those who are pro-choice, want to "kill babies". The life and health of the mother is a real problem in some cases, while the term "fetus" is the appropriate medical term, and "baby" is only used to evoke emotional response.  Where did I say "kill babies" or "babies"? I scrupulously use the terms fetus and embryo because I don't like to spin. Even if I did say that, would my distorting the reality of abortion make it okay for you to do the same? And by the way, I think the use of the term "baby" for, say, an 8 month old fetus is a no-brainer.
Ah, I apologize. JP posted, replying to you when he said something about "killing babies".   Using the term "baby" is fine, usually. It is emotional blackmail when pro-lifers use it purely to further their cause, in my opinion. I agree that it creates a spin on the subject. I don't believe I am using the same emotional blackmail or distortion of reality discussing the life of the mother in terms of abortion, because it is a real issue. I am, among other things, trying to create some common ground we can agree to, since this is the easiest issue for both sides to come together on (though some still will not agree with it, which is beyond me). Well I am totally with you on cases where the mother's life is in danger.
 Anyway, back to the discussion. I'm glad you admited that abortion can be justified in some cases, in this case, when the life of the mother is at risk. I mention it for a few reasons, one of which that the ban on late term abortion (D&X procedure or "partial birth abortion" as pro-lifers call it) did not contain an exception for the life of the mother. Regardless on my opinion on the subject, I think this was a gross oversight, as I think you'll agree. Regardless of how rare it is, we should allow doctors to do their jobs and save their patients. Actually, I said "In cases in which the mother would clearly die, I don't think that many would argue against the mother's choice." You assumed that her choice was saving herself over her baby. I only said it was her "choice" in that instance.  Galton, you acuse me of emotional blackmail when it is you and JP which say that I, and thus by extention all those who are pro-choice, want to "kill babies". The life and health of the mother is a real problem in some cases, while the term "fetus" is the appropriate medical term, and "baby" is only used to evoke emotional response. Many doctors testified before Congress that "partial birth abortions" were NEVER necessary. Partial birth abortions were clearly defined, IMO.  That article is interesting, jp. I like  No problem. I aim to please. :)  This seems very irresponsible to me. The woman cannot have a necessary medical procedure because being pregnant makes it illegal. To me, the woman should at least have the choice between having the child and saving her own life. With these laws, there is no choice (This is the essence of what being pro-choice is, having choices) In reality, there are always choices. If the life of the mother i truly at risk, how many juries do you think would convict her? How many prosecutors would even charge her? You know, adultry is still a crime in many states, when was the last time that you heard about a prosecution of an adulterer?
Ah, I apologize. JP posted, replying to you when he said something about "killing babies".   Yes, that was my statement and I stand by it.  Using the term "baby" is fine, usually. It is emotional blackmail when pro-lifers use it purely to further their cause, in my opinion. I agree that it creates a spin on the subject. I don't believe I am using the same emotional blackmail or distortion of reality discussing the life of the mother in terms of abortion, because it is a real issue. I am, among other things, trying to create some common ground we can agree to, since this is the easiest issue for both sides to come together on (though some still will not agree with it, which is beyond me).  Ah yes, the "rhetoric" of pro-lifers. Don't you think that Pro-life is a more accurate reflection of their position than "Pro-choice" is of theirs? In the former, the goal is to preserve life. In the latter, the argument isn't the "choice' of whether or not to knit blue or pink booties, it's whether or not to commit fetal homicide. (Do you prefer that to baby killing?), so shouldn't they call themselves Pro-fetal homiciders to accurately reflect their goal? emoticon_confused
As much as religious extremists, fundamentalist nuts, pro suffering or pro unwanted children is of the 'pro-lifers'. Pro-life isn't about all life anyway, just human babies, and their quality of life and that of the parents is irrelevant to them. Why not just force women to have as many babies as possible as life is so important- what makes one group of unfeeling cells different from another, no sperm or egg should be wasted. All cells are alive and can respond to their environment,this isn't something special that happens at conception.   Taking the names to extremes on either side is ridiculous I cannot understand why pro-choice people constantly drift away from the real issue, and end up making all kinds of statements that cannot bear scrutiny. The real issue is the status of a fetus. If we could decide that it was a human being in the same sense that you and I are, arguing that legally allowing someone to choose to kill you since you will have a hard life in the future is crazy. If on the other hand, we could all decide that a fetus had the same status as, say, a tumor, nobody would object to you legally having the choice of removing that tissue for ANY reason. THE issue is the status of the fetus, period.
As one who feels that abortion should only be done in cases of rape or the rare occasion that it will cause death to the mother I find it ironic that anyone would suggest that using the term baby instead of fetus is an emotional spin.I have never heard of a woman giving birth to a bowling ball!I have a hard time dealing with the term pro-choice in the first place.She made her choice when she disrobed.PERIOD.I know a woman who has had Multiple abortions,what lesson has she learned.I think it is the pro-choice people who cloud the issue with trying to define when a fetus becomes a baby.Here it is.The moment the sperm penetrates the egg sack!Your choice is simple.If you dont want toast,keep you bread out of the toaster!I also know of two girls who had abortions after advice from adults who brainwashed and hoodwinked them with all their pro-choice ****,Oh you will regret it,it will ruin your life,you are too young,bla,bla,bla.They both now live with the regret and emotional scars that they can never correct.abortion is permanent!Have the BABY!If you find out you dont want it,there is adoption!Many people would give just about all they have for a BABY.
As much as religious extremists, fundamentalist nuts, pro suffering or pro unwanted children is of the 'pro-lifers'. Pro-life isn't about all life anyway, just human babies, and their quality of life and that of the parents is irrelevant to them.  OK, let's use your criteria, abortion is OK if it impacts the quality of the mother's" life. Now, should we sterilize all poor women? After all, a baby would certainly negatively impact their quality of life. How about all women with low IQs? Certainly it would be more difficult for them to raise a baby. How about we limit the number of babies allowed to 2 so that a four-seater car doesn't negatively impact their cabin comfort while driving? Are you seeing my point? Abortion for the "comfort" of the "mother" is a very nebulous term and one that has been abused greatly in the past.  Why not just force women to have as many babies as possible as life is so important- what makes one group of unfeeling cells different from another, no sperm or egg should be wasted. All cells are alive and can respond to their environment,this isn't something special that happens at conception.  All cells don't represent new, distinctively "Human" life.  Taking the names to extremes on either side is ridiculous Sugar-coating euphanisms for fetal homicide masks the truth. I believe in being accurate. YMMV.
"All cells don't represent new, distinctively "Human" life"  No such thing, seeing as we are being accurate here. Nothing magic happens that changes what was replicated cells from the parent into a happy bouncing baby. They just grow, nothing new is added that wasn't there before until much later. Your terms are just a nebulous as the superfical terms you picked to attempt to discredit my viewpoint, I just don't feel that I want to class something as human that could have cancer in the same definition. As far as I am concerened a person is more than a DNA code.   I disagree. Something "magic" does happen. http://www.visembryo.com/baby/hp.html  There is a great deal of times when an abortion is really beneficial to a family, not in some stupid example like you chose. If the mother is very young (12 for example seeing as we are picking extremes) and would have to drop out of school to have the baby and look after it, sacrificing her chance at a better life for herself and any future children. If the family really cannot afford another child and would be forced into bancruptcy, ruining the future of their children who can no longer afford any further education.  That's where adoption can help. There are lots of adoption agencies and foster homes available. I have yet to hear a convincing argument for killing the fetus that's based on socioeconomics. If we applied socioeconomic considerations to the taking of life, then shouldn't we go through trailer parks with Uzis? Of course not. The decision to take a life should NEVER be economic, IMO.  As for sugar coating, you are no different from any other religous extremist, wanting to enforce your view of the world on people who want to think for themselves rather than follow others blindly. I love being labeled a religious extremist. If you only knew. :)  An abortion will not affect you in the slightest, nor could it possibly ever so why should it be your choice rather than the mothers? That is the main argument for prochoice. Then, by extension of your logic, I shouldn't care if your spouse shoots you dead in the street tomorrow. Or if some nut decides that he wants to take out all minorities one by one. Since I'm not a member of any mionority, who cares, right? After all, it doesn't affect me in the slightest either.  -As for you King Triton, how many babies have you adopted? Approaching double figures yet?  And how many abortions have YOU paid for?
Couldn't find the magic bit, can you speicify a bit better where? Sorry, if you don't see the process as something magical, I can't help it. I always find the creation of life awe-inspiring.  There are far more children up for adoption than familes to accept them, banning abortion will increase this even further. We aren't talking about economics on a society level, the descion to take a life shouldn't be economic, but it is. Or at least the descion to keep one is because these are the rules life works on. But you're wrong. We are talking about economics on a societal level and that's NOT where the argument should focus. Pro-abortion advocates point to the cost in $ to individuals and Pro-Life advocates point to the cost to society in lives. As for an increase in the number of babies to be adopted, I'd be far more willing to pay for their care, then to pay for their abortion.  Sorry if you are atheist, but the vast majority of pro-lifers are religious, and I see little difference between them forcing their (in my view) baseless ideals on me than the Islamic fundamentalists wanting to create a completely muslim world. I'm not an atheist either. Not everybody who is Pro-Life is a religious fanatic. I'm a Catholic, but I wouldn't say a devout one by any stretch of the imagination. :)   You examples are different, you may fall under one of those examples- you will want protection in case your spouse does the same or if soemone decides to pick on your neighbourhood. With abortion this is totally different, there is no way you would ever be forced to have an abortion so it always remains you right to choose whether to have kids or not. Nothing is being forced on you nor could it be. It is exactly equivalent. Your criteria was that it didn't affect me, so why should I care. Your spouse blowing you away doesn't affect me either. I fail to see where the two are different.  Again, i don't have to pay for abortions as I am not forcing my choice on anyone- its my choice, I pay for it. However if you are forcing a choice on someone and expecting other people to pick up the slack- shouldn't you be doing all you can to support your position? I'm not forcing my "choice" on anyone. I would like a consistent definition on when life begins. If it is decided that life begins at viability, for example, then I want those committing homicide on a viable fetus to be punished just like any other murderer. I pay for people to be incarcerated now, so I have no problem paying for prisons to house them.
As much as religious extremists, fundamentalist nuts, pro suffering or pro unwanted children is of the 'pro-lifers'. Pro-life isn't about all life anyway, just human babies, and their quality of life and that of the parents is irrelevant to them. Why not just force women to have as many babies as possible as life is so important- what makes one group of unfeeling cells different from another, no sperm or egg should be wasted. All cells are alive and can respond to their environment,this isn't something special that happens at conception.   Taking the names to extremes on either side is ridiculous  This may seem to be based in religion, most of it is, but there is also a legal arguement against abortion, throwing all morals out the windows, babies are people. Something special DOES happen at conception. It is the creation of a new life. Just because the baby "fetus" cannot protest against its brethren being killed, isn't just cause to allow it to happen. As for the comments about how no sperm or egg should be wasted, that is completely irrelevant as the individual cells cannot develop into a person. The two combined is a special event that creates a new life.    As for sugar coating, you are no different from any other religous extremist, wanting to enforce your view of the world on people who want to think for themselves rather than follow others blindly.    I think it's a common trend for pro-fetal homiciders to call everyone who is against killing religious fanatics. I feel that the sad thing is that so many pro-fetal homiciders say they are for womens rights. I just haven't heard them say they are against the rights of the weakest members of society for some reason.  As for the women's rights, sure, equality is awesome, something worth fighting for, but when you use the name of something noble and right to justify the killing of innocent humans beings, that is just wrong.
They aren't members of society yet, while human they are not people. During a long period of time they are incapable of any kind of higher thought (I am pretty sure that no abortions are done after this point anyway except in medical emergancies). However the mother is, so her rights take precedent over the organism inside her that will eventually become a person and a member of society. Then it will have rights, but not before. Well, that's my view anyway.  Let me address your statement about them not deserving protection because they aren't people from a different perspective. If higher order of thought was a key factor, then why are there laws against torturing animals? Did you know that it's a felony to "abuse" an animal in many states, let alone kill it.  http://www.lisaviolet.com/cathouse/cruelty.html Do you think that animals should be provided more rights than a developing human being? emoticon_confused
I wasn't aware it was legal to torture embryos :P  Aren't I within my rights to, at any time, have my dog put to sleep?  Not unless you do so more humanely than abortionists put fetuses to sleep. I'd imagine that the SPCA would have you arrested if you crushed your dog's skull and sucked out its brain like they do in partial birth abortions or injected a strong saline solution into the dog and caused it to explode due to changes in internal osmotic pressure.So, you see. You can torture a fetus, but NOT a dog. emoticon_confused
Not unless you do so more humanely than abortionists put fetuses to sleep. I'd imagine that the SPCA would have you arrested if you crushed your dog's skull and sucked out its brain like they do in partial birth abortions or injected a strong saline solution into the dog and caused it to explode due to changes in internal osmotic pressure.So, you see. You can torture a fetus, but NOT a dog. emoticon_confused Yeah, your point brings to mind Hitler. He was a vegetarian, loathed the kosher method of slaughtering animals, and was known to totally dote on his pet dog--all while he killed millions of people.
How can killing babies even be arguable. It shocks me that some people are so blind.
If the fetus isn't mentally aware of what is happening as far as it is concerned it isn't. Just to play extreme devils advocate (as I am actually pro-life), would that mean I could go out and drug someone, and then kill them while they were unconscious, as they wouldn't be mentally aware of what is happening?  :p  PS- sorry!
Well lets see here lets take a little look here at what i found here at this website http://www.eurowrc.org/06.contributions/1.contrib_en/32.contrib.en.htm  and this is what is says: "Every minute in the United States, 1.3 adult women are raped; 78 women are raped every hour; 1,871 women are raped every day; 56,916 women are raped every month; 683,000 women are raped every year. (Crime Victims Research and Treatment Center of the National Victim Center, 1992)."  Now these women and teenagers that may have had a great life. They may have had a dream of becoming someone. They may be a good student at a good high school or college. They have been waiting all of their lives for. But...But but but...all of those dreams, goals, intentions, emoticon_xkill all shot down because some guy couldnt control his hormones and made them pregnant. Not only does that destroy you mentally. It also destroys you physically. They have to have this baby because they could not get an abortion and have that fetus, which was not their's to want, could save a life of a person. They could save them from: cancer, bone thinning, organ failure etc. But no..no...no...no...because people think that only teens are just fooling around and not thinking and having unprotected sex. They should make abortions illegal. Thats definatly not my opinion  Nice emotional argument, but unfortunately, lacking in fact. The chances of pregnancy as a result of rape are extremely small. Lots of research is available should you doubt the veracity of my statement.
because some guy couldnt control his hormones and made them pregnant.  WHOA NELLIE! Careful here, if you are saying that rape occurs because SOME men can't control their hormones, then you open the door to ME saying that women shouldn't dress sexy to entice a man. Then I can say that women who are drenched with all sorts of hormones during their period can control their moods. Then I can say that rape ISN'T a crime, just like women who go nuts with "PMS" and kill. SO, I expect in light of that, you'd be more than happy to take back THAT statement
Ok your right, I probably should of read that one over, but i believe the rest still stands.  Well, JP rightfully pointed out that the percentage of rape victims becoming pregnant are VERY small, so it really doesn't carry much weight when trying to argue for the "right" to have an abortion
You are correct, but contingency must be in place to deal with it when it occurs.  Look at what happened in Eire with "Case X" in 1992- what happens when a country with the most restrictive abortion laws in Europe has to face up to the issue of pregnacy as a consequence of rape:  http://www.prochoiceforum.org.uk/ireland6.asp  Pages 12-13 of this EU report (Adobe Acrobat reader required):  http://www.newr.bham.ac.uk/pdfs/Reproductive/report%20from%20Bremen.pdf  I'm perplexed. The article makes it sound like the trip to England from Ireland has to be done bare-footed in the winter. It's a couple of hours drive, tops, right? Doesn't sound like too much of a hardship to me if Ireland doesn't want abortions performed inside of its borders.
Unless you can drive across the Irish Sea I think it would take a bit longer.  What, no car ferries in Ireland?
The article carries a bias but the journey can take considerable time- it was about 20 hours each way to Connemara (West Coast) when I went from Leeds (Central Britain). This was by Coach/ferry.  I don't think the travel is that much of an issue per sae (a flight is much quicker) its more the fact that the Girl, already in very unfortunate circumstances was forced to make the journey at all.  Wow, it is much more of an ordeal than I realized. I could see how that would be trying for a young pregnant girl, but I still wouldn't favor changing the law for the rare exception. Thank you for the clarification.
It is an absract concept, but I draw attention to the fact that no man can speak on this issue with the perspective that a woman can by virtue of the fact they can never be pregnant.  So I suggest that it is very easy to say something is wrong when you cannot appreciate the fullness of the issue- a man will never be placed in the situation where they will be pregnant but do not wish to have a baby at that point.  By your logic, do I have to be a murdered to understand that murder is wrong? This "walk a mile in my sandals" stuff is just BS. I don't have to be a woman to view abortion as NOT being moral.
You can view abortion as immoral.   Since you yourself can be murdered and don't want to be murdered, acting to prevent murder is perfectly valid. You can never be pregnant, you can never have an abortion. Since you would never and can never be put in that situation, you should not be the one to decide for others.  You're arguing the "walk a mile in my sandals" point once again. No, I, personally, will never be pregnant, just as I'll never become a drunk, drug addist or axe murderer. But I can still make an educated judgement based on what I do know. I'm a father of three, lived through three pregnancies and three natural childbirths. I even got to cut ambilical cords. I've gotten as close to being pregnant and experiencing birth as a male can, but that isn't necessary. Judges, who aren't drug addicts, sit in judgement of drug addicts every day, for example. I DON'T have to have experienced the event firsthand to form an opinion on the morality of it.
I'm not entirely sure what the "walk a mile in my sandals" point is. The tired old argument that someone can't possibly know what someone else is going through without out having experienced it firsthand.bla.bla.bla...with the assertion that if you can't know, you can't, therefore, judge that person's behavior.  You can possibly be any of those things, except be pregnant. Either gender can be drug addicts, either gender can be axe murderers, etc. Only one gender can become pregnant. I don't get the point. Many women NEVER experience pregnancy either. Should they, also, be excluded from making a decision regarding abortion? I'm not following the logic, sorry. emoticon_confused   You can learn about a subject and have an opinion, but if it does not involve you I do not believe you should be making decisions about it. If you are physically unable to be murdered and I can be murdered, I would hope that my opinion would carry more weight than yours. In fact, I believe I should make decisions regarding it instead of you. I'm guessing that you'll never experience the draft or being called up for military duty. Does that mean that you abstain from voicing your opinions on anything relatd to the military? Or, if there's a Federal initiative to give more money to the poor and you're not poor, should you abstain from that decision as well? Of course not. Such a position is absurd.   We empower judges to do these things regardless of their experience. So we give judges powers that you don't think individuals should possess? emoticon_confused   How many ways must I say it? Sure, form an opinion about it as we all do about everything. However, unless you are the one that will be bound by this law, you should not decide what the law is. That is my belief, anyway. I'll never be a member of a minority, so any laws favoring miinorities will never be applicable to me. Should I abstain from the law-making process on all issues regarding minorities?  emoticon_confused   Everything that you argued above centers on the belief that you HAVE to be able to experience something before you can be part of the law-making process that regulates that behavior/situation. Sorry, I don't buy it. As a US citizen, I have the right to voice my opinion and use my ability to influence legislation that I support, regardless of whether or not I'm personally effected. If we adopted your thinking, only property owners could participate in decisions regarding property taxes. Only business owners could participate the development of business regulations. Only Native Americans could participate in matters pertaining to Native Americans, etc., etc., That is an impossible way to run a county and establish its laws.
Your confused because you cannot separate have experienced with are able to experience   I give up. Perhaps your moniker is too accurate. "impervious to logic" emoticon_rolleyes
People need to be more educated on the points they try to make before they most them. I keep seeing people try to make this "skin scraping" arguement, which is completely flawed and made by those who have little to no biological education. A skin scraping cannot develop into a human being, though every human cell contains DNA, only the zygote is capable to replicating itself and developing into a human being. Once this course is set on its path (the sperm has fertilized the egg) then it has become an independent form of human life. I separate individual. Now this individual does rely on its mother for the next 9 months, but that is not an argument for it being not an individual. This child also depends on people for many years after this as is grows and matures. Contrary to common belief, human fetuses do respond to pain. Under no circumstance should the life of one innocent human being be put behind the life of another for their own personal, financial or psychological reasons. It's so easy for someone to single out someone else who cannot speak back for themself, but in this case someone could also fight for the ability to euthanize disabled people who cannot speak for themselves so they can rid themselves of the burden of taking care of them. We must stand up for the rights of the fetus, remember, we all started off as one, what if you had been aborted? please feel free to view my abortion pics at: http://vek.rrnet.net/gallery/Abortion
a baby lives inside of you and is part of you there is a diffrernce between a human life and a kidney. you are killing an innocent child when you have an abortion. you arent when you have a kidney transplant
I think abortion is wrong because most girls are using it to get out of situations that they knew the consequences of. If you are out there having unprotected sex then you are more likely to get pregnant than someone who is not, and everyone knows that. If you are having sex at a young age and get pregnant even though you used protection, you know that condoms protect you from getting pregnant by a certain percentage. These kids are out here having sex and know what can happen. When it does happen they think well i will just go have an abortion and that will be the end of it. I have a friend who is sexually active, and we had a discussion about abortion. She said the minute that she finds out she is pregnant she will go to the clinic and get the abortion. is this a good reason to get an abortion? if so tell me how and let me know. Yes it will be the end of it, but is it morally right? What is the difference from killing a baby because you do not want it and going out and killing someone. If you really think about it there is not a difference. If you are going to go out the and start having sex, make sure you are ready for anything because you never know what can happen.
Well, I am someone who is sticking up for the fetus's rights. There's not a lot that children could do about child-labor, but luckily someone spoke up in their behalf. Same thing for child abuse. The child isn't going to go up to the courthouse and say "Can I get an attorney? My dad beats me." I mean, I'm guessing that a lot of abused children don't even call the police!  This argument that "the fetus isn't standing up for itself, so they get the shaft" is just rediculous, and I suggest you don't use it again because I don't think it helps convince people of your opinion. I mean, that argument is just a horrible argument, the way you put it. It sounds pretty horrible (even though I believe it's inhumane in fact, not just appearance... That's a different matter.). Your argument would be better if you said something like "think of the rape victim and her rights" or something like that.
Or perhaps you might say, "Ah-HAH! But sometimes those kids speak up about it when they're older!" And my response would be "What are fetuses when they grow up?"
(I don't feel threatened by people who disagree with my worldview... I am not a sheep.) Children are not willing participants in such abuse and nor do they desire it. And fetuses desire abortion? See, your argument is flawed. Fetuses don't desire abortion, if we assume that all* living organisms have the instinct to survive, even if that survival instinct is as simple as "Detect chemical. Secret enzyme. Digest chemical."   I simply asked why do fetus's deserve rights outside the demands and reasons of the pro-life movement I don't know that anyone is fighting for the rights of fetuses to free speech and voting for President, if that's what you're asking... I think that the reason you only received bad replies is that your question is sort of assinine. Pro-Life people (and everyone looking out for fetus' rights) are only concerned with the right to life, so your question is very confusing. So, if you could clarify...    *I would've put "virtually all" but I can't think of a counter-example and it sounds better without the word "virtually"...
Well, in response, I would ask, "What would a baby want?"  Your question is kind of strange, since fetuses are pretty warm and well taken care of (well, usually) while inside the womb. They don't desire too much. Your question seems unrelated, even though you think you're making a good point by saying "Well, then, if you can't even talk about what they desire besides what pro-lifers say, then you can hardly say they desire anything at all." This argument isn't very solid.  But I maintain that it is in the best interest of the fetus to not be aborted. I mean, come on! What, you think that death is better than life? Especially when that life is just starting?  I am saying this in response to your argument, pseudo. I don't plan to base my whole viewpoint solely on "life is better than death" but to imply that death is better than life in the interest of the fetus is just absurd.
You can hardly say that it is not in the best interest of the fetus to live.  The REAL disagreement between pro-lifers and pro-choicers is whether the interests of the mother supercede the interests of the fetus. I mean, if we just busy ourselves with pointlessly absurd questions like your own, then we aren't going to make any progress toward whatever is the correct moral view.
But that's the same as saying that babies don't desire anything, seeing as they don't even have the intelligence of a dog when they're very young.  Must I repeat? It is in the best interests of a fetus to not be aborted. It is in the best interest of a child to not drink lead water. The child might not understand what lead poisoning is, but that doesn't mean that people can't speak on behalf of children whose dare-care center has lead contamination in the water supply. I mean, the idea is sort of absurd. I mean, if a fetus can't speak up for his/herself, does that mean that noone else can?
I don't believe that babies understand squat.
But that is besides the point. Your argument that you can't speak on behalf of someone who can't speak for themselves is an argument that has no legal basis. If you were correct, then the courts wouldn't hear cases from people who sue the Navy on behalf of marine animals who were (allegedly) injured or killed by naval sonar testing.
What you just said is a reasonable argument (although I disagree with both the assumptions and the conclusions of your argument). But that's not what Pseudo was originally saying.
What about someone who is sedated? They are not conscious, and are not capable of thinking since their higher brain functions are disabled.
"The first part of your point is well taken, even if unproven and somewhat unconvincing. There is plenty of doubt about and quite a bit of circumstantial evidence for the presence of fetal consciousness."  You won't find fetal consciousness in the majority of abortions performed.   One is one too many IMO.    "As a white heterosexual male, I could make a compelling case against any concern for women, minorities and gays if I read your argument correctly."  You could if the minorities, women and gays never asked for such rights in the first place. So, I ask once again, who's asking for these rights? Is it the fetus?  So, by your "logic", if something is incapable of asking for help, it shouldn't be helped? Where's my club? I have a date with some baby seals, snail darters, bald eagles, giant redwoods, dolfins, mute people and pets.  emoticon_rolleyes
Sorry, pseudo, but you didn't really address what jpsarte was talking about. People stand up for lots of things that don't have consciousness, let alone the ability to speak out about their rights, yet you seem to say that it is not acceptable for anyone to stand up for the rights of the human unborn.
Sorry, pseudo, but you didn't really address what jpsarte was talking about. People stand up for lots of things that don't have consciousness, let alone the ability to speak out about their rights, yet you seem to say that it is not acceptable for anyone to stand up for the rights of the human unborn.  Thanks for trying to keep pseudo on topic. If you only protect those who can scream for their own protection, we're all in trouble.
Well, trees don't experience anything. But destroying the tree affects animals that depend on the tree. The future adult that the fetus will grow into sure is dependent on that fetus!
My apologies if I seem to be skipping over a bunch of open issues in this thread, but I felt the need to at least voice an alternate P.O.V.:  If a man and woman choose to engage in an activity that any rational individual understands can have undesired "sideeffects" do we as a society, even as individuals, hold them responsible for the unintended results?  For example: a man and woman are engaged in an act that involves considerable repetitve motions, ends with a rather large "bang", and leaves both of them satisfied...unfortunately their having cut down the 75' oak tree between their houses crushes the neighbor's 5 year old child and dog when it falls into the wrong yard. Do we hold the man and woman responsible for the death of that child and family pet? darn tootin' we do, not only that if it can be shown that there was gross negligence the crime is even more severe.  Let's roll this forward to the following example: again a man and woman are engaged in an act that requires considerable repetitive motions, ends with a rather large "bang", and leaves them both satisfied...unfortunately she (or rather they) ends up pregnant...should we hold her (or at least them?) responsible? Or do we let them off the hook by terminating a very probable new life?  I have been through the entire gamut of issues with my wife, we've had ectopics, spontaneous abortions, medically necessary D&C (fetus died inutero), home births, and a C-section.... we have four kids (I have a good job, stable family, yada yada yada) - so my opinion may be tinted by that. But I still see it in terms of responsibility, if you chose (see the loophole for rape here?) to engage in an activity that could have undesired results, you should be held accountable if an accidental (!!?) pregnancy results. Basically - suck it up for nine (nearer to 10 according to MDs) months and put the child up for adoption, or find a family member willing to take the child,...or (Oh No..!) keep it. Responsibility people...sometimes life sucks, sorry.  Your economic position in life, level of schooling, family environment -- none of that matters in ANY other event where the individual is at 'fault' for the outcome..why is pregnancy any different?
I love it. "Suck it up people, your rights are only reduced for a little while". The gov't should not remove/violate a woman's rights in this manner, even to ensure the survival of another. That is a step towards fascism.  So you feel you have the right to do what you want with no consequuences?  A pregnancy and child should always be wanted  That is the pro-life position.  The pro-life argument is severly lacking in compassion for women. Everywhere, I see "Deal with it", "Suck it up", "Well it was her fault for having sex" and "if its illegal it won't kill that many women". The uncaring and inconsiderate nature almost chokes me with anger.  I agree that we should not view pregnancy as a punishment. It is not good for a baby to be raised in contempt. But it seems to me that at least the baby has a chance to live if an abortion doesn't take place. You say that the pro-life argument is lacking compassion for women, but to pro-lifers, a woman having an abortion has a severe lack of compassion for a baby. Why do pro-choice women have to see life as a choice between herself and the baby? Why does it have to be an either/or scenario?
Originally posted by Sigma Idiotic. Let me propose an alternate example.....    Sigma, let me get this right, you are implying that the 'responsibility' is not the woman's (or the person who left the keys in the lock) but rather the health care worker or the police officer? To place responsibility (the way I described it in my post) you would take your examples to their logical completion: The ambulance workers treat her (it is their job), send her a bill and the Insurance company refuses to cover the cost making it her responsibility to cover it. Or, the home owner left their keys in the lock - the police work to find the burglar (it is their job) but the insurance company refuses to replace the lost items due to negligence - the responsibility is on the owner.  Originall posted by Sigma I love it. "Suck it up people, your rights are only reduced for a little while"....   ummm...at least you used a lower case 'r'. You have NO RIGHTS in a criminal case in which you are found liable or negligent...you go to prison. Comparatively, it is no longer "just your body" if a woman gets pregnant, and therfore a DIFFERENT set of governing 'rights' is involved. You chose to commit an act that could possibly change the status of your body, guess what - it worked..there are now two people you are responsible for. Your 'rights' are not reduced at all...your responsibilities are dramatically increased.  Originally posted by Sigma Because pregnancy should never never never be a punishment for having sex. It should not be a punishment, period. A pregnancy and child should always be wanted and motherhood should always be entered into willingly. It should never be forced by the gov't, and it should never be entered into because one has no other choice.  The pro-life argument is severly lacking in compassion for women. Everywhere, I see "Deal with it", "Suck it up", "Well it was her fault for having sex" and "if its illegal it won't kill that many women". The uncaring and inconsiderate nature almost chokes me with anger.   Pregnancy isn't a punishment, it is a natural result of a process of events that the woman chose to initiate, it is also a result of events that may not be of her chosing (rape, incest, etc...) but that is a slightly different topic - and my previous post allows that this is only relevant to CHOICES that we make.  It is a utopian fantasy that a child and a pregnancy should always be wanted. The woman had the CHOICE to not have sex - if that particular need is that great, there are a multitude of alternatives that are GUARANTEED to not result in pregnancy.   Further mine is not a Pro-Life position - mine is a realist. I for one am not against abortion in the case of rape or incest, immediate danger to the maternal host, or non-viability of the fetus.  Can you honestly tell me that it wasn't (at least partially) "her fault" if she chose to have sex? We could branch into success rates of condoms, partner responsibility, and myriad other things...but at the root of all those avoidance measures it still comes down to - She CHOSE knowing what COULD happen.  Have you looked into the ACTUAL abortion figures that started this whole 'mess'? (one of the original Pro-Choice founder has admitted to grossly falsifying the numbers)  And finally, please don't infer that I - or anyone involved with any group - does not have compassion for women. I know how difficult it is to be pregnant when you don't wish to be - my wife and I were there TWICE before we got married (one was ectopic, the other died 15 days before we realized it and had to be removed via D&C -- NOT pretty).   And why is the desire for people to accept their responsibility uncaring or inconsiderate? While that is an easy statement to make - it is an impossible statement to support.
However all apart from the tree will suffer due to your clubbing and will be aware of your doing so, the tree sneaks in by providing a habitat for things that will suffer if you kill off the tree. The undeveloped fetus neither feels or experiences anything and so ranks lower in order of things to be protected (unless it is desired by concious beings wanting a child) than the stuff you mentioned. Now you're realy starting to scare me. You think we should protect trees but NOT fetuses. I'd say you need to do a little introspection on that one.  emoticon_rolleyes
.... Because the fetus' use of her body is in direct conflict with the woman's use of her body. Constantly. The fetus' use of her resources denies her the use of those resources. For the gov't to enter into it, it would have to necessarily enforce the rights of one and violate the rights of the other. A fetus is not recognized as a person under the constitution and thus has no rights to violate. However, even if it did, the woman's right to her body should come first before anyone else's rights to her body.  Actually, the fetus is recognized as a person in many instances. Just last week, Scott Peterson was convicted of 2nd degree murder for killing Laci's fetus....and that was in the Republik of Kalifornia. To further delute your argument, the government NOW can forcably prevent you from killing yourself ,against your will, so it can be argued that you don't even have full rights to your own body, let alone the fetus'.   Ideally, the woman would allow, nay, welcome the addition to her body, but in the pregnancy relationship the woman's rights are paramount. If she does not want to be involved in the life-support function she is involved in, the gov't should never force her to continue. I disagree. It is her responsibility. She can't just wish her responsibility away. Abortion takes responsibility out of the equation and that is just plain wrong, IMO.  Unless the fetus can be removed and live without living off of her life processes, their use of her body are in constant conflict. Unless the pregnancy causes real physical damage to the mother that includes the risk of death, I'd say the fetus' right to live supercedes the comfort of the mother.
No. I feel pregnancy and childbirth should not be legislated, and I feel that the fetus' right to a woman's body should not be legally greater than her own.  It's not legislated and it never has. Read Roe v Wade; legislation is on the side of abortionists.  Then do not legislate it into one.  Again, pro-choicers are the one that have tried to do all the "legislating."  So her lack of compassion justifies your own? Two wrongs make a right?  We aren't discussing my level of compassion, which seems to be higher than yours anyway given your hateful and callous view of a baby.  Because the fetus' use of her body is in direct conflict with the woman's use of her body. Constantly.  Only because you are determined to see it that way. Ultimately, this argument is always going to go back to the selfish refusal to see how bringing a baby in the world is a beautiful thing. Like it or not, the motivations of pro-lifers are pretty much always to save lives.  Ideally, the woman would allow, nay, welcome the addition to her body, but in the pregnancy relationship the woman's rights are paramount. If she does not want to be involved in the life-support function she is involved in, the gov't should never force her to continue.  Like a woman is ever going to be forced to do that. Get real. You already have your precious right to kill your unborn baby. It's intact, so you can rest easy now.  The issue of abortion is so cut and dry, my youngest child, when he first heard about an abortion, knew it was wrong without having to be taught it. It's a no-brainer. He is three and he heard the word 'abortion' somewhere and asked me what it was.   I said "well, it's when a woman gets rid of the baby growing inside of her."   "But what happens to the baby?" He asked.  "Well, it doesn't get to grow up," I said.  He was sad. Children have an uncanny sense of right and wrong sometimes. Oh I could have called it a "fetus" and been politically correct and all, but that would not have changed the fact that it still doesn't get to grow up and live life.
No, children have a self-centered view of the world where they believe what they believe is right and wrong is what everyone else believes is right and wrong. Children don't have a firm grasp of the world, I'm afraid.  In some cases they have a better grasp of the world. They often know it is wrong to kill. They often have a sense that war for no good reason is wrong. And it's hard to call that self-centered as you have.  Even pro-choicers often call abortion wrong. Too bad you can't.
I am not talking about the comfort of the mother.  No, but he is, and he's right. Abortion because the mother is uncomfortable is selfish, regardless of the law. And you know it.  I am talking about the right of the mother to not be forced into becoming a mother. I am talking about a woman's right to not be the life-support system for another against her will and without her consent.  Sigh. Listen to yourself for a second. What if a doctor refused life-support to you if you needed it, and so you died? If pro-choicers who resorted to this sort of rhetoric only had a sense of how unbelievably self-centered it sounds. It's not that the pro-choice stance is necessarily a bad one on paper. It's just that some of it's supporters use the pro-choice mentality as a way to justify their selfishness and desire to thumb their noses at others. All people are asking for is a sense of respect and acceptance of how precious life is, espcially a life that can grow into a child, a teenager, an adult, and live a full life. I don't understand why the pro-choice movement can't take their stance in way that is not so disrespectful of life and sound so hateful. There has to be a better way.  There is no doubt that the pro-choice movement would have a lot less opposition today and would have gotten a lot farther if they would only stop acting so self-centered in their rhetoric, such as the way you have responded here. I really think it is possible to argue the pro-choice position in a respectful and kind way, even in a way that respects life. Unfortunately, your posts don't do that at all, and are the sort that probably hurts the pro-choice movement as much as anything, because it just turns more people against you.   I can't help but feel sorry for you, not because you are pro-choice, but because of the way you argue from the standpoint of what appears to be total disregard for the life of an unborn child.  There has to be a better way for pro-choicers than this.
The Supreme Court decided that the fetus is not a 'person' under the constitution. Any other court decision that establishes personhood is unconstitutional. Really?  Bush Signs Fetus Rights Legislation  By JENNIFER LOVEN Associated Press Writer April 1, 2004, 7:10 PM EST WASHINGTON -- President Bush invoked the case of pregnant murder victim Laci Peterson on Thursday as he signed legislation expanding legal rights of the unborn. "The suffering of two victims can never equal only one offense," Bush said. ..  Do try to keep up, please. ;)  If you want to kill yourself, there is little anyone can do to stop you. If you are killing yourself in such a way that others can stop you, it is a cry for help rather than a desire to kill yourself. That is why the law is in place. To further dilute your example, killing yourself has real negative effects such as leaving a body, disrupting traffic, etc which would justify having a law. Abortion affect no member of society except the woman. If you jump off a building and don't die, the gov't will do everything it can to keep you alive. Suicide is illegal. Talking about dispupting traffic, etc., is just plain lame. :(  Can the gov't force you to pierce your ears? To take drugs against your will, even to save your life? To donate organs against your will? To donate blood against your will? Yes, as a matter of fact it can force you to take drugs against your will. How many examples would you like to read?   The gov't should not and does not have those powers. They should not and do not have the power to force women to remain pregnant.  In your opinion....... Fortunately for us, yours isn't the only one that matters.  Abortion can be responsible. It is responsible to look down the road and decide that one cannot take care of a child at this point in her life. That she cannot afford, either mentally emotionally physically or financially to be pregnant. Carrying a child is more responsibility, obviously, but that does not mean that it is the responsible choice. Abortion is like closing the gate after the horse has escaped. The time to be responsible is before an unwanted pregnancy occurs. Now, I'm sure that you're going to argue that women should have "the right to unfettered sex" and I'd agree.......as long as they were responsible enough to deal with the consequences.   Wrong is opinion. To the woman having one, it is the right decision. So you can take your opinion and shove it :) Agreed, wrong is an opinion, IMO. And there's no need to get testy. ;)  I am not talking about the comfort of the mother. I am talking about the right of the mother to not be forced into becoming a mother. I am talking about a woman's right to not be the life-support system for another against her will and without her consent. If she can't handle the possible consequences, then she shouldn't be engaging in sex. The same goes for her partner.
Between the fetus and the woman, an abortion is never a practice of selfishness.   Improper analogy. Abortion isn't selfish.  You don't think that killing a life that would grow up just for the comfort of a woman is selfish? It's one of the most selfish acts I can think of!  Are we speaking pro-lifers? Most pro-lifers do not find fetal life to be exceptionally precious on an absolute basis but instead a conditional one. So before you force others to comply with your belief perhaps you pro-lifers should collectively practice your belief first. Then perhaps others will find substance behind the messenger who sends the message.  In what way do most pro-lifers view the life of the fetus precious "conditionally?" I don't think you can back that one up.   The reason many people are pro-life in the first place is because they believe the life of the baby is precious. Hence the name "pro-life." And they tend to feel that saving lives is often the better choice over killing life just to be more comfortable.  The main opposition comes from the theocrats in the Vatican, who regardless of any reason of why women have abortions, oppose it and even more so here in America then any other. Support for our movement has grown while yours continues to decay despite your multi-million dollar efforts, protests, terrorism and beliefs in the last thirty some years.  Most people, by far (including pro-lifers) are not out to take your right to abortion away for ANY reason as you claim. (But you know this, most likely--your over-the-top rhetoric is so noted.) And what you call terrorism is a drop in the bucket compared the very act of abortion itself which has killed millions of babies by now--terrorism at its worst. And I would think that the last election, about values, would be a wake up call for your movement. You aren't winning anymore--soon enough the vicious and horrible practice of partial-birth abortion will be outlawed.  Again, the main problem with your message is simply the pro-choice attitude, which seems to often be about spite and hate toward others, and callous disregard for unborn babies. Like I said, there has to be a better way than that.
Between the fetus and the woman, an abortion is never a practice of selfishness.   In many instances, it is the ultimate act of selfishness; to kill a fetus in order that the mother doesn't have to be a mother.
Look up the definition of selfishness then come write back to me how abortion is selfish. In order for abortion to be a selfish act it would have to disregard the demands of another. I haven't seen any proof how abortion disregards the desires and demands of a fetus.  Until you have proven this then your claim is ultimately baseless.  I'll fill in. Selfishness has two definitions:  < Harming someone for your own interest. (vice)  < Acting in your own interest without harming anyone. (not a vice)  Abortion fits in to the first definition, because the woman kills (and therefore harms) the fetus just because she doesn't want a big belly. If there are other reasons, please say so. I'd like to know if there are any abortions that aren't frivolous - I've already taken the pro-life stance on frivolous abortions, but beyond there I am undecided.
Look up the definition of selfishness then come write back to me how abortion is selfish. In order for abortion to be a selfish act it would have to disregard the demands of another. I haven't seen any proof how abortion disregards the desires and demands of a fetus.  Until you have proven this then your claim is ultimately baseless.  Are you serious that you wanted to pitch me that softball? emoticon_rolleyes  Abortion is the ultimate in selfish because the "mother" decides to kill a fetus instead of letting it live. The desire of the fetus to live is disregarded by the "mother". Now, if you killed your pet dog because you didn't want to take care of it, you'd consider that a selfish act, wouldn't you?
Abortion is the ultimate in selfish because the "mother" decides to kill a fetus instead of letting it live. The desire of the fetus to live is disregarded by the "mother". Now, if you killed your pet dog because you didn't want to take care of it, you'd consider that a selfish act, wouldn't you?  The pro-choicers can perhaps argue and keep up in some matters, but the area of selfishness is a losing matter for them everytime. There is no way to argue that abortion out of convenience to ensure comfort is anything but selfish.   Even many pro-choicers themselves recognize and will say that abortion, even if legal, is not something that should be encouraged. (Clinton said it should be legal, safe, and rare.) Too bad some of pro-choicers here in this forum don't seem to agree with their comrades on that point.
The fetus is totally dependent on a woman's body, and has no existence without the woman's body.  Apparently you need to read up on up-to-date cases of fetus viability and premature birth success statistics.  She risks, and she sacrifices, using her own body.  That's right, and she does it after the baby is born by caring for it as well. So? I guess you'd also be in favor of it being legal for a mother to not allow her baby to live because she has to care for it after it's born too, with that reasoning.  It is selfish of a man to think he can control her body and her life.  There are many, many women in the pro-life movement. My wife is one of them and she is a lot more passionate about it than I am. (Trust me, you don't want to be in a room with her after you've killed a baby!) If you think this is a men versus women issue, you are sadly mistaken.
It can be kept alive artificially by machines at a certain point. Generally, the minimum point where this is realistic is after the point of sentience, 21 weeks. I think very few people arguing for late pregnancy abortions, unless the woman's life is in danger.  So you are against abortions after 21 weeks except when the woman's life is in danger?
It's not a baby, it's a fetus.  I'm sure all the proud expecting mothers excited to be pregnant, who refer to what they're carrying as "my baby" would be just overjoyed to hear that you think they are wrong. But go ahead and crash a baby shower sometime, and tell the excited mother that she's wrong to refer to it as her "baby." I'm sure you'll make her day.  It's mostly male politicians who I see campaigning against the right to choose of a woman.  There are a lot more people, men and women out there trying to save lives, than just male politicians. It's just that some male politicians aren't allowing themselves to buy the hyper-feminist lies. Some female politicians don't either, BTW.
It breathes it's own air, digests food, is sentient. It's not totally dependent and a part of her body, specifically, for its survival. All of this makes it different from the fetus.  The only difference is that the mother cares for it in a different way. She still has to feed it with her hands or breastmilk rather than through the placenta.  There is one other difference, and that is that once the baby leaves the woman's body, the father or others can take care of it if the mother doesn't want to. I suspect this is what a lot of the abortion issue is really about--mothers that just don't want to take care of the baby they've made.
This picture speaks volumes. And the majority of voters are women, what's your point?
It can be kept alive artificially by machines at a certain point. Generally, the minimum point where this is realistic is after the point of sentience, 21 weeks. I think very few people arguing for late pregnancy abortions, unless the woman's life is in danger.  I don't agree. Many Pro-choicers want no restrictions on abortion, hence the need for the partial birth abortion legislation in the first place.
The fetus is non-sentient, so it has no "desire". The fetus is totally dependent on a woman's body, and has no existence without the woman's body. This is not the case with a dog.  My dog isn't a sentient being so it has no desire and the second part of your argument has nothing to do with the first. Are you arguing that it's OK to kill a non-sentient being or any dependent being regardless of whether or not it's sentient? For instance, an invalid can also be totally dependent on someone else for their existence.Should we "ice" all invalids, too?  This is not the case with the woman. She is a sentient person, and not a container. She undergoes physical changes and physical risks by being pregnant. She risks, and she sacrifices, using her own body. It is selfish of a man to think he can control her body and her life. It will never have the same kind of impact on his health and on his life, that it will have on hers. Not even close.  So let me get your position straight. A woman should have the right to kill her fetus because in rare instances, it can threaten her health? That's a pretty weak argument. Would you like some stats on the number of births VS death of the mother? I'm guessing that death by car accidents are of a far greater concern to the average pregnant woman and there aren't many arguing that the highest risk pregnancies shouldn't have the option of aborting the fetus. emoticon_rolleyes
I don't agree. Many Pro-choicers want no restrictions on abortion, hence the need for the partial birth abortion legislation in the first place.  Good point. If pto-choicers were not really wanting abortion at any point in the pregnancy they would not be opposing a ban on partial birth abortion at all.
It has more sentience than the fetus in the early stages of pregnancy.  You can't successfully base an argument on "degrees" of sentience,which is essentially what you are doing. In my opinion, making "sentience" the standard for when abortion should be legal is a not a valid way to do it. No one really knows when a fetus becomes sentient, and there is no general agreement on what constitutes sentience. Even if a fetus is not sentient, it seems unethical to kill it even on the basis that it will soon become sentient if left to grow. If we apply the "you can kill it if it is not sentient" argument regardless of the fact that it will be shortly, then there is no reason to keep people alive that are in comas or even short-term unconsciousness, even knowing they will be sentient soon when they wake up.
Are you seriously implying that a woman generally has an abortion because she wants to avoid having a "big belly"?  I think he is saying that it certainly does happen, and I agree with him. You know good and well there are plenty of women out there who would do that. It is abortion for convenience and comfort that pro-lifers find most unethical.  If abortion is such a frivolous right then how come women are willing to risk their lives, health and status for them?   People have risked their lives for a lot of things in history that turned out to be bad causes. At the time it seemed right, of course. Again, I don't think that the pro-choice stance is necessarily so horrible when taken at face value--we should indeed keep the needs and concerns of the mother a priority in this issue. But when woman are wanting to have abortions because they just don't want the discomfort of a pregnancy or as an easy way out of having to raise a son or daughter that they don't want (that many people would love to raise and show love to), the pro-choice movement looks awfully malevolent indeed. Regardless of whether or not you have the law on yor side, you don't have the moral high ground on your side, and you never have. Anytime you want to right to kill for the sake of comfort, that is going to be the case.
Sigma : Impervious to Logic. nice, impervious to logic, point taken. Apparently also impervious to fully thought out concepts... but hey - ignorance is bliss, and really conducive to self-centered emotional foundation of a persons self-esteem and world view apparently.   Originally posted by jakeCJB ... The fetus simply hasn't reached that point yet, so it has not achieved personhood. It only has potential, like an zygote, or like a sperm or egg. Is the morning after pill a killer's weapon? I don't think so. Are the two-thirds of all human conceptions that the body itself spontaneously aborts, "deaths" like the death of a person? Perhaps involuntary manslaughter? No on both counts. Is a sperm that doesn't make it to fertilize the egg, for whatever reason, death or deliberate killing, because the potential for becoming a person is there? No. No one has the right to use a part of my body against my will, because of what is merely a potential.    Sperm and Egg carry only half the genetic code of a given indivitual and do not have, in isolation, the ability to create life.  Zygote :[n] the cell resulting from the union of an ovum and a spermatozoon  The demands of a zygote are simple, merely an environment friendly to it's continued existance until implatation (thus a test tube works nicely for fertilization clinics) and further development. Given an environment conducive to its existance, but not to implantation and further growth, it eventually becomes defunct and is reabsorbed or flushed from the body.  Fetus :[n] an unborn or unhatched vertebrate in the later stages of development showing the main recognizable features of the mature animal  The demands of the fetus are dramatically different. It needs not only the environment, but sustenance from the host. Thus once established the fetus does have, innate, demands.  One might argue they are no different than the demands of an intestinal fluke, or heart worm, or any of a myriad of other parasites that require sustenance from a host. One would also have to argue then that the fetus is not a mere parasite. In the case of a true parasite, it merely continues its existance. A fetus on the other hand, evolves into a more advance vertabrate and eventually become a self-suporting being with self-awareness - provided its demands are met.  Technically then, "the morning after pill" is a grey area at best, if taken in time it merely prevents a Zygote from moving to the next stage. There is then a stage open for debate (that I would place in the Zygote end of the spectrum) where a Zygote has implanted and is becoming a fetus - still a vaible period of time for "the pill" in my book. If taken later, it causes the body to abort a fetus. Can we determine at what point the pill was taken? No. Therefore, IMO, the pill is no different than pennyroyal, or shepard's purse, both emmenogouges that - in proper doses - instigate shedding of the uterine lining. My issue is with the point at which these are taken. At one point you are disposing of a Zygote - a amalgamation of cells that - while they have potential - cannot become a human without implatation (causing additional hormaones to be produced) and further growth to become a fetus. Taken later you are intentionally aborting a fetus that has considerably more potential provided its demands for sustenance are met.  We know, scientifically, at what point a zygote becomes a fetus. This is relatively early in the development process and a considerably short period of time after implantation. So - once the entity has reached fetal status, IMO, you have abrogated the choice of preventing it.  Soooo... back to my original statement: If you choose to have sex, you choose to endure the consequences. Not withstanding Sigma's childlike and emotional understanding of the point, responsibility falls to the mother to NOT abort at the time the fetus exists. There exists a window of likely up to a week after intercourse where many methods may be implemented to ensure a fetus is not allowed. If you have sex, protected or otherwise, you enjoin the responsiblity to have RESPONSIBLE sex. If, for you, that means doing everything possible to prevent pregnancy - do so. But should you become pregnant (viable fetus) you are also responsible for living with that consequence. To do other wise is selfish :) (I looked up the definition...at the point the cells become a fetus it has demands, selfishness is placing those demands - however feeble - above your own.)
Christ, you people are lost. I have spent seven years doing research in abortion on both sides and I have never read a single account of a single woman having an abortion because her belly would get big.  Please. You know good and well that there are women that don't want to look pregnant and don't want the discomfort, so they have abortions. You have no leg to stand on to say that women aren't having abortions for the sake of comfort when you have actively lobbied for them to be able to do so.  Actual pro-lifers find all abortions unethical. If you are conditionally pro-life . . .  Then you know very little about the issue of abortion, pro or con. There are people of varying degrees on the stance, on both sides. Some pro-lifers are ok with abortions very early in the pregnancy. Some are ok with them if the life of the mother is in danger or if it is a rape case. Some are not. Just like there are people who say they are pro-choice but are against late term abortions. The fact that you think everyone on either side would think exactly alike shows that you apparently haven't done that much research, after all.  So how many abortions did you have in order to come to the conclusion that it is an easy way out? It isn't an easy way out.  You aren't going to find much sympathy for the hardship of an abortion for convenience. But you are right in that there are sometimes risks and emotional scars from the experience. I wish your movement would do more to educate expecting mothers on the emotional and psychological downfalls of abortion rather than just pitching it as some inane 'us versus them' feminist empowerment. I have read so many accounts of mothers who had abortions and wish they hadn't afterwards, deeply regretting the descision. (And they came to that conclusion on their own, not by any outside influence.) And it's interesting to me that your movement isn't nearly as passionate about making sure mothers know the risks about abortion as they are empowering them to do it. You see, the gig is up. You say you are about the woman and her well-being, but you aren't even about that.   That isn't the woman's responsibility or problem. Her pregnancy isn't a raw material to be exploited for the sake of childless couples.  Oh of course, let's not dare try to see pregnancy as a chance to help someone--even other women! We wouldn't want to actually entertain the idea of other ways to help people, now would we? Or that abortion just might not be the only option?   You say you are for women and their well-being--but what of women who want to have children but can't? I know such women and they stand by and watch you and your movement do nothing to discourage abortion, painting it as some feminist empowerment issue, all the while they are wishing they could raise some of those children if you would only use your movement to help them as well. The fact that you can't find it in your heart to think of this as an opportunity to help those women who are childless once again shows that you really could care less about women, even though you claim that you do. Again, your selfishness is showing. You really can do something about this bitterness. Get some help.
And if they do, so what? This isn't about whether they can or not but why you'd use such a scenario to describe why women have abortions in general.  No, ultimately abortion comes back to the ethical question of whether it is right or wrong to kill. You'd like to avoid that question in every case obviously, but you can't. Deal with it.   I never said there weren't people who support abortion in conditional circumstances but what I did say is that people who are conditionally pro-life are not pro-life.  Then you are contradicting yourself. The point is that there is no definition of "conditionally pro-life" any more than there is a definition of "conditionally pro-choice." Pro-life people vary in their stances just like pro-choice and no one is getting kicked out of the movement for it as you seem to think they would. For that matter, there is no more room for diversity of opinion in the pro-choice movement than there is the pro-life one.   ""I am not looking for sympathy from the pro-life movement. To do so would be looking in the wrong direction."  pro-lifers proliferate the social stigma of abortion and hence increasing such a risk."  "Pro-lifers only care about what they can exploit from post-abortive women."  "pro-lifers demand that women who are planning to have abortions need to have more information that will scare them from having an abortion."  - Pro-lifers don't want you to know about childbirth linked breast cancer is far more lethal.  - Pro-lifers don't want you to know that childbirth is that far psychology trauma are more common then trauma linked to abortion.  - Pro-lifers don't want you to know that childbirth is far more lethal then abortion.   - Pro-lifers don't want you to know anything about psychological trauma to adoption.  "pro-lifers never cared about women or even about empowering them.   These anti-pro-life statements are downright comical, they are so inaccurate and biased. Your tendency to portray your movement as angelic and then obviously try to demonize the pro-life movement at all costs comes across as ridiculous. I could care less about which movement "one-ups" the other--the thing I care most about is saving lives which is why I identify with the pro-life stance. But there is no card-carrying membership plan in the pro-life movement and there is no leadership in the movement. People identify with it depending on their views. Pro-life is an ideology, not a club.  Again, the pro-choice movement has lost touch with women--they are more interesting in bashing other people and than they are giving genuine support for women as your posts have demonstrated. The bottom line is that you are are not pro-women, you are only interested in bashing pro-lifers. And if it were true that the pro-choice movement were all about the needs of women, you would never limit yourself to helping them in the issue of abortion only. You can't claim to be all about women and only 'be for them' in the area of abortion choice. And you would be trying to find ways to help them in all matters related to childbirth and family planning (such as adoption) instead of just helping them get out of pregnancies via abortion. Obviously you don't really care about the women who do want children and would adopt, in a heartbeat, to have one. And again, your tendency to be much more passionate about giving them the right to abortion rather than a balanced approach which would help ALL women with reproductive issues including those not wanting abortions betrays you. This issue is not about which group or organization wins as in some rhetorical ballgame--this isn't a game. This isn't about groups trying to one-up the other or bash the other. This is about people, both women and their children, and you would do well to realize that. Lives are at stake.  It's obvious you aren't about women at all. The gig is up.
I wish it were that simply. Killing's fine under the right circumstances most of us would agree I think. Killing isn't the question but "killing what?'" and "killing when?" I will never accept that a week after conception or 8 or 10 for that matter, we are talking about a person yet. I'm a "conditional" pro-choicer.  Actually, I agree with you somewhat. I would not be nearly as worried about very early abortion as I would mid to late term. And I can accept abortion if the life of the mother is at definite risk. I guess that makes me a "conditional" pro-lifer.  I think most likely many, many people on both sides take their stance to varying degrees.
Would that not mean then that to have an abortion or not, regardless of motivation, is an issue best left between a woman and her doctor?  It's not that simple. Abortion is a pretty complicated issue and to assume the mother and doctor should be able to kill an unborn child at will is is grisly prospect. At the least there should be some control on something that powerful. The partial birth ban is a start.  And who said doctors were always above reproach anyway?
Again you're totally off-track. There is little to no disagreement that women should be able to give their children up for adoption if they so choose.  Too bad it ends at "no disagreement." One would think that groups that are supposedly pro-women in the area of reproductive rights would also do all they could to support those women who can't have children and want to find a way to have one. Tell you what, when the pro-choice movement starts giving as much support to mothers wanting to adopt or have children as they do to those who want an abortion, come back and we'll talk. Until then the walk doesn't measure up to your talk. After all, abortion isn't the only "choice."
What in the world are you talking about? The pro-choice ideology supports any decision a woman wants to make regarding her pregnancy.  Really? They actively try to find adoption options for women wanting a baby when her reproductive options don't work? They put as much effort into this as they do trying to make sure the option of abortion is out there? Why does the pro-choice movement seem to think that abortion is the only facet of reproductive rights? You say you are pro-woman, but it seems for you it is only about giving them the abortion option rather than others as well. There are lots of problems in the adoption system causing women not to be able to excercise their rights to have a baby when they can't. But this doesn't seem to matter to you, or you'd be just as passionate about that, given that you claim to be pro-women.
Can you not grant that the reasons could be sound even if they are no business of yours?  I have already said that I can accept abortion if the life of the mother is in danger. That should answer your question.  Would you agree that the term "unborn child" is an exaggeration prior to some point in a pregnancy?  No more than saying it is an exagerration when an expecting mother herself calls what she has inside of her "my baby." I don't have any problem with that at all, but it seems that you would if you are determined to exclude any terms for it other than "fetus."
Just out of curiosity, what risks do you believe the "pro-choice" movement is keeping women in the dark about, besides the emotional issues afterward (which vary from woman to woman)?  See the following . . . .  http://www.afterabortion.org/physica.html  And before you automatically assume these are pro-life rantings, note that everything in this list is cited from well-known journals.
Is it the place of the "pro-choice" activists to become adoption advocates?  If you are for choice, why wouldn't you? Abortion isn't the only choice.  Where are all the pro-lifers lining up to take these children in?  Actually, pro-lifers do much more to further the cause of adoption for unwanted children than pro-choicers.
Er, the option of adoption is already there.  Sigh. You're missing the point. NO, the option is often not there. Right now, it is far, far easier for a woman to go and abort her baby than it is for a woman to adopt a baby. If pro-choicers really cared about women and choice, why would they only be fighting for the one choice that is easiest to to get?   . . .from bigots and close-minded fools such as yourself?  Well, there you go. You've taken the low road. All you had to do was discuss the issues here rather than resort to hateful name-calling and ad hominem. Thanks for the non-inflamatory discussion, at least until you couldn't control yourself. I'm done with you on this topic.
omg... that site is so rediculous! Let me read it all before I respond, but I have to say that it is inaccurate to the point of absurdity!  Then you are saying a lot of major health journals are ridiculous, because the points are cited.
Outside your imagination when did I ever avoid such a question? So far it is you who has avoided addressing the stark incompetence of the pro-life movement.  You've failed to prove any 'incompetence' of the pro-life movement. All you've been able to do is offer your conjectural opinions, which are so steeped in feminist bitterness they are hard to take seriously. Like I said earlier, I actually feel sorry for you. You'll have to do better than feminist bitterness and rage.  Sure there is. A conditional pro-lifer/pro-choicer is one who accidentally aligns him or herself to one movement or the other over confusion or ignorance. However they do not follow suit with the movement's ideology.  Again, your idea that 'pro-life' and 'pro-choice' are soundly defined is ridiculous. There is no step-by-step criteria to be "pro-life" or "pro-choice." People just identify with the one they feel best describes them. I don't know how many times you have to hear it for it to sink in, but people can be pro-life and and still be for abortion in some cases (such as when the woman's life is in danger and very early in the pregnancy, as I hold to).   Sure they can [be kicked out of the pro-life movment]. The American Life League gave George W Bush the boot in 2001 over the stem cell issue.   LOL!!! You don't know much about this issue if you think one lobbying organization defines the pro-life movement and could kick out it's members. People can't be kicked out of an ideology. What you are claiming is just as silly as someone saying that Planned Parenthood could kick someone out of the pro-choice movement. Come back to reality.  In fact many pro-lifers don't even accept him as pro-life. McCain proved this back in 2000 under the primaries. Bush is far too supportive of abortion rights to be considered so.  So? He's still pro-life regardless of what one organization says he is, because that's what he identifies with. No one leads either the pro-life or pro-choice movement.  So what is so biased and inaccurate about them?   Everything you offered is mere opinion. You showed no proof of anything you said.  Angelic? No but it could be seen that way in comparison to the pro-life movement. If reality just happens to demonize the pro-life movement then that isn't my problem.  The only ones demonizing the pro-life movement are the ones who hate it and it's members, which includes you.  Proof of this would be where? On the other hand the pro-life movement is so out of touch with not only women but also Americans.  At one time your movement was unified and would not even consider being open-minded enough to stopping late-term abortions. Now you all can't even agree on that, as many in your movement have found that knee-jerk feminism just doesn't do anyone any good and there is plenty of science that suggests a fetus is viable after about 24 weeks. At least some in your movement have grown a conscience, much to the frustration of stalwarts such as yourself, I'm sure.  The pro-choice movement is limited to reproductive rights...access to contraception and abortion rights. Just like the pro-life movement is limited to fetal rights.  And you don't think its a reproductive issue when a woman can't have a baby? Again, you aren't out to help women--if you were you would put just as much effort into making sure women had other 'choices' as well (other than abortion) and you would be just as passionate about helping women who can't have babies as you are to help those who don't want a baby (even though they've already gotten pregnant).  when your movement only chooses to exploit them?  There it is again, opinion with no proof. This is getting to be a serious habit for you.  You can't claim to be all about women  That's right; that's the difference between your movement and the pro-life one: Pro-lifers don't claim to be ALL about women, but also about the baby as well. The best the pro-choice movement can seem to do is give no respect for the baby's life that could grow into a person, and claim to be for women when in fact they obviously really aren't. (Shrug)
Let's examine those citations, shall we?  The PubMed links you provided were only abstracts!!!
Agreed. So? They provided details of the study and the conclusions of the studies. Do you dispute that it was accurate information?  I see you haven't tried to dispute what I said.  Well, given that you used abstacts to back up what you said it's hard to accept that there is anything to dispute. I mean, I know it was probably the only option you had, but . . .  Tell you what: I'll look some of them up at the local library here the next time I have some free time. If it's true that they embellished the original ariticles or misconstrued them, I'll accept that.
... Abortion used to be illegal, or did you not know that? "Abortionists"? lol. In the real world we call them "doctors".  Most doctors I know call them "abortionists" not doctors. Maybe I just travel in a more moral crowd than you do. emoticon_rolleyes   I don't believe you can support that statement. What I view the baby as is immaterial to my argument. I disagree. If you think carbon is a lump of coal and not a diamond, your action towards it differs.  And it comes down to your arrogant and closeminded refusal to believe that not all women see pregnancy and childbirth as a beautiful thing. That some woman's situations would become untenetable because of a pregnancy. That the gov't should not force women to continue the pregnancy.   Just because he takes a moral stance doesn't make him closeminded; it makes him....moral.   Ok, lets take this slow. If it is illegal for a woman to have an abortion, then pregnant women are forced, by law, to continue their pregnancies, correct? If I am wrong, please tell me. Correct. I'm not allowed to kill my misbehaving kid or my neighbor who bugs me. Does it really surprise you that people who believe that the fetus is a life would want to make killing it illegal?  I cannot rest easy when people like you want to ban it. And the reverse is also true.  When I was young I thought it was wrong as well. When I matured, I realized that not all people think the same way I do, and that I should not be so arrogant as to assume that I know what is best for other people. I realized that if I was in their situation that what I thought was right would probably change because of the desperate situation. I realized that respect was allowing others to make their own decisions. So you sold out your principle for pragmatism; some of us haven't.  No, children have a self-centered view of the world where they believe what they believe is right and wrong is what everyone else believes is right and wrong. Children don't have a firm grasp of the world, I'm afraid.  I doubt that a three year old has had too many chats with Mom and Dad about their parents' views on abortion. Personally, I'll take Door #1.
It has more sentience than the fetus in the early stages of pregnancy. There's no such thing as a little sentience, just like there's no such thing as being a little pregnant. You either are or you aren't.  No one can force you to use your body for anything against your will. For example, one cannot be forced to give up a kidney.  You can be forced to sit in an electric chair and fry under 20K Volts, can't you?  I meant it has an effect on her health. Morning sickness and other problems, the load on her heart increases by 40%, etc. Yes, it could negatively affect her health in more serious ways. It is not a weak argument at all to suggest that those who will have to go through this, should make the choice.   So the sex that created the fetus in the first place probably taxed her heart more than 40%. Maybe if she was so concerned about taxing herself, she would have abstained. It's still a lame argument. The chances of dire consequences from pregnancy are rare, usually predictable and treatable.  Originally Posted by JPSartre I'm guessing that death by car accidents are of a far greater concern to the average pregnant woman and there aren't many arguing that the highest risk pregnancies shouldn't have the option of aborting the fetus.  I don't understand what you mean here.  What I meant was that a pregnant woman has more risk driving in a car than from being pregnant and that I don't know many people who would deny an abortion to a woman who has a significant probability of dying as a result of pregnancy.
A fetus doesn't desire life...that is your personal belief and holds as much substance as anyone claiming the fetus desires to die. It's brain is far too underdeveloped to produce such an ability.  Absolutely. But a dog has emotions and desires. A fetus doesn't.  That's your interpretation. I find it amazing that you would argue that a dog has emotions and desires but a human fetus doesn't. Anthropomorphism aside, that's just plain warped thinking. emoticon_rolleyes
They don't empathize with others, generally. Children are very self-centered, generally.  This has not been my experience with children at all. (And I have 3 of them!) Oftentimes children I've seen were more empathetic than many, many adults I've seen.
So the massive illegal abortion rates in the pre-Roe days and the countless women who died from criminal abortion do not highlight your massive incompetence? Does the fact that not a single law against abortion has ever been successful in deterring the rate of abortions also prove so?  WHAT "massive" illegal abortions, and "countless" women? There have most likely been far more abortions performed since it became legal than before. There is no way to obtain the data that would be necessary for you to back up your assertions.  I am not the one becoming bitter and when did I align myself as a feminist?  You're not a feminist???  My, why are you becoming so hostile and bitter in your comments? Personal attacks are the refuge of someone who is hollow of substance and conviction.  Then you lost those traits long ago here. You've been using personal attacks since I first saw your posts and I've seen you use them with others here.  Whether you like it or not there is a set definition for being pro-life and you do not fit it.  Nope--no set definition. If there were you would undoubtedly link to it. There is no one "in change" of the pro-life movement that could set such a definition.  I am sure they do...just like there are people who identify themselves with religious movements let do never follow the dogma. You simply amuse me and acknowledge the decay within your own movement.  Why do the members of a religious group or political ideology have to follow everything that you think they should? You have a VERY black and white view of the world. There are plenty of Catholics who don't hold to every Catholic tenet. (John Kerry was one.) But in the case of the pro-life movement, there isn't even a centralized pro-life 'doctrine.' Pro-lifers are united only in their respect for life. Face it, you've lost on this one. Pro-lifers and well as pro-choicers have varying views. That's the nature of people.  Sure they can [be kicked out of an ideology].  This is just ridiculous. By your logic I guess someone who is for tax cuts could be 'kicked out' of that ideology as well. Or someone who was for 'free trade' worldwide. Funny though, I don't know who could kick them out. No one can kick you out of your own thinking.   So just as long as someone identifies themselves with something then that is what they are. I suppose a Hindu can claim to be a Christian when it suits them,  Bad analogy--though there are Jewish Christians, and probably Hindu ones as well--who are you to say they can't identify that way? A better analogy would be to say that a Hindu (or Christian, for that matter) might hold to many of the traditional Hindu views, but maybe not all of them.  Even according to a member of the NRLC, in one of the many issues of Newsweek in 2000 that covered the hot button issues within the presidential race, claimed that they wanted more late-term abortions in order make abortion itself more unpopular.  They don't favor abortions any more than you do--you are using the same false thinking as people who call pro-choice people "pro-abortion." And I seriously doubt this is true anyway. It would, of course, seem true to someone determined to see something bad in the pro-life movement even when there was nothing bad to see.  Besides, even you favor late-term abortions.  Only in the extremely rare cases where the life of the mother was in definite danger.  What have you done? Nothing except complain and belly ache about how we do not help women while hundreds of thousands of women die needlessly on your watch.  You seem to operating under the false understanding that the pro-life movement was around and somehow 'in-charge' when all these supposed countless women were dying.   Crisis pregnancy centers outnumber abortion clinics and there are countless couples waiting to adopt. The resources and availability to these areas is very easy and accessible. There are no waiting periods, However this isn't my problem.  I wish it were that simple. The adoption process is in terrible shape in this country. It NEEDS to be reformed badly. The system sometimes keeps kids in place (minority kids anyway) for long periods of time and charges exorbitant amounts of money before adoption can even happen. Right now it is far easier to have an abortion than it is to adopt. That's why I would love to see your side do more for the rights of women this THIS area as well--abortion doesn't have to be the only choice.  "But this isn't my problem . . . but this isn't my problem . . ."  You keep saying that, like you are trying to wish it away. It's the sound of someone in denial who doesn't want to deal with his/her problems. Frankly, I don't think I've ever met anyone in a discussion forum as angry as you--mad at the world it seems. I mean this--I really do hope that someday you can experience some joy and happiness in your life and lose some of your deep bitterness. Life is too short for that! I wish you well.
Children do not develop the ability to "walk in one's shoes for a mile" until a few years after birth.  And their age would still make them . . . . children! Which is what we were talking about.
Nope, he hasn't. That was me :)  No the quote was by Pseudo.  And I would say that I've heard the same stupid arguments over and over for the right to kill the unborn. None have been able to offer a compelling, cohesive argument as to why we should not respect the life of an unborn baby.  But for what its worth, you've still definitely been more civil here than Pseudo.
That's the thing... pro-choice people generally respect that the fetus is a life.  If that were true then pro-choice arguments would reflect it. As they are, they are generally 100% about the woman and nothing about respecting the fetus. There is no balance. I would say there is even a tendency at times to intentionally show a lack of respect toward a fetus, such as the way pro-choicers often go out of their way to discourage any language referring to the baby that would endear one to it. (such as "baby" or "unborn child.")
And on top of that there are many pro-lifers I have argued with who wish to use pregnancy as due punishment for female promiscuity  Now that's just control-freakery.
They act as if pregnancy is a minor matter that any woman ought to be able to endure unless there are medical complications  If that view is there, it is probably because many pro-lifers can't imagine someone who would not be excited and joyful over the chance to bring a young child into the world. Except in a case of something such as a rape, a very difficult pregnancy, or the mother's life at risk, how could the miracle of a child being brought into the world not be a wonderful thing?   And on top of that there are many pro-lifers I have argued with who wish to use pregnancy as due punishment for female promiscuity  I seriously doubt that. Maybe that's what you read into their statements.  They don't say it out-right. It's implied. The "you got yourself into that situation and now you have to be pregnant and don't expect an ounce of sympathy or help here (you whore)"  That's what I suspected--'implied.' and it sounds like you were probably talking to some who were pretty extremist in their views anyway if they really said that. I've heard pro-choicers who said some very inhumane things about the fetus as well. Luckily I know that neither extremist group represents the mainstream in their movement (pro-life or pro-choice).
If it's with pro-life people, I highly doubt that.  No doctor I have ever talked to has ever refered to another as an "abortionist".  Maybe you don't have many doctors in your family or circle of friends. I do.  ... That does not answer what I said. What I view the baby as is immaterial to my argument. Not at all. It is very material to your argument. For example, if you believe that life begins at conception, then to promote abortion would mean that you condoned the taking of an innocent life. If on the other hand, you don't consider a fetus a "life" until it squeezes out screaming, then a pro-choice position wouldn't be in conflict with the taking of an innocent life.  Er... he can still be (and is) closeminded even if he takes a moral stance. You may call him moral, and certainly I can call his a moral stance, but he is still closeminded. Sometimes the world is black and white and to see shades of gray is just an illusion to mask immorality. Calling it closemindedness is just an attempt to deflect a principled stance.  That has nothing to do with what I said. I'm glad you agree that banning abortion force women to give birth against their will. I'm saddened and disgusted that you are for that. I could care less if holding a woman responsible for her actions disgusts you. Unlike you, I don't think that there should be an easy way out of every situation. Does the concept of responsibility scare you or does the idea of forcing responsibility on someone scare you?  Criminals are held against their will; I pay too much in taxes against my will; I have to get up early against my will. Grow up, there are plenty of things that are done against one's will. If the woman was a willing participant in having sex than she has a responsibility for the consequences of that decision and pregnancy is one of those potential consequences. Pro-choice people want to say "it's OK that you acted irresponsibility, we'll just suck the extra life out of you and you can go back to being irresponsible". The statistics on abortions are very revealing.  There are many repeat abortions and there are many abortions performed on "mothers" who have already given birth to children in the past. I don't believe in abortion as a means of birth control. If they don't want kids, or any more kids, then they should get their damn tubes tied and be 100% responsible.  lol, that couldn't be farther from the truth. My principles do not allow me to ban abortion. My principles are grounded in respect for other people. Pragmatism would be similar to your goals, that of 'the end justifies the means'.  Interesting spin on your flip flop.  You originally wrote"  When I was young I thought it was wrong as well. When I matured, I realized that not all people think the same way I do, and that I should not be so arrogant as to assume that I know what is best for other people. I realized that if I was in their situation that what I thought was right would probably change because of the desperate situation. I realized that respect was allowing others to make their own decisions. I interpreted that as you saying that when you were young you found it fundamentally wrong but as you "matured", you saw shades of gray and began to see possible execptions based on "desperate situations". That is a classic example of situational ethics. A belief that something is fundamentally wrong but it's still OK to do in certain instances. Hence my comment "So you sold out your principle for pragmatism". Was it your principle that abortion was wrong when you were young or not? They were your words, not mine.   Agreed, that is why I said that children don't have a firm grasp of the world. They don't empathize with others, generally. Children are very self-centered, generally. I'd say that young kids can have a keen idea of what is right that is unencumbered with grown-up "spin". If a three year old knows that it's fundamentally wrong to prevent a birth, why don't many adults? The answer is because many adults have bought into the idea of situational ethics.
That's the thing... pro-choice people generally respect that the fetus is a life. We just think the woman is more important in the pregnancy relationship.  I used to have some semblance of respect for Pro-Choicers because I thought there was a fundamental belief by them that the fetus wasn't a life yet, but if what you say is true, then I'd have to say that Pro-Choice people are the most selfish, self-centered monsters on the planet. To acknowledge that a fetus is a life and then to cold-heartedly kill it for the convenience of the "mother" is abhorrent. emoticon_mad
Are you saying that people should have to deal with all the natural consequences of having sex? That is ridiculous. People shouldn't have tubes tied or vasectomies or use contraceptives in that case. If someone gets an STD, that person should not have it treated.  It's obvious that you have a reading impediment, I wrote:  If they don't want kids, or any more kids, then they should get their damn tubes tied and be 100% responsible.  Does that sound like I'm advocating dealing with "all of the natural consequences" to you? I'm saying that they should be responsible and those who have multiple abortions should consider having their tubes tied instead of abortion as a means of birth control. Jeez.  emoticon_rolleyes
She should take responsibility for the consequences of being a willing participant in having sex, "and pregnancy is one of those potential consequences". You said pregnancy is only "one of those potential consequences" from willing sex that a person should take responsibility for. You are saying the only way she can take responsibility is to accept being pregnant, if that consequence happens. What other consequences resulting from willing sex, should one have to simply live with?  STDs are also a potential consequence and many aren't curable, as you well know.
I consider a fetus a "life", and it does not conflict in the slightest with the pro-choice position. It seems you have a misunderstanding as to what the pro-choice position is.  If that's true, then it's a far more frightening position than even pro-choicers who don't consider a fetus a life. At least if you didn't consider it a life, it would seem more rational that you have no problem empowering others to kill it.  The gov't having the power to force people to share their organs scares me. The gov't having the power to tell me what I must do with my personal life scares me. Fascist governments scare me.  It is strange that you say that because often the people who argue the pro-choice positions tend to favor more regulatory control over people. (Gun control, keeping churches "in line", etc.)  Your argument of "do the crime, do the time" is a horrible way of looking at motherhood. Pregnancy and motherhood should not be just a consequence, a punishment or a learning tool. Motherhood should be entered into because a woman wants to have a child, because the woman wants to be pregnant. It should not be a punishment for irresponsible behavor.  I tend to agree with you here. Pregnancy should never be a punishment forced on someone. However that is a different issue than women killing the baby growing inside of them. The problem is the mindset of a woman that would think of pregnancy as punishment in the first place. Most pro-lifers I know are mainly concerned about such cases of accidental pregnancy, and the solution to avoiding such awful "punishment" is to a.) be more careful in the first place, and b.) have a different outlook on bringing a child into the world to begin with. It is hard to imagine why someone would view such a wonderful miracle as a "punishment" as some women might.  No, pro-choice people do not want to say that it's ok to act irresponsibly. Pro-choice people say that pregnancy and motherhood should not be a punishment for irresponsible behavior. Pro-choice people do not want people to act irresponsibly, pro-choice people want women to desire their pregnancies.  Then why would your focus not be on helping change the mindset from empowerment to kill the baby, as opposed to wanting to keep it?  I do not want women to use abortion as birth control any more than you.   Yet you lobby much harder for them to be able to do that, than you do to discourage them from it. This is a glaring contradiction.
It is strange that you say that because often the people who argue the pro-choice positions tend to favor more regulatory control over people. (Gun control, keeping churches "in line", etc.)  It's not a package deal.
and although I love him and would not trade him for anything  Yet you argue to be empowered to have killed him before he was born. This is a glaring contradiction. One would think that seeing how a baby who wasn't aborted grows up into a wonderful, beautiful person would make a difference.
It is exactly the same issue! If a woman cannot have an abortion, then she is being forced, by law, to continue the pregnancy. You are contradicting yourself. If you agree with me about the fact that pregnancy shouldn't be forced, then you would not be for making abortion illegal.  No, a govt. shouldn't force a woman to get pregnant. The issue is that the woman should not get pregnant in the first place. Obviously accidents can happen though, which again is why we should work toward changing womens' mindsets about pregnancy in the first place.   That is a wonderful goal. Making abortion illegal will do neither of those things. You will only harm more women. You are right, we have to change societies views until abortions aren't desired, then there will be fewer performed.  The issue of the legality of abortion pales in significance to the act of abortion itself. Why would pro-choicers spend so much more time worried about the legal issue than they would the issue of abortion itself? If you really want to help curb abortion, you would work toward that.  but making their only alternative illegal is flat wrong.  The point though is that it is rarely ever their only alternative. Certainly not often enough to warrant most of pro-choicers' work to be focused entirely on that one alternative.  I am "empowering" to keep the option legal, to keep the option available. I am not urging women to do it.   You can't separate the two. If you were lobby for the right to allow people to conduct assault and battery, then you would be in favor of assault in battery. Period. If you lobby for the right to do something, you are favoring that action, especially when you aren't working toward making sure other actions are encouraged.  My goal is for every pregnancy and child to be wanted, and that no abortions are desired or performed.  You say that, but what you are doing contradicts it. Lobbying to make it legal to kill means you want people to be able to kill. And again, if the pro-choice movement were working toward discouraging abortion and encouraing other options like adoption, your statement might have merit.  If the debate was about what we want to do to encourage women to keep their children then you would find me very much in favor of encouragement by way of financial help etc.  This IS the higher goal--why would you want killing to be the higher goal, after all? For the pro-life movement the debate IS about stopping abortion and that in and of itself helps women and their children. The rights issue is secondary--after all we are talking about saving lives. By choosing to only make your goal a right in what you argue for, you only argue for one option for women. But right now it is much easier in this country to someone to have an abortion than to adopt a child. That is a sad state of affairs, and one that your movement overlooks.
It's not a package deal.  Agreed, but it is a philosophical dichotomy. Many Liberal Pro-Choicers claim that they don't want increased governmental intrusion into their personal freedoms. Fine, but most of these same people also argue in favor of increased governmental intrusion into the private ownership of firearms.  It seems to me that any group that argues against fundamental increased governmental intrusion would be consistent enough to apply that same philosophy across the board and not pick and choose when it wants more intrusion and when it doesn't. It makes their initial argument about not wanting gov't intrusion ring very, very hollow.
Agreed, but it is a philosophical dichotomy. Many Liberal Pro-Choicers claim that they don't want increased governmental intrusion into their personal freedoms. Fine, but most of these same people also argue in favor of increased governmental intrusion into the private ownership of firearms.  It seems to me that any group that argues against fundamental increased governmental intrusion would be consistent enough to apply that same philosophy across the board and not pick and choose when it wants more intrusion and when it doesn't. It makes their initial argument about not wanting gov't intrusion ring very, very hollow.  I think it is more of a matter of positive intrusion (tyranny) vs. negative intrusion (defending rights.) As of yet I do not know whether anti-abortion laws are positive or negative intrusion, though I am certain that they are intrusive. If they are negative, then I will support them.  By the way, the only group that applies the anti-intrusion principle consistently are the anarchists. Other groups, like the libertarians and totalitarians, apply the negative-intrusion or positive-intrusion principle consistently. Liberals, conservatives, minarchists and moderates are the inconsitent ones.
I think it is more of a matter of positive intrusion (tyranny) vs. negative intrusion (defending rights.) As of yet I do not know whether anti-abortion laws are positive or negative intrusion, though I am certain that they are intrusive. If they are negative, then I will support them.  By the way, the only group that applies the anti-intrusion principle consistently are the anarchists. Other groups, like the libertarians and totalitarians, apply the negative-intrusion or positive-intrusion principle consistently. Liberals, conservatives, minarchists and moderates are the inconsitent ones.  I think that's a little too simplistic view on intrusion vs rights. The Constitution guarantees the freedom to keep and bear arms, for example, but doesn't guarantee the right to an abortion.  It is entirely possible to hold an anti-abortion and pro-gun stance without compromising a belief that Uncle Sam shouldn't be chipping away at the Constitution since abortion isn't a protected right. One could further argue that it is Pro-Choice advocates that have increased governmental intrusion into the issue via Roe v Wade, the attempt to use RICO statutes against anti-abortion protests,and they want the government to disregard the First Amendment when it is used against them and impose censorship on protestors.  Conversely, many of the same Pro-Life advocates also want stronger drug enforcement, more governmental control of pornography, etc. Bottom line: It all depends on whose ox is being gored.
I think that's a little too simplistic view on intrusion vs rights. The Constitution guarantees the freedom to keep and bear arms, for example, but doesn't guarantee the right to an abortion.  It is entirely possible to hold an anti-abortion and pro-gun stance without compromising a belief that Uncle Sam shouldn't be chipping away at the Constitution since abortion isn't a protected right. One could further argue that it is Pro-Choice advocates that have increased governmental intrusion into the issue via Roe v Wade, the attempt to use RICO statutes against anti-abortion protests,and they want the government to disregard the First Amendment when it is used against them and impose censorship on protestors.  Conversely, many of the same Pro-Life advocates also want stronger drug enforcement, more governmental control of pornography, etc.  Excellent post.
The Constitution guarantees a right to privacy, and this is one of the most private decisions a woman can make.  Reducing the issue of abortion to privacy is an over-simplification. There is a difference between arguing that the privacy of an act is ensured, and arguing for the act itself.
It works both ways. You wish less gov't intrusion with firearms but more with abortion. Does yours ring hollow?  I'm not a Liberal Democrat or a typical conservative Republican. I'm a Jeffersonian Liberal. I'm against most Federal programs because I don't believe the Constitution grants them the power to be involved in domestic programs. That means that I believe it is up to te state and the people to regulate social behavior. IMO, Uncle Sam should get out of the bedroom, crack house, soup kitchen, hospital room, classroom, retirement home, etc., and let the states take care of those programs that the state's residents want to fund. If enough states want the same thing, then they can pass an amendment, in accordance with the Constitution, and then it can be Federalized. Dos that clear my philosophy up any for you?
That wasn't the entirety of my post.  Fair enough; you edited it after I had already started replying to it.  Regardless, abortion is a lot broader issue than a right to privacy. If privacy were such an open-ended issue, it could be used to legalize just about anything.
The Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment states "nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law . . . " meaning the gov't has to use sufficiently clear and fair procedures to lawfully take these away. Because a woman has sex is not a sufficient justification to deprive women of their liberty in this matter.  BTW, there is a tendency among some to view the 14th Amendment as an excuse to allow for anything, playing upon it's seemingly broad language (which were intended to cover civil rights for African Americans). However, one could argue that the conditions for an action to be legal are that the action fall under the catagories listed in the amendment: "life" (there's quite an irony, in the abortion issue), "liberty", and "property."  Can you show how a woman's right to choose to kill the baby growing inside her falls under any of the three? The closest would be "liberty," but in this case it violates the first one: "life."
The Constitution guarantees a right to privacy, and this is one of the most private decisions a woman can make. It guarantees against illegal search and seizure. It implies bodily autonomy. A private decision that involves at least two and possibly three people if the father is also included.   The Constitution also has "Substantive" rights, which are those general rights that reserve to the individual the power to possess or to do certain things, despite the government's desire to the contrary. These are rights like freedom of speech and religion. "Procedural" rights are special rights that, instead, dictate how the government can lawfully go about taking away a person's freedom or property or life, when the law otherwise gives them the power to do so.   The Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment states "nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law . . . " meaning the gov't has to use sufficiently clear and fair procedures to lawfully take these away. Because a woman has sex is not a sufficient justification to deprive women of their liberty in this matter.  I hope that you're not trying to lecture me on the Constitution. I've been a student of the Constitution for 30 years. I've read the Federalist Papers, books on Jefferson and Madison's correspondences and lots of other era-specific documents. It's a hobby of mine. Let me put forth a strawman for a second.  If the State believes that the fetus, at any stage of development, is a human life, then it has rights distinguishable from those of its mother. If that's the case, then the State can compel the mother to take actions that will prevent injury to the fetus just as the State can remove children from a custodial parent in cases of abuse or neglect. In such an instance, a woman could be prosecuted for murder in the killing of a fetus. Now, I'm not saying that the law has "evolved" to that point yet, but there are indications that it may. For example, Scott Peterson was found guilty of second degree murder in the death of Laci's fetus. Now, I'm not sure that I want pregnant women prosecuted for killing fetuses, especially in the first trimester, but it is a theoretical progression of the current law and will certainly come under more fire as medicine's ability to save premmies at an earlier and earlier stage of development.
My, my isn't somebody arrograntly assuming. Just what do you know of my life? I was faced with an unplanned pregnancy due to birth control failure, in the middle of college and an abusive relationship. I had no money, my father was not providing the medical insurance that the divorce said he was to be providing as long as I was in college - so I utilized the college's nurse practitioner for medical care. She could not provide that for a pregnancy and the state had denied me help. Bottom line - I could not afford to see a doctor. So yes, I considered abortion - even though it broke my heart.  Fortunately somebody in welfare offices arranged for me to become a citizen of the state and get me medical care. I worked three jobs and brought my child with me to class and got my degree. I have raised that boy alone. And I love him. How DARE you presume otherwise simply because I don't share your narrow woman-hating politics. My whole life is him.  Thanks for doing the right thing--a lot of women don't. But that doesn't change the fact of what I said: you say he is so important to you, yet you lobby for the right to have killed him before he was born. It's a reality you can't escape from, and just because you don't like to hear it doesn't mean it's not true. Oh and by the way, rather than blow your top at the first implication that abortion is in fact killing, you might make an effort to at least consider that the pro-life 'politics' are not about "woman-hating." If you really want people to stop seeing the pro-choice movement as extreme, you might stop acting like the pro-life movement is something other than what it is.
I told you my story. That I was in tough a spot where I had to consider abortion because I was going to be denied access to medical care. That problem was remedied and I was able to continue with my pregnancy.   Point in case where circumstances of mother had to be addressed for a pregnancy to succeed. But it all just went swoosh over your head. Mama doesn't really exist - she really didn't have any problems - so I am going respond to my stereotype of a pro-choice person and tell her she is mad because I said abortion is killing.  So what is it you are looking for?   Sympathy? Yes, I'm sorry you had to go through that. I wouldn't wish that on anyone. It sounds like you definitely had a difficult time and I can understand why you may have hesitated in a decision to let him live.   Are you looking for mothers always having access to medical care which you almost did not have? I agree, they all should. Though I don't think you would have been turned away at most any hospital--it probably happens on rare occassion. But I agree, women should have whatever medical care they need.  If you are looking for me to say that "abortion is ok in some circumstances", I can't do that unequivocally. If the life of the mother is in definite danger, then yes.
I am looking for you to recognize that a pregnancy CAN'T SUCCESSFULLY HAPPEN without addressing the circumstances of the mother - WHATEVER those may be.  Yes, we know. That is one reason why pregnant women are often treated with respect and sympathy all the time in our culture. But you are basically arguing that people accept ANY circumstance of the mother as grounds for abortion, and that's not going to happen.  YOU can dismiss everything but health/life of the mother but I can pretty damned well assure you she WON'T.  You are wrong there about many women. My wife is more pro-life than I am--she would do everything in her power to have a baby (and has) and can't stand it when women put their own health over their unborn son or daughter. She has said that a good mother won't do it after they are born, so why should they do it before they are born. (For what it's worth, I discouraged her from reading your posts simply because I know it would make her so angry towards you, or people with your mindset. If she wants to though, that's her prerogative.)  Trust me, be glad it's me you are discussing this with, because you don't want to go head to head with her on this issue.  Get it? She is not a Barbie you can bend to your will with law. Do you see her? Do you recognize that babies grow and live inside WOMEN?  Yes.
No, the decision involves one person, the woman. Whoever she recieves input from, she makes the only decision.   That's one of the problems that I have with the whole Pro-Choice crowd. They want full accountability for the father to pay child support if the woman decides to have the baby but places no weight on his feelings about termination of a pregnancy should he want the baby.  You say you know the constitution so well, and you say that you don't want the Federal gov't involved in our lives in many ways, so how how how do you justify a Federal ban on abortion? I'm in favor of the Federal gov't enforcing laws against murder, if that's what you are asking.  Of course I know that it could be against the law. That doesn't make it constitutional, or right. Agreed. It's all a matter of perspective, I guess.  Not with how our technology currently works. The fetal lung does not mature enough for it to recieve mechanical assistance. It simply isn't developed enough to breathe in any form. An artificial womb and artificial umbilical cord would work, if we can develop them, but by then the abortion debate would be moot because an embryo and fetus could be removed from the woman's body if she chooses (which is the core of abortion rights, the right to not have to be pregnant, I think). Of course, that's assuming all this is safe ;) The safety of the woman comes first, even before the life of the fetus. Today's technology is limited, I agree. But there is work being done with O2 transfer in fluids that would amaze you. Have you ever seen the movie "The Abyss"? That technology isn't that far-fetched. And I agree with your final sttement. "The safety of the woman comes first, even before the life of the fetus". Where we probably disagree is in the definition of a "woman's safety".
A single mom is also often NOT treated that way. Trust me - I have some ten years experience on this - and most the snubbery has come from conservatives who also happen to be pro-life (not all pro-lifers mind you - just some - but never have I got it from choicers.)  I'm sure that's true, and we as a society should find ways to do better with that; but it still doesn't justify abortion.  Help find ways to make it work for both mother and baby and you will have better success, not to mention happier, healthier - moms and babies.  I'm already in favor of this, and I don't know too many pro-lifers who aren't. The mentality that pro-lifers in general hate women and mothers is just not true.  1 - the idea that she, a complete stranger, gets to determine whose health is more important - mom or unborn baby. What if mom already has three kids and she is their only support? Does one unborn baby matter more than four people?  Would it be an issue if the 'unborn baby' were in fact already born? Probably not. For many pro-lifers, the delemma shouldn't even be there. For a loving mother, she would never look at the situation as a choice among her 3 living children, so why would she do the same if one was unborn? For some reason that one issue of one the children being unborn changes the whole equation for pro-choicers, to the point where suddenly the baby is not a baby, but irrelevant. My wife doesn't think it should be that way and in most cases neither do it. Your response to this has been "not all women are loving, though." But that is exactly the point. In my opinion, aborting a baby in most cases IS an very unloving thing to do. That is why pro-lifers are generally against abortion.  2-Not every pregnant woman will be a mother - or should be (due to number three).  Again, you have not shown how this justifies abortion.  3-Not every woman is a good mother. (or can be)  Again, you have not shown how this justifies abortion.  Tell her to bring it on. It infuriates me that she can't step outside of her own loving world long enough to see that not everyone has one AND that she has the absolute arrogance to get infuriated with women who won't risk their lives for her cause.  Come on now, be honest. You know good and well that is not the reason she gets infuriated with other women. Pro-lifers aren't looking for someone to "join a cause", they are looking to save lives from the one issue that has taken more lives than the holocaust, all because of the futile reasons you listed above. None of them can really justify a woman killing her own son or daughter.  I can hold my own. And I am well-practiced.  I've got no doubt of that. She's just not into debating.
The current monkey in cheif is reversing all that and rates are going back up.  Allegations without proof are not real allegations.  You can't protect that baby without her. No law in the world will change that.  Of course not--that is why it is important to help some women realize the worth and joy of the miracle growing inside them.  In the example I cited we are talking about a women risking the her health/life and the livlihood for a pregnancy.    What you call a "pregnancy" is really a life that will grow into a toddler, a teenager (like your son), and an adult.  You can keep trying and reduce it to terms like "pregnancy", but that doesn't change the fact that every time an abortion takes place, that life is ended.  Bacause in few other situations would it have to be. If a pregnancy will change her ability to provide for her children - it's not just some vague notion of having to choose - it is having to choose the life of one child, not yet born, over everyone else.  Why should a woman view a baby that is about to be born as so much less important than a child already born?   The point is, the only reason it's a either/or scenario is because the mother considers it so based on the fact that she doesn't view the baby about to be born as important, as if somehow magically it suddenly becomes worthy of her love the minute it leaves her birth canal. It's a child too, just like her others.  The argument that she should abort because she can't afford to raise the extra child is no different than an argument she should kill one of her own children already born for the same reason. Both things are terribly wrong.  I am aware of no law that demands a parent put their health or life on the line for their child.  Then you don't know the law very well. If a mother lets her child die out of neglect, even if she claims it's for her own health, she can be charged for murder. (as she should be.)  Every living already born person in the life of an unborn person does not take second place to the unborn.  As you know, I didn't say they should.  And you and your wife seem to think that once pregnant a woman is irrelevant along with anyone else in her life. There is nothing but the unborn. Your rage at women considering their own health makes that pretty obvious.  This is so ridiculous. Why is it that anytime a person thinks for the unborn child and not just the mother, they are accused of something like "rage at women?" You are out of control, get a grip.  Abortion is about pregnancy, not parenting.  This is where you are terribly wrong, to draw a dichotomy between the pregnancy (which involves the mother and baby) and parenting (which involves the mother and baby.) Here's the deal: The ONLY substantial difference between a baby a week before birth and after birth is that the baby hasn't exited the birth canal. Oh sure, there's a cord attached and a placenta. But the mother (unless she's giving it up for adoption) still has the responsibility of giving it the nutrients it needs even after birth.   Try telling an expectant mother who is singing to her unborn baby, avoiding alcohol, even reading aloud to the unborn baby (which many expecting mothers do) that she isn't being a parent. Go ahead, I dare you. Tell her what you told me--that having or killing that baby is not about parenting. What a mother does before the baby is born can't be separated from parenting no matter how much you want it to be. You indicated yourself that some mothers use abortion to get out of parenting (finances, for instance) so you are contradicting yourself.  Sheesh.
Well I'm English so I hope you don't mind me replying.  Anyway I am pro-life and for gun control (In that you need a licence to own one).
Gotta get some pro-life people in here :P "You raaaaannnng....uuuuuuhhhhhh" :) I'm very pro-life and very pro-gun....but I bet you guessed that.  emoticon_xkill
"You raaaaannnng....uuuuuuhhhhhh" :) I'm very pro-life and very pro-gun....but I bet you guessed that.  emoticon_xkill  Right there with ya! Spread the word!!
I'm VERY Pro-Life. And I'm for people being able to own guns, but I don't want machine guns out on the street, and I think you need a permit. But you should have the right to own a gun.
Why are you folks pro-gun and against gun control? Philosophically I mean, not "it's in the constitution".  To me, owning a gun is no less a right than owning a refrigerator. To equate gun ownership to abortion is absurd
Eh? I'm not equating them, I'm seeing if there is any correlation between them. That would be absurd :P  I was responding to this Why should we have the right to own a gun? Why shouldn't the gov't be able to decide whether or not you can? and it seemed to me that you kinda were. Your point appeared to be that if the government can "control a woman's body" then why can't they tell us what to do with guns
The difference between controlling abortion and controlling guns is that: Just because I onw a gun, does not mean I am killing a person. I don't think you can argue the same about abortion.
Every child has a fair chance in this world but if a woman chooses to have the baby rather than having an abortion knowing she doesn't have the ability to care for it would you rather find the baby dead in a trash can like some woman do or know that she has had an abortion?  In principle, there is no difference between the two as the result is the same, a dead baby.  Also, to all the woman who have had abortions, do you regret it? Think about it, that unborn baby you just killed could have been the man who cured cancer, or the doctor who saved a dying baby, or the first female president ever.  I've always disliked this line of logic because it implies that the value of somebody's life depends on their relative accomplishments and it invites the counter argument that the unborn in question could also become a criminal. Indeed, it has been argued that abortion has reduced crime, poverty, overpopulation and the depletion of natural resources.
Indeed there is no diffrence it is still a dead baby but throwing a baby in a trash can and leaving it for dead is far more cruel than abortion.  You can make a distinction between different ways of killing based on the relative cruelty of different methods if you like. I don't see the point.
In the same sense that shooting an intruder when he's charging at you is the same, in principle, as shooting a fleeing intruder.  When the baby is born, there are a myriad of choices open that would relieve the mother of the responsibility of motherhood while allowing it to live. There are no other choices open to her to relieve her of the fetus inside of her.  A facinating way of framing it I should say. I could simply reply that pregnancy is preventable, that it is not a permanent condition and if one is patient it will end with the child's birth. I could also point out that the fetus is not responsible for the pregnancy in that it did not decide on it's own to come into existence and plant itself in the mother's womb but rather it was the mother and father that made the child through their actions so why is it made to pay the ultimate price?
I happen not to be a she.   BTW this is why I believe birth control to be the responsibility of the woman alone. A man may want to protect himself but a woman has the responsibility for herself. Except in the case of a birth control failure, that "two to tango" argument is nonsense IMO.  Just out of curiosity, why wouldn't the man have at least some obligation to prevent a pregnancy the woman does not desire?
In my opinion abortion is nothing but murder. The only one who has a choice in who should live and who should die is God.  Conclusion: If you screw around, you get the consequences: a child that you have to take care of.
That's all a child is to you, then. A consequence that you can inflict on slutty women that screw around. "You did wrong so I'm going to punish you with this child". It doesn't matter if it's wanted, if it can be cared for, only that you can punish those evil women for having sex.  Seems to me that a child is a pawn, a nuisance, a parasite, or a punishment or some small collection of living cells that can be safely removed rather than a living human being to alot of people. Or at least it is treated as such. Could it not be argued that the unborn child is the one being unjustifiably punished when abortion takes place?
Agreed, it can be that to people. I wouldn't say a lot of people, though.  I would agree that a fetus is "a collection of cells" to a lot more people. However, a child is usually more than that for a variety of reasons.  "unjustifiably punished"? How is it unjustified, and how is it punishment?  Unjustified because the unborn don't deserve to die. They did nothing to merit death (unlike a convicted murderer or aggresive attacker for example). I believe it can be persuasively argued that although there is no intent to punish the unborn, the effect of abortion is the same as if they were in fact being punished (much like execution).
"deserve to die" is an interesting way of putting it. There is no ready answer to that besides turning it around and asking if women deserve to be forced to gestate for the morals of other people. It becomes a question of who is more important in the pregnancy relationship, the woman who has to provide the organs for the developing human, or the fetus that is in a somewhat parasitic relationship with that woman.  First of all, I would like to clarify something. Although I consider it desirable for elective abortion to be illegal, I accept the law as it stands and wish only to see the law changed as a result of persuasion but more importantly I wish for abortion as birth control to become obsolete, unecessary and eventually nonexistent as a result of persuading everyone to a) prevent undesired pregnancies and b) choose not to abort when an undesired pregnancy occurs. As to your points above, It would be innacurate to say that women would be forced to gestate for others morals. Here again, the unborn child is essentially being ignored or treated as a pawn or a nuisance instead the subject of concern. What is being asked is that women make a temporary sacrifice (pregnancy is after all not a premanent condition but a 9 month period of inconvenience and difficulty) for the sake, not of other people's morals as you put it but for the life of the unborn. In this tradeoff, both mother and baby live and after child birth the mother has options. If she gives up parental responsibility then she can move on with her life.  It also raises the question of fatal complications during pregnancy, with the choice between killing the fetus or killing the woman and saving the fetus. The fetus "did nothing to merit death" of it's own actions. The woman had sex, but does that merit death? One will have to die, though neither did anything to merit death..  This point is obviously valid. In this case it is not right to ask the woman to trade her life for the unborn although she may freely decide to do so anyway.  There are also innumerable ways that a pregnancy can put a woman's physical, mental, emotional and financial health at serious risk, even if not her life. Does she deserve that? For having sex? Does she deserve to be forced into the role of an incubator for a creature that she does not want to be the life-support system for? Oh, I hear the cries of "she had sex so she consented" but consenting to sex is consenting to sex, not to being pregnant.  It seems to me a moot point to say that a woman is not consenting to pregnancy when she consents to sex. Pregnancy is a possible result of sex and that is not at all unknown to the participants. Pregnancy prevention, however that is achieved, should be the main focus for people who want to have sex knowing that pregnancy is a possibility.   As to being punished, there has to be a percieved fault or offense for the fetus to be punished. The pro-life position is attempting to punish women for having sex by setting up a legal consequence. I suppose you can say that pro-choice people are punishing the fetus for existing, but that would not be true since pro-choice people want the choice, not for every woman to have an abortion. You cannot say abortion is punishment because it isn't mandated, it is a choice.  Then I would simply say that it is not unlike an unjustified execution when abortion becomes the CHOICE as you put it.
What seems to be missing here is the value of all human life. The "refuse medical attention because God wanted the bus to hit me" line misses the point. Most women survive their prgnancies. Everything possible must be done to ensure the health of the pregnant woman. ALSO, everything must be done to ensure the health of the life in her womb. That's it! The effects of the unborn child upon the mother (as long as the mother won't have her life threatened) take a back seat in the desire to protect an innocent life.
What seems to be missing is empathy for women who don't believe they can handle pregnancy and childbirth. Oh right, we don't care about women, only what they carry.    Yeah, the few who don't are insignificant. We can lose a few.  What I was talking about was not death as a result of the bus hit, but maiming and/or life changing event. Should you be refused medical attention to heal you and get your life back?    Without her desire or consent? Shall all women report to the local police station when they are due to ovulate to check if they're pregnant? If they are, shall their life be taken out of their control, be locked up so they can do nothing whatsoever to endanger the real important thing? Should we as a society "ensure the health of the pregnant women" against her will?    The effects of the "unborn child" (this term amuses me... makes me think of "undead corpse" to describe an alive person) upon the woman should be of paramount importance. The woman is the most important one in the pregnancy relationship, not the fetus. The fetus' rights to the woman's body should not be superior to the woman's right to her own body.  "innocent life"? Innocent of what?   Did you even TRY to understand my point? You didn't even acknowledge it... I wrote that BOTH lives are importiant (mother and unborn). You obviously don't consider an unborn human to be anything else than a parasite. Fine, that's your right to your own opinion. However, can't you be open minded enough to see that for those of us who consider an unborn child (a term that should not confuse you) an equal human life form, that intentionally killing him/her for ANY REASON is barbaric? I write not to change your mind, but to see if you are intellegent enough to appreciate another point of view.  Please respond if you want to have a serious discussion. If rhetoric and off-topic sarcasim are all you have to offer - don't bother.
Oh, I understand your point :) As to the importance, I consider the woman important as a member of society and as a person. The "unborn" (I said the term amuses me, not confuses me.) is none of my business, only hers. My opinion of it, positive or negative, has no importance whatsoever, or at least should not.  I understand that you think it is barbaric. I disagree.    I'm all for a serious discussion :P Most pro-lifers have run off apparently  Thanks for your reply. If I did not think the unborn was a equal human life (and I can see how some don't) I might even agree with you....  I think you may like this quote, I know I do.... (It is by Leonard E. Reed) "Principals must be adheared to or surrendered. They can not be compromised. Honesty is abandoned as much by the theft of a dime as a dollar."  Regards  P
I don't believe abortion is ever the right option. When the baby starts to grow, when it is first conceived, it has DNA unique to it. It is no longer part of the mother of father, but another being growing inside the mother, and she has no more right to end this life and the life of any other human.   I believe that the heart begins to beat at 5 weeks, and the basis for the baby's brain, bone marrow and nervous system are in place at that point.
Abortion is murder. So its always wrong to kill an innocent person.
Abortion is murder. Plain and simple.
Right on prototype.
Well, I believe the fetus should have the right to live. It's just as human as it ever will be. But in cases of rape, or if the mother's life is in danger, it should be legal.
Why should the option to kill the fetus be allowed in rape or incest, clockworkgirl21?
Why should the option to kill the fetus be allowed in rape or incest, clockworkgirl21?   Well, a woman who has consentual sex knows it's a possibility that she could become pregnant. But a raped woman had no choice. Rape is a terrible crime, and often has two victims. The mother, and the aborted fetus.
Well, a woman who has consentual sex knows it's a possibility that she could become pregnant. But a raped woman had no choice. Rape is a terrible crime, and often has two victims. The mother, and the aborted fetus.  But it needent have TWO victims if the fetus isn't aborted. emoticon_confused
Rape victims need to heal emotionally as well as physically. Any idiot that thinks that a rape victim should carry a pregnancy to term is, well, an idiot.  And any idiot that thinks being raped leads to more than a rare instance of pregnancy is an idiot. emoticon_angry
A rare instance is still a possible occurance. Should pregnancy occur, my statement still stands.  And in rare instances, pigs can fly. :)
so THAT'S what that pink thing flying outside my window was :)  Sometimes you need "shelter from pigs on the wing" (Pink Floyd's Animals) emoticon_xgood
What?....What?....What?....What? I've got to concentrate...concentrate...concentrate. I've got to concentrate...concentrate...concentrate...Hello?...Hello?...Hello? Echo...Echo...Echo...(over PA system)Pinch hitting for Pedro Colon...Manny Mota...Mota...Mota... __________________
I'm sorry, I just couldn't pass it up :)   ANYWAYS, I contend that abortion is murder and has/will lead to the acceptance of euthanasia, more extreme instances of infanticide, eugenics killing, and so forth.
Is that why we're offing so many people in Iraq, Bassman?The cost of war, folks.  I thought our prez was "pro-life". Where life is most vulnerable is in the mother's womb. Unfortunately, those on the Left want to continue the American Holocaust.
Abortion is murder. So its always wrong to kill an innocent person.  It is wrong to intentionally kill only innocent people.
I'll answer based on the 13 year old scenario.  Having a pregnancy can be harmful ( beneficial in some cases), and maybe even more so to the 13 year old because of her youth. However, as the debate about wild possibilities existing goes, there are the more threatening dangers of abortion. Which, by the way, are much more likely than a flying pig.:)   Whether the abortion is early or not, the procedures can do multiple things. For instance, her fertility and conception cycles can be messed up, preventing conception later in life when she does want to get pregnant. She could be psychologically damaged by this for life, not counting the rape experience. Month-long lasting pains. Severe depression, guilt and the possibility that she will feel guilty and blame herself for her baby's death.  Carrying the baby to term may be painful, but once she has given birth, she may find herself much better off bearing a new life. This has happened before, though I'm not sure if it's as likely to happen as abortion damages. But if not, she may give the baby up for adoption. I don't believe she should be charged with its total care considering her age, her own parents would have to take care of that. But considering how we can tract rapers, that man should be forced to help support it.  To answer the question "Should she be forced to carry the baby to term", I don't think that's quite the right way of asking it. A 13 year old girl is not going to automatically think of killing her baby. Her parents and friends and other family relations may persuade her (and force her sometimes) to have an abortion against her will. (She is not getting the support she would want during such a time, and the girl would give in to them since she's only getting prods toward the clinic. She has nobody to help her.)  The question should rather be this: "Should she be prohibited from carrying a baby to term." A girl so young will not think of killing her baby, the family will try and force the procedure on her. They're more concerned for their own reputations more than they are for her. You should try a different scenario, Ooaman.
Um, ok. So the tens of thousands of Iraqis killed in the recent invasion of Iraq were not innocent, not even the children, the women, the fetuses in the womb.  Sartre, what, precisely, were these children, women, old men, fetuses in the womb, guilty of?  Maybe a lesson in reading comprehension would help your debating efforts.  I wrote: "It is wrong to intentionally kill only innocent people." Innocent people do die in war, but they aren't specifically targetted. :xbanghead
OK, Sartre, so it's only God's will that innocent people die in warfare and that makes it OK.  Any priests in this forum? I think Simone needs an exorcism. emoticon_xangel
So your argument flows like this:  You have sex, knowing that pregnancy is a possibility. If you then fall pregnant, it is assumed that you consented to this pregnancy.  I like it.  Lets apply it to something else, shall we?  You walk down the street, knowing that getting mugged is a possibility. If you are then mugged, it is assumed you consented to the mugging.  emoticon_xdonno emoticon_xdonno emoticon_xdonno   No, you don't. A mugger doesn't walk up to you and ask "Can I beat you up and take all your money and kidnap you and hold you for hostage for more money, or maybe I'll traffick you to other countries?"  Your scenario is faulty. For instance, getting married raises the possibility of your partner wanting to have sex with you. If he has sex with you (whether you like it or not) it is assumed that you consented to it. Do you see how your logic is flawed? It doesn't work the same way, Adept.
LOL. Not around my house it didn't.  My condolences. emoticon_wow
No, no no...:xbanghead   I wasn't saying it that way because of fact, I said it that way to imitate the way Adept put his way of thinking.
Does this mean that a couple should be allowed to have sex as much as they please and not have to care for the baby they conceived? They don't have to think about it, consider the situation beforehand or the consequences of their actions?
Yup! It's in their best interests, of course, to do some serious thinking and planning beforehand, but people don't "have" to. You can't count on people to look after their own best interests; sometimes it takes too much time, too much money, too much honesty, too much humility, etc.   They don't have to think beforehand of the consequences? They can have sex and have an abortion any old time they want? That sounds pretty irresponsible to me.  And, sometimes being responsible for your actions means having an abortion.   Nothing justifies abortion. I know you and I had a huge debate about this particular statement, but as of yet, I still haven't seen a reason why abortion (sometimes) should be considered taking responsibility. Even if it was responsibility, it should be considered bad responsibility.
1) - The two points are unrelated. In the first instance, it appears we can agree that knowing an outcome is possible does not mean we consent to that outcome.   Yes it does. You have sex, you know you run the risk of pregnancy, you get pregnant, you live with it. Nobody forces another person to walk down an alleyway where you can get mugged. You can still charge the mugger with a crime anyway, no police officer would say the mugger didn't do something wrong. In sex, nobody did anything wrong. Both were aware of the consequences, both had a chance to decide not to run the risk and both went ahead anyway. That is called consent, no matter how you look at it.  Knowing it is possible to become pregnant does not mean we choose to become pregnant every time we have sex. The second point is seperate, since whether we chose it or not, we now have a situation to deal with.   Well let's look at the first point again.  If you don't want to become pregnant, and if it is so horrible to be pregnant, why have sex? The risk is too great to go through something like pregnancy. This is, at least, what a lot of people make it out to be. They really only make themselves look stupid when they try to defend the irresponsible person's involved.  The two points are linked, and both should be discussed before sex. Sex is not a wood-dee-doo playtime for men and women to have a few minutes of pleasure and then kill the baby because they didn't want it.   2) - I'm of the opinion that (a) the caregiver should take all reasonable steps to care for the person recieving care, and that if the caregiver wishes to cease providing that care, they should take all reasonable steps to ensure another caregiver takes up that responsibility, and that (b) being pregnant for nine months is in no way a reasonable step.   A - That makes sense. Though, in an abortion, that does not seem like care. (let me know if I read that the wrong way)  B - It's more reasonable than killing in any case.  To translate, if a woman becomes pregnant and wishes to no longer be pregnant, then she can get an abortion if she wishes, as it is the only possible way to remove the unborn baby from her care. It would be unreasonable to expect her to carry the baby to term, and it would be positively draconian to force her to do so. I am in support, however, of C-section deliveries being required before an abortion can be considered, where applicable.   I'm in favor of C-Sections too. They're pretty dangerous, but at least the baby has a better chance to live.  If the woman has a baby, than it is draconian to think that she should be allowed to kill just because she doesn't feel like putting up with it. You be irresponsible, you bear the consequences. That just sounds like applauding irresponsibility and selfishness to the point of killing to me.  How would you make them? It would certainly be a good idea to encourage it (consideration for possible outcomes) but it is impossible to make it a requirement before having sex.   No it isn't. It wasn't that way before Roe V. Wade when the majority of women who had abortions were rape victims and abortion was (for the most part) illegal. More people thought about that sort of thing then because the penalties for doing so were in plain view. Now, with this free pass to life without responsbility, people can have sex as much as they want, and they don't have to bear the consequences of their actions. Making it illegal would certainly make the numbers drop, and it would make more people think before having sex willy-nilly.   And even then, as we discovered above, considering and acknowledging an outcome does not mean we consent to it. We put on a seatbelt every time we get in a car, because we know it's possible we will have an accident. That doesn't mean we consent to getting T-boned at an intersection.   A good driver who takes care of himself is safe. But another person coming along and hitting him is the other man's fault. Sex is not an accident, and pregnancy isn't either. You can't compare the two.
I guess you have you're own views on what is reasonable and humane, Adept. I won't try to change you're mind any further.   So it's sex for the sake of sex that you're against Proto?  You sound a lot like Simone right now.  I'm not against sex! Good grief, I wouldn't be here if it weren't for that!  But to answer your question bluntly, I'll say this. Yes, I am against sex for the sake of sex. You should not have sex unless you're willing to cope with the pregnancy.   "I want to have sex so much that I want an option that will free me of the risks involved instead of being responsible for me and my wife's health and safety." That is ultimate stupidity, inhumanity and selfishness.  You're probably thinking right now (unless you actually read my post through): "This guy is insane! He won't let couples have sex!"  I may be thinking: "Sinjin is insane! He/She wants to have the option to kill so sex can be a responsibility free activity.
Can you imagine what the U.S. population would be without abortion? Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot? I have brought up the following item for discussion before, but it seems relevant here, too.  Assuming abortion is justified as one means of acheiving the goal of population control, is it outrageous to consider 'removing' non-productive members of our society as another means of achieving the same goal?
Non-productive how? Criminals? How about bad artists? Stock brokers? Clergy? Philosophers? YGMD. By using whatever definition law-makers place on the term "non-productive."
Can you imagine what the U.S. population would be without abortion? Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot?  Actually, there's a birth every 8 seconds, and a death every 11 seconds, which means the population of the earth grows less than 1% each year...so, even with those aborted babies, the world would NOT be overpopulated.
Can you imagine what the U.S. population would be without abortion? Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot?  Abortion Statistics - U.S. [*]Approximately 1,370,000 abortions occur annually in the U.S. according to the Alan Guttmacher Institute. [*]In 2001, 1.31 million abortions took place.[*]88% of abortions occur during the first 6 to 12 weeks of pregnancy.[*]60% of abortions are performed on women who already have one or more children.[*]47% of abortions are performed on women who have already had one or more abortions.[*]43% of women will have had at least one abortion by the time they are 45 years old. **information obtained from http://womensissues.about.com Chastity rather than promiscuity.
babies produce virtually nothing useful until they mature by about 10 years! What about the value of a person. You were 10 and under once...  You see mouths to feed, I see people to be respected. In a lot of places/countires their decreasing birth rate is actually causing problems (causing a welfare state) and in very polpuluss countries the workers etc. are actually quite valuable to society. A big population can be a commuodity. I don't believe we should just all start breading like rabbits. Thats a weird and false view of what real "Pro-Lifers" actually believe.  We believe in the Sanctity of each life, from the moment of fertilization until natural death.
I have brought up the following item for discussion before, but it seems relevant here, too.  Assuming abortion is justified as one means of acheiving the goal of population control, is it outrageous to consider 'removing' non-productive members of our society as another means of achieving the same goal?  By removing you mean Killing the innocent of course, which is different to imprisonment of the criminal.
Can you imagine what the U.S. population would be without abortion? Who will take care of all these children when the potential parent cannot?  The idea of abortion as population control is absurd, especially forced abortions as someone mentioned a few posts ago. Anyone who has read a biology book knows the world has methods of population control on its own, we don't need to be doing stuff like that ourselves.  [*]43% of women will have had at least one abortion by the time they are 45 years old.[/list]  This stat sounds more than a bit inflated. Seeing as it comes from a website called "women's issues" it is probably not all that credible.
Actually, there's a birth every 8 seconds, and a death every 11 seconds, which means the population of the earth grows less than 1% each year...so, even with those aborted babies, the world would NOT be overpopulated. I think you need to double-check the validity of your sources...  By your stats, there are about 3.9 million births in the world per year and about 2.9 million deaths... which is roughly a net increase each year of one million people. Given that the current human population of the earth is over six billion, your stats give a net growth of less than two-hundredths of one percent per year. (Which would mean that it would take nearly 1,000 years for the world population to reach 7 billion.)  To arrive at an annual population growth of around 1%, there would currently have to be a net increase of at least 60 million per year (assuming a conservative worldwide population of 6.0 billion).
Yeah Harbinger, good point...could you imagine if Hitler didnt kill those Jews? That would be so bad!! We would have so many people here. Genocide is awesome. Why stop with just babies? Why can't get rid of dumb people (IQ below 65) or maybe people that are too old...I think we could do more with population control.   Yeah, the population control arguement is messed up on so many levels.
so why is population control a good arguement for abortion? Why don't we kill old people too...
...but this thread was about population control
I believe we address the 14th amendment already...but just for the heck of it...show me in the 14th amendment where it says WOMEN has the right to control their own body?  1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.  2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States, Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.  3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.  4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and claims shall be held illegal and void.  5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.   I've even posted it for you :)
Here is the first part...  1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.  Keeping in mind this was done between 2 slave amendments and this one clearly is talking about slavery....  Where is the right to privacy? Where is the right to be able to do whta you want with your resources?
couldnt have said it better myself Sigma...it is NOT in the constitution. You gave the 10th amendment...everything else is up to the states....therefore abortion should be a state issue not one for the courts. You talk about eating and such..the government can limit what you eat...for example you can't eat mushrooms (as a drug). It does say you have a right to life though...and once again you are right...it doesn't say anything about a right to marriage.  Also, since when can we combine amendments to form an idea? I gave the example to you of the traffic law and that was a bad one because with a traffic sign you most likely have the intent for intersection traffic control. That is direct intent. When you say the 14th amendment which talks about slavery relates to abortion and right to privacy (along with the other ones that form privacy) there was no direct intent for a right to privacy and I have a hard time finding where that comes from.
And anything not in the Constitution are reserved for the people. That includes privacy.   It is actually reserved for the states..unless they say nothign about it.  The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people  It does?! Where does it say that in the Constitution?  Doesn't have to say it...we have a law that does   You said "we already have it" referring to rights...who gives you these rights? What makes one haev these rights?    I showed you where your example was flawed. I don't have time to go back into it right now, perhaps later today.  My example was flawed in the fact that any traffic intersection law would have the clear direct intent for all traffic intersection laws....We could amend the thing by saying there is one law...you cant run a stop sign...someone gets hit by a car traveling down a road...you can't say that is illegal if the one law is you can't run a stop sign...One could not say the intent of the stop sign law was to punish those who get in accidents.  This applies to the 14th amendment and the others that make up the right to privacy...the direct intent of the 14th was for slaves to have the same rights...one can not say the indirect intent is for privacy. The courts over stepped their powers in Roe vs Wade.
Hmm, because you say so?    In this part:  (1) No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States;  As such, you can not pass laws that affect the "priviledges and immunity" of citizens.   and this part: (2) nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law;  Right there, you are prohibited from enslaving people, from removing their liberty, from controlling their bodies against their will.  And this part: (3) nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.  "equal protection." You can not deny the woman the control of her bodily resources unless you deny this right to EVERYBODY, meaning that you can be forced to give blood. Unless, of course, you argue that women do not constitute such a person, which is in line with typical prolife reasoning which makes her a second-class citizen, essentially nothing but breeding chattel.   If one does not know that the 14th amendment is related to slavery then one needs to take a class on the constitution. --- It still doesn't say right to privacy there...you just assume you already had it and then they can't take it away...so where did it come from?  ---  (2) nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law;   Notice it says life. and then we go down further and it says equal....how is a women killing the baby equal protection?
[QUOTE=Sigma]I bolded the important part. We are also reserved rights. The 9th amendment also specifically states that the powers not given to the gov't are reserved for the people. Since the power to force women to remain pregnant is not in the constitution, there can not be a national ban on abortion.  Yes, the states normally how power. However, since it was challenged the Supreme Court had jurisdiction. They held that abortion was a protected right under the Constitution and thus states must show "compelling interest" in order to abridge her right. QUOTE]  Well, since we concluded that it is reserved for the states (and yes I saw or the people), the states could but a ban on it....but then that means the Supreme Court would be over its jurisdiction if they heard the case. Since it is not in the constitution and reserved for the states right? Only Congress can give jurisdiction to the courts. ----  We just happen to have rights...who gave them to you and why can't I take them away? The Constitution doesn't guarntee any right to privacy as we have seen...It just doesn't say it anywhere. ----- If a law existed that only said "you have the right to privacy" then that would be the worst law ever. "I can kill someone in my own home because it is private"....IT would have to be pretty spelled out for me to like it. ------- HAHA thats true, the courts would never hear it. --- in our evolving example which one day I will get it to what I want to say....the traffic law for stop signs would have direct intent for intersection traffic. It would be pretty hard pressed to argue that they did not intend for safe intersection traffic while making a law about stop signs.  as for the due process stuff...blah, don't feel like responding to it right now...however I did see a website thta showed how the 14th amendment was ratified illegally!! It was kinda funny and very picky i guess you could say.
I am saying that every person have the right to privacy, to not have their body used against their will (Guess it has to do with "unwarranted seizure," perhaps?).  I am not sure about the specific point in the law, but I certainly know that you can NOT be forced to give blood against your will and consent.  I keep hearing you claim that the government has no "right" to use someone's body against their will, but you're argument is patently false. The government can and does use people's bodies against their will, it's called the military draft. Hundreds of thousands of men were forced into military service, so don't claim that the government can't "use someone's body against their will". It can. emoticon_rolleyes
wow, never thought of that :p...we don't use the draft right now though
Really? (looks around and under the chair). Nope, no draft here.  "were forced." Hmm, past tense and everything. :p  Yes, were forced. While we don't have the draft today, the precedence still exists and the fact remains that they were forced against their wills to put their bodies in harm's way. :p
Quite frankly I do not approve of the draft either.  But aren't there recourses and exceptions that can be made? A few, just as there are exceptions for abortions that threaten the life of the mother. :)
Health and rape. I will fight hard and mean against lifers until they can meet in the middle where women are valued a little earlier than the verge of death. I would have no problem with those stipulations if I knew that they weren't already being abused. If you changed it to "the life of the mother" instead of "health", I'd agree. But you and I both know that there are plenty of abortion doctors out there who are more than happy to justify abortions based on the "mental health and wel-being" of the mother. That nebulous term is an invitation to abuse, IMO.  Plus I know you don't support helping those in need and complain about bleeding heart liberals who do. Quite the contrary, I believe highly in helping those in need. That's what CHARITY is for, NOT government. That's my beef. Uncle Sam shouldn't be in the charity business.  "Be pregnant, have baby, (unless your gonna die), but don't actually expect me to care if it starves. I can meddle with your body - but you need to stay the hell out of my wallet." :xcensored  Between you and me, want to wager who gives more money to help the needy? I hear you spout liberal dogma all of the time, but do YOU put your money where YOUR mouth is? I DO.
Calm down... jitobear...calm down
Go to hell. You will neve value women and we will never agree.  I value women enough to still be married to one for 26+ years and still going strong. I've raised two intelligent, independent daughters. I'll let my actions speak for themselves.  Balls. It would go back to everyone working for the king(s) and nobody giving a damn for the poor. My bad. I forgot for a second that you were a true liberal that believed that Uncle Sam knew what to do with YOUR money better than YOU did. Isn't it great that Uncle Sam gets to chose YOUR charities so that you don't have to do any thinking on your own. :)  Why not? I donate to several organizations, have worked in homeless sheltered, have volunteered my time to lead activites for the mentally ill. I give money to my family when they need it. Sponsor other kids on school field trips, when their parents can't afford to. And on top of that - I don't whine about my tax dollars going to help those in need. How refreshing, a liberal that actually does something other than talk.   Conservatives seem to think that they are the only ones that pay taxes.  Considering that the top 50% of wage earners (majority are Republican) pay 96% of all income taxes, you're not far from wrong. :p But that's not the point. The Federal Gov't has no business being in the business of charity. Charity should NEVER be coerced. It should be freely given to those charities that the donor deems worthy. Your problem is that if Uncle Sam wasn't in the business of charity, your left wing social engineering programs wouldn't get any funding because nobody with money to give would find them worthy enough to receive any support.
Calm down... jitobear...calm down  Don't bother. A dose of anti-liberal truth always fires her up. ;)
come on now...be nice :)  Everyone here preaches "don't degrade...." yet we write down little insults that directly degraded each other.
Having a hard life does not make one have a more valid view. If this were the case then some homeless man on the streets that was in jail for something he didn't do and has no money and one leg after fighting in Vietnam would be more valid to answer lifes questions.  This said...your life experiences make you who you are, and that is more valid then anything else.
That's really condescending. I am a rape victim, have suffered domestic abuse, and was a single mom until three years ago. You trivialize a lot of what I have gone through. That's why I am angry. Another bang up job of not recognizing women and their issues - right here.  So your bad experiences and poor life choices are now all of MANkind's cross to bear? And show me where I've ever trivialized rape. The only thing that I said about rape regarded pregnancies as a result...which were rare.
Or not...I have gone through more than you know and yet I formed this mindset...Wait, i am probably lieing here huh?
Let's not overlook the fact that the first wave of Boomers will be retiring within five to seven years. Now, do the math. Since Roe, the US has had 50+ million unborn children legally murdered. My contention has always been that when you devalue human life, there's no telling what will happn next. First, the unborn. Next, the elderly and infirm. Yep, I'm referring to the "slippery slope" argument, but you cannot dismiss the pattern that's occuring now.
I think he is referring to us going back to eugenics..It wasn't really accepted when it first happened but it seems we might be heading that way as society feels the need to rank humans.
You would have a point if it were a gov't run program deciding who lives and who dies, but this is not the case. It would be closer to what you say if there was a national ban on abortion, imo. Roe v. Wade is government imposition of abortion by judicial fiat. The issue should have been left up to the states. Society is not deciding who lives and who dies, Steve. In fact, it is the opposite. "Society not deciding who live or dies?"
In other words, all women should have their legs stapled together.  Nah, stapling's so painful. How about superglue? emoticon_rolleyes
Have you been raped?  Have you been beaten?  Have you been abused?  Whos to say I havent?
There are questions. Just answer them.  no, those are questions I believe are too personal to answer. So think what you want but in the end you don't know anything about me.
Oh yes, JitoBear, remember that case of the woman who performed a penectomy on her hated husband with a sharp knife, what was her name? Bobbitt.  Bobbitting! Full speed ahead!  What do we have here, a man-hater's convention? What's the opposite of misogyny? Oh yeah, misandry.
Quit your belly aching! It was a joke! A joke, I would like to point out, that started out with comments (one being yours) about stapling or super-gluing women's legs together. It's a free society, baby. Women can make crude jokes at the expense of men just as freely as you did at the expense of women.  Careful, your double-standard is showing. When MEN attempted to make jokes in the past, you accused US of being mysogenistic, remember? If not, I can link you back to your own words. It seems your selective indignation is a one way street. emoticon_rolleyes  Oh, and my superglue comment was made as a response to a WOMAN's (or at least I think Simone's a woman) comment about stapling a woman's legs shut. :)
It quite entirely depends upon my mood. And quit rolling your eyes before I pluck them out. Careful, your Three Letter Syndrome is showing. :)   That does not mean I will not make jokes about men and and their hoo hoo dilly's.  Knock yourself out. Just don't apply your double standard on me and we'll get along just fine. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes :)
A zygote and a baby to me are the same thing. I wouldn't tell someone to kill either. Both are equal. The only difference is that one of them is older than the other.
If I were confronted by that scenario, I would not pick either to be destroyed even if I had too. I would not entertain the notion.  A zygote is just as viable as a human being as a born baby. Not knowing that it was being killed doesn't make it any less wrong. It's injustice to the first-degree. Killing either would be evil, and I would not be a tool to such a deed.
In the never going to happen scenario I wouldn't pick because I wouldn't pick between two 30yr olds sitting there.  You could say "if you have your mother (assume you love your mother) on one table and a random person on the other table which would you choose to kill or both die"...if you picked your mother to live does that mean the other person is less of a human worthy of rights?  Spare me the ridicious scenarios.
Cthulhu may go too far in his/her assumptions about the indecision of pro-life people, but his scenario does bring up an interesting challenge. I'm sure that it was never meant to be presented as a realistic scenario - that was not the point. The point was to try to make pro-life people admit that the baby is more worthy of consideration than the newly fertilized zygote. Your example of choosing between ones mother and a stranger is equally unrealistic for most of us but does not address the same type of question (the question in that case being how much worth one places on personal connections in deciding the worth of a person).  There are occasional situations in life where one is faced with choosing between two awful choices and one can only choose the lesser of two evils. Those type of situations can be quite interesting since they reveal to us our priorities and details of our moral reasoning. I remember being comfronted with the too-many-people-on-a-lifeboat scenario (so how does one decide who lives and dies) during comfirmation years back - again to force us to explore our moral reasoning.  Cthulhu's scenario may be an unrealistic one but would force someone who is pro-life to consider the relative worth of the baby vs zygote. It may be a very uncomfortable question (all of the lesser-of-two-evils questions are) but can be quite revealing. Given that introduction, if you or other pro-life people were faced with that awful choice, would you: 1) Consider both so exactly equally worthy that you would indeed be frozen in indecision, or possibly decide based on chance (a flip of a coin) 2) Choose one over the other based on moral considerations  Note: I believe it would be obvious to almost everyone that your choosing one over the other does not mean that you condone the killing of that other. It would be just a choice of the lesser of two evils, where it is acknowledged that both choices, in your view, would be evil.  You almost explained why my example actually does work. If you pick a mother over a stranger or pick someone to be kicked out of the lifeboat you pretty much placed a value on different people. The same thing is true with the zygote and baby. My point is that if you can't infer that abortion is ok even if you choose the born baby. This is the case because the person getting kicked out of the lifeboat or the stranger getting killed (assuming you picked your mother to live) all are worthy to have the right to life. Likewise I believe the test tube baby has a right to live as well (I assume the test tube baby will actually be able to live at some point in time) but that doesn't mean you can't pick the baby to live and thus make abortion ok.
One possible choice was left out of the original decision. If I recall the lifeboat question, it was possible to chose one's self for water treading duty.  Therefore, the correct moral response to the original question would be:  Kill the zygote. Suicide is a sin.  Suicide may be but sacrific isn't. Choosing your own life to save another is sacrific :)
Choosing to sacrifice myself instead of one of two children, teens, or younger adults would be doable.   Posed the original question, the zygote dies. Would you sacrifice your own life for a zygote? Suppose, for a second, that the decision is either one of two zygotes, or youself?   Should I ever decide to sacrifice my own life, so that a couple of zygotes may live, please don't tell my friends.  would you choose to kill three strangers to save your mother (assume they are unrelated parties)   The idea that you would pick one over another doesn't prove abortion is ok nor does it prove abortion isn't ok. I for one will not choose which life lives or dies...lets hope I am never in that situation though :)
Like I said in the added Note in my post, I understand that, if you picked the baby to live, you would not be condoning the killing of the zygote. THe point was to see if you saw a difference in their relative worth.  In the mother vs. stranger choice, I would obviously chooses my mother to live - not because I think she is worthier on a global scale (ex. it might be a choice between her and a saintly person) but because she is worth more to ME and I have no problem showing my preference in that situation. That other person may be somebody else's mother worth more to them than mine, but I would have been the one deciding. It would be a choice based on a situation uniquely personal to ourselves - subjective reasoning, not objective moral reasoning. Therefore, it is not as relevant. I understand your point but it is still wrong for the stranger to die even though one is worth more to you. Their is no universal truth to the idea that the zygote is less worthy than the born baby. If this were true than we wouldn't be having this debate. So like the mother, you decided what is more important to you and choose. This doesn't make the death of the other any less wrong...I think you tried to state this point though (correct me if I am wrong).  The lifeboat scenario is more relavant since that is a situation which adresses our objective moral reasoning. If I were forced to make the choice, then I would probably also volunteer to go out of the boat (that is the subjective aspect). When that wouldn't be enough, I probably would make the excrutiating choice for the old to leave (since they have less life left in front of them) or, if there is a violent criminal in the boat, I might have them leave as well (their violent acts toward others would have reduced their worth to the larger society compared to others). Those decisions would certainly not mean that I condone the killing of the elderly or of criminals. However, these decisions are the decisions that address my objective moral reasoning in this very unusual situation. I don't know which situation is more relevant but I do believe that the person that died had a wrongful death. Not to blame any person on the boat but you would be placing less value on someone in the boat and thus creating a sub-class of person....like a slave was (although i realize this was to much more of an extreme). This doesn't shift the abortion debate too much in my opinion though.  Similarly, the decision of killing the baby vs. zygote is not one that says that you condone the killing of one. Either beings have identical worth or they have some level of relative worth in certain situations. In the lifeboat scenario, one choice is to say that everyone has equal worth and we draw straws. In the baby vs. zygote situation, are you saying that you view them as being so identically equal in worth that you would draw straws, flip a dice, etc. to decide? (Namely, rely on chance?) I actually wouldn't choose....I suppose the draw straws idea is just as bad because you still are supporting the death of another (admittly you probably aren't thinking rational at this point in time).  In the case of abortion these scenarios really only come up with the life of the mother arguement (assuming the baby won't die if the mother does...this is way less than 1% of abortions). Most abortions you don't have to place value on life...and thus it becomes more like "let the zygote live and deny the unborn baby a prepaid college eduation or vise versa." In this case I choose to let a person live.
The zygote is the cell formed when the sperm fertilises the egg. The zygote has no brain, it has no conciousness.  You have two tables, one with a small test tube which you know holds a microscopically small living zygote, and another table with a live baby.  You are told that one of them will be destroyed and you have just two seconds to decide which, or both will be destroyed. Without a seconds thought I would immediately point in the direction of the zygote, and save the life of the baby.  Extreme pro-lifers on the otherhand would probably end up killing the baby or both via indecision and inability to make a choice in just 2 seconds. That's the morality of pro-life for you: the inability to realise that the chemical reactions that happen when a sperm meets an egg do not define a human person.  Am I wrong? I don't believe so. The sperm meeting the egg is a really random point to decide the emergance of a human person. Why pick that point specifically?  Let me pose a hypothetical question.  Same scenario as yours above but instead there is a genetically normal zygote on one table or on the other table, there is a mentally retarded newborn baby...which one will you choose if you had 2 seconds to choose?  You see life is existant at both stages, at the single cell and the newborn baby, but our view (sometimes ignorance, sometimes selfishness) is why we choose what we choose.   So do tell me which one you will choose?
 I know that you set your threshold of worth (point 2) at the beginning of pregnancy - i.e. at anything at or above a zygote. The point of the challenge was to see if you also see a relative scale of worth (point 1). In your case, you might then see one being worth more than the other (ex. baby over zygote) but the threshold that you set would require that both have the right to life (no abortion of either). I see what you are saying now. I don't place one worth over another..however, in these kinds of situations I doubt I would have the capacity to think as I am right now...in fact, I doubt many would. So I must say I don't know because I have never been in that position. I'm sure even you would like to say that you believe your mom and the person next to her have equal rights are should be the same...but those situations produce rather odd results.   You didn't answer my question.  Would you sacrifice yourself to save a zygote?  I'll answer your's.  Yes. I don't know if I would or not. I think that might get into a religious aspect with me ;).   As for the post above this one....you could go on with this example and say "what if you knew the zygote would cure cancer" and random stuff like that. In the end, this doesn't relate too much with abortion ;)
That is an incorrect statement.   Viability seems to be the topic that gets little mention here. Humanity, consciousness, personhood, sentience, etc. are all extremely debatable, as has been demonstrated, sometimes ad nauseam.   To you, it may be an incorrect statement. But if it is, you have to tell me what it is you kill and take the life away from when you abort the zygote. Not knowing if it is being killed or not knowing someone wants to kill it makes no difference. Injustice is still practiced there, and not even some abortion doctors realize it.  But viability outside another human being is a clearly distinct difference between a zygote and a new-born baby.   There's a distinct difference... so what? No baby at any age can live outside the womb. It still needs care and attention like any other. This difference in age doesn't mean anything.
I don't know if you read the last part of my post, but I'll repeat it more clearly.  A baby is always reliant and demanding of another person's care. A baby outside of the womb still depends on its mother (or somebody at least) to consistently keep him fed, to help him sleep and to change his diapers. A baby can stay alive for a bare minimum of time outside the womb, but it still needs care.  Viable may not be the right word for you. Maybe I should say as "Genuine" a baby as the newborn. And you're correct when you said: ""The probability is progressively less with each fewer number of weeks." But that only makes sense when the womb is empty. When the womb is occupied, it is occupied with a living functioning baby.
...Not letting a woman abort HER child... Interesting choice of words for someone who believes it is not a baby until "[it has] passed out of the womb and taken its first breath of air." Perhaps this was just a freudian slip? Or perhaps you have inadvertantly recognized abortion for what it is: the deliberate removal of life from a child. And if that is what abortion is, whose child it is does not matter; for, we have long since abandoned the notion that certain people are nothing more than someone else's property. It may be "HER child." But a child it is. And SHE has no right to 1) kill it, or 2) have it killled.  All this mantra about keeping one's moral beliefs to themselves is a load of crock, by the way. It does not make for a convincing argument in the least.  In addition, your vain attempt at the slippery slope argument is likewise unconvincing. No one is going to pass a law forcing women to become pregnant against their will. In fact, we have laws which prohibit that.  Also, your feminism is over the top. Women in America are allowed to run their own lives the same way men are: within the boundaries of the law.
Well, if you can kill your own child than why stop at birth?   And if we are calling things what they are than a child is a child and a human is a human....the fetus is a human :).   So you support some humans killing other humans? Interesting....and you preach for people butting out of your life...why do feel you should choose whether or not to kill someone else then?
Let me make it clear that I do not think abortion is in any way right, I DO however like the idea of having a desicion of sorts when it comes to my womb.   Does that mean you would do something wrong when it comes to you?  I also admit I might not be the world champion debator but I do know what my opinions are and where I stand. So what are you saying, that my opinions are vauge and poorly constructed, or that women shouldnt have controll over their own bodies?   Oh, women should have control over their own bodies. I agree with that completely. But not after conception. I've always had the view that such a thing ought to be considered before sex if the women doesn't want to be pregnant.  If she doesn't, then she ends doing something wrong in order to get out of the pregnancy; despite the reason.
There was one thing left out of the original question. Are you the father/mother of either the zygote or the baby? Or are you just some random person asked to choose between the life of either the zygote or the baby. (Perhaps there was no need for this but since the situation with the mother or perfect stranger came up, I noticed that there was no mention of relationship between you and the 2 being voted on for death.) By the way, how long can a zygote survive on a table? If I absolutely have to choose between the zygote that's just cells or a living breathing baby (without any mention of whether or not I'm a parent of either) then I would choose the living breathing already born baby. Especially if I'm only given what was in the original question.
Yes, I admit it, it was a slip of wording. Everyone makes mistakes. Let me make it clear that I do not think abortion is in any way right, I DO however like the idea of having a desicion of sorts when it comes to my womb. You do have a decision. Don't get pregnant.  And I guess you missed my sad attempt at sarcasm with the whole "forcing women to get pregnant" joke. Im not completly ignorant. Sarcasm is extremely hard to pick up on these boards, especially because some people really have used those arguments before in a serious way.  ...So what are you saying, that my opinions are vauge and poorly constructed, or that women shouldnt have controll over their own bodies? Actually, I have said neither. You were actually quite clear, and I believe women should have control of their own bodies, so long as they use that control lawfully. However, you said abort a child. If it is a child that is being aborted, then this is exercising control over another person's body.  My main point is that If I remember correctly their was some dispute over consent of the spouse and or parents. Not sure if this was the main point. But we can talk about that if you want.
Anyone who supports the war, or the death penalty, supports humans killing other humans.  Grown, adult humans.  Supporting either, or both, of the above mentioned attrocities, and claiming to be Pro Life is silly at best.  If thats your stance than a pro-choice person would have to allow for support of the war and death penalty
At conception a particular individual's DNA is established. This is a scientific fact. So from conception one certain individual is forming and most likely will be born if the pregnancy is allowed to proceed (the majority of pregnancies allowed to proceed result in a live, healthy baby).  Now, if the mother chooses to abort that person will not be born. You or I would not be here if we had been aborted. And why not? Because that person's life was ended while still in the womb.   Consider that person whose life was ended by abortion. How is abortion not killing? Why does it not matter to you that a life is ended by abortion? Even if it was just a clump of cells (I can hear this one coming) in the beginning, the fact is, in the end it will most likely be a live human being and that isn't changed by it's alleged "clump of cells in the beginning" status.  Please explain. :)
Actually I believe life begins at conception, that that life matters and abortion ends that life.  I also believe mama comes first and until we can seriously address the issues faced by pregnant women rather than demonizing  Your post was fine until you started into the "demonizing" bit. Why did you feel the need to get in that dig?  It's sad that the pro-choice movement has resorted to portraying a desire to protect the life of the unborn as "demonizing" women. Intellectual dishonesty.
There is no doubt as to whether abortion is killing or not, the main thing is whether it is closer to murder (the principle rather than the law seeing as it is not an illegal killing before some points this out).  The law is supposed to reflect the principle.
Actually I believe life begins at conception, that that life matters and abortion ends that life.  I also believe mama comes first and until we can seriously address the issues faced by pregnant women rather than demonizing them that they will abort whether it's legal or not.  I also believe that there are times when abortion is appropriate and necessary. what is considered "appropriate and necessary" is highly subjective. the fact is that only less than 5% of women abort because of health hazards or rape. the vast majority of abortions occur because the woman just doesnt want the child. of course there are issues that come into play: finances, acceptance, emotional stability, maturity, career, etc. these are not trivial, but at the same time they do not constitute a situation of life-or-death for the mother as so many people would like to portray.  with that said, we can still argue that the mama comes first. what happens when child is already born and any one of the above issues pops up? is it ok to "abort" motherhood?
emoticon_idea the baby belongs to GOD, the mother the dr. and any one else involved are condemned, yu see its called murder, purely in the first degree. emoticon_frazzled
Perhaps not demonizing them, if castigating women who choose to abort as selfish or immoral is not demonizing. But, favoring fertilized eggs, embryos and fetuses over women certainly reduces greatly the humanity of the female sex.  What you don't seem to understand is that we would have far more women in the world today if it weren't for abortion. There are far less women in the world today because of it than there would be women as mothers who would die or are seriously injured in childbirth. So in that sense, abortion is very anti-woman. It's anti-humanity.
From what I've seen, the birth rate has stayed fairly constant from when it was illegal to legal, so your charge is baseless.  No, they were still abortions even before it was legal. There are still less women in the world as a result, legal or not. The true pro-life position is that abortion is bad legal or not.
You've yet to prove that a fetus is a person, so this is entirely irrelevant.  Follow the logic . . .  - A fetus develops into a person if left to grow  - Killing the fetus prevents it from growing into a person  - Since many of the fetuses would grow into women, then my statement that there less women in the world as a result of abortion IS true.  I don't have to show that 'a fetus is a person' to make this arugment.
Which can be applied to b/c, so is utterly pointless - unless you advocate b/c illegal.  That's a red herring; this forum isn't even about b/c.
Obviously, you don't think it inhumane to strangle a baby at birth . . .   Of COURSE I consider that inhumane. Why would you say something like that?
Nope. b/c stops a person being born, just like abortion. Try and weasel out of it all you like, doesn't make it less true.  You are bringing up the irrelevant issue of contraceptives. Contraceptives and abortion are not the same thing. Some people use abortion as birth control, I'll grant you that.  A more accurate way of saying what you said is "B/c stops conception (the union of the egg and sperm)." Most all contraceptives work to stop the conception. Only a much higher power dose will cause an abortion, as in the post-coital pill (or "morning-after pill"). It will work up to 72 hours after conception and still only prevents 85% of pregnancies.  Contraceptives are generally what is thought of regarding birth control, and they are considered to work pre-conception, or in some cases as conception is taking place.  Abortion and b/c are two separate issues, although unfortunately some people use abortion AS a form of birth control.
Really? so there are women that have 30 abortions in their lifetime? Please provide proof.  I didn't give a number, you did. Surely you don't consider a stetch at all that some women consider abortion a way to control birth. That's what it IS, in a post-conception sense, by definition. It prevents a birth, therefore it is a way for women to control the situation. I'm not sure why you're arguing this--it seems like you would agee.  Your point was that abortion stops women being born. so does b/c. What is your point?  But most contraceptives work before there is even a conception. If you are going to start talking about pre-conception issues to prevent birth, the discussion can get ridiculous--we could go back to the sex act itself, or when the woman met the man, or heck, even when the woman was born. Abortion discussions by default are about post-conception matters. IMO a preconception matter is irrelevant to this discussion.
An extreme minority do this. We are not allowed to use the special case of rape, yet you are allowed to use the special case of this?  ???  Not sure what you mean by the rape comment, but regarding abortion as birth control, it seems to me that it's always used as a form of birth control. That's what it does--it prevents birth, period.
One does wonder because of what you say.  What did I say, specifically, that gives you the idea I would it inhumane to strangle a newborn??? Are you out of your mind??   If you are going to make such reckless and inflammatory accusations, I'm going to hold your feet to the fire and expect you to back them up.
Perhaps not demonizing them, if castigating women who choose to abort as selfish or immoral is not demonizing. But, favoring fertilized eggs, embryos and fetuses over women certainly reduces greatly the humanity of the female sex. Ah. Problem. You see you could be killing a girl. What If your mother chose to dehumanzie you? You wouldn't be around to enjoy anything or partake in this discussion, you would never have grown up to be a woman, would you?  Abortion is often the torturous mutilation of a child but this is as relivant as quoting the Qu'ran at you. I'm sure you'll start talking about the "but's" well heres one.  ... but what happens when it is during a stage of development when the child can feel their limbs being dismembered, the salt/urea burning their flesh, the pain of malnutrition, trying to breath while left to die in a bucket, their head being open and their brains sucked out, tortuorus posioning etc etc.  There are none so blind as those who do not wish to see.  You will just repeat your position and refut this anyway, time wasted. I'm sure you will justify even this (depending on your stance)...  You see I know there is a person behind that computer screen. I know you've got reasons for believing what you do. I respect you, but in no way do I respect abortion as justifiable.
Well isn't the beilef commonly held that women will be damned if they commit abortion unless they repent? I think that veiw is primarily the one doing the demoniaing isn't it?  Well I think this isn't a theologicial discussion but rather a moral one. If theology applies O.K. but if it doesn't don't apply it, but in my limited knowledge I will reply since it applies now.   If I kill people because I want a better life and don't care about what I've done and don't want God (which comes from the previous etc.) I can't enter heaven because I don't want to be there. Although I might want happiness this doesn't mean I want to be happy through loving (also the abundant reception of love). This love isn't what society calls love e.g. sex for pleasure alone is lust-self gratification. Heaven being a place of love as opposed to selfishness, indifferrence etc.  living the Gospel comes before teaching it (although teaching it can be part of living it). I will never convert a soul, thats Gods job.   If someone refuses truth all they see are lies.
If I kill people because I want a better life and don't care about what I've done and don't want God (which comes from the previous etc.) I can't enter heaven because I don't want to be there. Although I might want happiness this doesn't mean I want to be happy through loving (also the abundant reception of love). This love isn't what society calls love e.g. sex for pleasure alone is lust-self gratification. Heaven being a place of love as opposed to selfishness, indifferrence etc.  I am refering to If I were a murderer, not specificially to abortion etc.
I am a little unclear about Harbingers statements. Are you saying it is ok for the mother to murder something that is inside of her?
it says murder right in his post....thats why I am asking...and abortion was never "legal"...Only congress makes laws (in theory) and there has been no law saying abortion is ok. You may reply "well roe v wade made it legal"...kinda....it made it so the government cannot inquire about an operation that a female has...not that abortion is legal
most states still have laws that say abortion is illegal....they just cant enforce them because the supreme court would strike it down as unconstitional.
If women don't want to be pregnant they need to either practice abstinence or birth control. The life developing inside them shouldn't have to pay the consequence for their screw up (no pun intended). Women have to accept responsibility for their actions instead of taking the easy way out. They've got to learn if they want to play then they have to pay. God gave women the greatest gift of all to carry and give birth to a new life and now some women want to throw that away. Why don't they just get hysterectomies if they don't want to go through the process of birth?
Im gonna reply before someone types in "well what about if a women was raped"....I know it is coming.  If the women is raped why should the kid have to pay too? The fault is the person that raped not the kids fault. To punish two for the crime of one is not right. That kid would still rather live...The women will have to deal with the scars of being raped no matter what. As for the guy that raped...we should go to jail for life.
Would you please stop with the insulting...  I clearly said that the person at fault is the rapest...the women is a victim and always will be after a rape...so why make the child a victim too. Two victims is not better than one. Also, assume you could travel into the future 10 years and ask that unborn if he would like to live...he would more than likely say yes and even if you don't know that you should still probably assume yes unless otherwise stated.   You said violating her rights is the right thing to do. The only rights violated where the womens when she got raped. To say it is ok to then violate the rights of another person (the unborn) doesn't right the wrong. This goes back to the 2 wrongs don't make a right idea.
Who said an unborn could not feel? Partial Birth Abortion when they jam the sissors in the back on the babies neck the child actually tenses life you or me would.  time travel is a perfectly valid arguement and I do not see why I can't make it. The child doesn't have the ability to speak right away but one would assume in time it could and would probably want to be alive. This is however a weak arguement because it is hard to speak for someone whom you don't know. Although if you don't know what he/she would say...you should probably find out because he/she is just as much of a person as you or I.  if the unborn is a person it has rights. To say unborn is kind of like saying child or adult...it is simply a stage of life. So if the unborn has rights then they cannot be violated no matter how much of a burden it is on someone else. To say the mother shouldn't have to have the baby because she doesn't want it doesn't seem fair if one believe the unborn is a person (if one doesnt then its a different debate). If one does believe it the unborn is a person then it has the same right to live as you and I. This does not the fetus rights superior but rather equal to the mothers. The fact that she is raped is sad and the person that did it should probably rot in hell (my own opinion) but mean someone elses life should be destroyed too. I do understand your point that the mother not only had to go through a rape but now a pregnancy and sadly life is unfair like that. She was not treated fairly at all. We try to amend that by sending that guy to jail to make it as fair as possible. Killing a child is really unfair to the unborn child so what amend is there to make that fair? So to recap here....Rapest did and unfair thing to a women; women was treated unfairly and got pregnant; for this man goes to jail for life; child killed to make the women feel better?? I honestly just don't understand the logic about how killing an innocent justifies the wrong doing. One would not kill the rapest's dad for what happened.
with that arguement you could say a women that was drugged then raped was not capable of knowing was was happening to her (or drunk for that matter) and therefore ok. being able to "aware" or reason is not what a life is because life would go off and on at different times in ones life...even if they are knocked out.
HeavenBound,Nor should women be required to remain pregnant against their will and without their consent. Women's rights should not be violated in this manner, even to ensure the survival of another.  So, you're saying it's ok for women to have multiple abortions and violate the right to life of another, while they go on playing around some more irresponsibly?   Is forced responsibility really responsible? In any case, pregnancy is not something that should be used as a punishment for irresponsible behavior. Women should not be forced to endure detrimental changes to their body, just because they, according to you, need to "accept responsibility".  It's not a punishment to make someone responsible for their actions. Isn't that what most parents try to instill in their children, that when they do something wrong they need to accept responsibility. These women are not brain dead, they know there's a risk of getting pregnant with unprotected sex.   No. Every pregnancy should be wanted. No one should enter motherhood because she has no other choice. That is an exteremly sick view, imo.  She did have a choice before she got pregnant. The only sick view is a bunch of dead innocent lives thrown in the garbage can.   I see now. "They've got to learn". You plan on punishing women for having sex by making continuing the pregnancy mandatory. "Do the crime, do the time", eh?  I'm sorry, but sex is not a crime and pregnancy should never, ever, ever be used merely as a punishment, a beating stick, or a learning tool. Just because a woman is irresponsible is not an excuse for violating her rights in this manner.  Oh, so let's just let women run about being irresponsible, killing innocent lives and do nothing about it. In your dreams.   Perhaps they want children later. Why don't you have your testicles chopped off if you don't want children right now?  I see, so they get to pick and choose which children get to live or die sort of like a smorgasbord.   My testicles must have been chopped off at birth because I don't really recall having any.
I dont like quoting so I will just address them like normal...  Your first point about 80% being done is the first trimester I believe is true (from what I read). Are you saying you only support abortions in the first trimester?  If you don't like the time travel arguement then fine. You might have misread what I wrote too. I said it is a weak arguement for me to say I can speak for someone that I don't know. The point I was making is that you are right, I shouldn't be able to speak for he or she but he/she should speak for its self. I by no means said I am speaking for the best interest of the women. The best interest of the women is selfish and irrelevant. One does not always get to do what is in their best interest. An example would be me killing the guy that I am competing for a job with. It would be in my best interest so I get the job. The point is one have to be fair to both sides, the mother and child.  you said this "It is much more than simply a stage of life. I know it helps your points to trivialize the woman's... contribution (to put it very lightly), but I will not accept that her role is unimportant. She is, and will continue to be, of paramount importance in the pregnancy relationship."  This does not make sense to me because no where did I try to trivialize the womens role. I just said saying unborn is like saying child or adult...you call it what it is. To call a child a child is not undermining it. I honestly don't know where you might have gotten that conclusion from.  You say the government does not have the right to violate your rights or my rights to save someone else. I am assuming (and please correct me because if I am wrong because I am assuming) that you mean the right of the mother to abort the unborn. If you believe that it is a life then it has rights and thus the government can prevent you from hurting it. It comes down to, is the unborn a life, if yes, then it has rights, guarnteed by our the Constitution (assuming US). No one person has greater rights then the other.  I believe you state next that no one has the right to live at anothers expense. I will have to say I disagree with this 100%. Me living creates an expense to many yet I still have a right to live. Just because I happen to be a burden does not mean I don't get to live. A one month old child is a burden or expense on the mother and still cannot be killed.  you say I still want to be fair to the fetus even after the women was raped...Yes I do. The opposite would imply that it is ok to be unfair to the fetus because of the wrong doing of a man to a women. That doesn't make sense to me. The fetus did nothing wrong, the man did. The man should be punished. Who do I care about? I care about the innocent. In this case, mother and child. The one punished should be the man only. Having the baby is not a punishment to the women.  I believe the problem here is that you feel the rights of the women are above the unborn child because child happen to be produced in her. This just happens to be how people are created....the women carries the baby and I understand that sometimes she may not want the baby. But my agruement is that once a life is created no one can take away his or her right to life based on not being wanted or any other reason. I don't see one life greater than another even if it relies on someone to live. For the arguement that the women didnt consent...most cases she does, she consented to sex and therefore created a life and has no right to end that life. No one has the right to end an innocent life.
 In your zealousness to "speak for the unborn" you are forgetting that by doing that you are also speaking for the woman, who is perfectly capable of speaking for herself. The arrogance in assuming you know what is best for her in a situation as personal as pregnancy is, frankly, disgusting. It is her body. No matter your pure and noble goals in "speaking for the unborn", that fact does not change.     The unborn child is not 'her body'. The unborn child is combination of genetics from the male recipient and the woman. That unborn child is not in any way 'her body'.
Then what does it matter if 80% of abortions where done in the first trimester  It has no concept of choice huh? Because it can't speak? Because you believe it has no logic? A 1month old can't speak and has no logic either.  Next point...the women made a decision...now she doesn't have the right to make a decision for another.  You have the arguement that if someone is living off of you, then you have the right to kill it. No matter what you say, a conjoined twin is living off of another...should one of them have the right to kill the other?  ohh, so you think the mother is doing the kid a favor by letting him live. Maybe a mom could just stop feeding a kid at one day of age....she doesnt want to do favors anymore. Oh wait, thats child neglect. You live off your mother long past child birth....or i guess you could live off your father. You made the choice to have sex and thus have to deal with the fact that you created a life. You can't say "oops, didnt mean to create this life we can kill it" You gave that up when you created it because now that life has rights like I do.  WOmen have supreme rights? Who made that up? Should I read some of the founding documents? ALL MEN ARE CREATED EQUAL....it doesn't say "all men are created equal but women have more rights while pregnant"....Since you don't believe it is a life though....we should probably go there....but thats in the other thread i believe.
Equal rights for all. Thats what I said and what I stand behind. The fetus gets no more rights then anyone.  Women has right to life Fetus has right to life  everyone has the right to be a burden on someone as long as they dont violate the others rights.  Women has the right to life Fetus has the right to life  There is no one getting more rights here. You say women are asking for equal rights...what if the unborn child is a women...this is determined at conception. I guess what you are saying is she wants equal rights too. She has the right to life.  Women has the right to life Fetus has the right to life
oh, what gave me that idea.....I keep on saying it is our founding documents that say all men are created equal...and then the law that says you can't kill another innocent person.
http://criminal.findlaw.com/crimes/a-z/murder_first_degree.html  That just an example of VAs 1st degree murder law.  All men are created equal happens to be in the declaration of Independance....and, as the courts have decided :-/, in the 14th amendment
A woman does not have the right to live off of another's body against their will. You wish the fetus to have equal rights. Therefore a fetus does not have the right to live of another's body against their will.  But the fetus does have the right to life.  Hmmm, if we take your right "one does not have the right to live off another body" and then take my right "one has the right to live" we will have a dilemma between two rights. IF this is where it stands, then I believe the right to life is more important because one can gain back resources taken from them but one cannot regain life.
I am a bit hesitent(sp) to use the 14th amendment because I think everyone gets it wrong...it was written between 2 amendments about slavery and I kind of believe the 14th deals with slavery too....never the less...  I never said innocence but rather innocent.  It doesn't say innocent but implies the same thing...not guilty of breaking any law etc.
I guess you could say the unborn is innocent because he/she hasn't broken any laws or enfringed upon any rights guarnteeded by the law.  ...as for the 14th, thats the problem with it, it says what it says but no one believes it.   SECTION. 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.   SECTION. 2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the several States according to their respective numbers, counting the whole number of persons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States, Representatives in Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in any way abridged, except for participation in rebellion, or other crime, the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.   SECTION. 3. No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.   SECTION. 4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be questioned. But neither the United States nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and claims shall be held illegal and void.   SECTION. 5. The Congress shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article.    Wrote it down for us all.  I bolded the most important part...the Constitution is the highest of laws in the US....it says you get life
Sigma...where did that last one come from??? dang....can we say fast typer
I cant wait for sigma to start posting again....she was atleast civil about it. Thanks "siggy" :)
I don't agree that the 14th amendment can be used for whatever purpose...The purpose of the amendment is clear and that is how it should be used. Courts don't have the right to decide what others might have meant beyond the purpose of the amendment. I don't see where the 14th amendment was trying to say privacy.  Meaning that the State cannot violate the woman's liberty in this manner. Beyond the part you bolded, "No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States". The woman violated no law by having sex, and being irresponsible is not a crime, there is no cause to reduce, violate or remove her rights. The Supreme Court specifically stated in Roe V Wade that "person" in the 14th amendment does not apply to the unborn.   It doesnt say womens liberty in that matter. Privilege is not a right I still believe an unborn is a person  beyond that, the 14th amendment seems to be because of the Dred Scott case in many ways. This amendment was written between 2 other slave amendements around the same time...if fact it talks about slavery. While we can continue you debate abortion beyond Roe vs Wade I am waiting for a pro-choicer to stand up and say Roe v Wade didnt use the Constitution correctly.
False? I dont think so...  A privilege is not a right...??? all those were true  The Supreme Court is the supreme law of the land.  WHOAH....no it is not...the Constitution is.  Harlan making stuff up again...the Halo of the amendments...I believe the amendments were made to do just what they say. There is no hidden meaning behind them that can be applied to something else....An example I heard today was that when women wanted the right to vote they wanted the 19th amendment...they didnt want judges to find it in the constitution because it is not in there (at the time).
i dont mean to nitpick Sigma...I am just making it clear the the Supreme court is not the law...Congress makes laws. Supreme court is supposed there for disputes about the law. They, in theory, decide if someone has broken a law or not.   The hidden meanings applies because the right to privacy is no where in the constitution....It was made up by using many amendments which had a "halo" that made up the right to privacy. I don't believe the judges have the power to determine what others meant when they created an amendment for example. This article about scalia says what I am trying to say a bit better  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,150428,00.html (its also a topic on this forum)  ALso, I dont believe Privileges and immunities refers to rights because the founders beleive people had rights that no one could touch...the privileges and immunities however says they can be taken away with due process of law
They also strike down laws that they deem are unconstitutional   And where is that power in the constitution....oh right, they gave it to themselves.  They also don't have the power to do anything but apply the law to a conflict. as stated in our other discussion. (side note: isnt it weird that sometiems we have the same arguement on two threads but one seems to lag behind the other...so we end up saying the same things to ourselves twice)  In a sense. Several parts, taken together, are collectively called "right to privacy".  Where does it say the court can do this?!
oh and about the article...you went to it! :)  Fox News is not all that bad hehe...although Linda Vester stinks...and everything from 1-4 on Fox News stinks...and after 10
well, i still dont see where they get the powers for the court....they have the judicial power...thats it....one power....I defined judicial in another thread I believe. They don't have the power to give themselves powers do they? They also don't have the power to decide extra meanings of laws....like I said before you can't say the law for running stop signs can be applied to running stop lights...one can not say that was the intent of the persons that passed the law for running stop signs.
In order to judge a case, they have to decide what the Constitution means. In your example of the stoplight/stopsigns, they had a case they needed to judge. Since, according to the mythical constitution that they judge according states that if you run a stopsign you get a ticket, these judges decide that the intent was to stop people from running all manner of intersection signals. They needed to decide what the constitution said about that issue in general to decide a particular case   No, they can't do that because that is legislating from the bench...they now created a law that says you can't run a stop light and that was not the orginal law. In that case they couldn't do anythign for the person that ran the stop light. Only Congress is allowed to say you can't run a stop light if a law doesn't already exisit saying so. Remember the judges are not elected so for them to do anything more then using the laws on the books would be putting their own beliefs to become law and we are trying to not do that.   Oh and the definition is applied to all the courts because that same article in the constitution makes the Supreme Court.
No, it wouldn't because they created no law. They didn't rewrite what the existing law said, either. They set a precedent on how that law is applied.    Once again...you cant rule on a law that does not exist...if it doesnt exist you cant create it to set precedent on how the law is applied. The congress has to make the law saying you cant run a stop light. If a law doesn't say that then the court cant say you can. Judges can't create law at all....thats how we set it up.  ...you say congress can't say anything? Congress makes the laws! Thats what they are there for. Courts are the ones that cant say anything. They just have the ability to look at the law and see if it applies...in the case of thet stop light...no law....person that ran it gets off.
In our mythical scenario, they aren't creating a law. They are setting a precedent on how an existing law is applied in a similar situation, and as the original laws was intended to apply, to the judges mind.   But in setting precedent that created a new law that says you can't run stop lights because now you can't run stop lights while before there was no law. The judge also has power to find intent of the orginal law. The judge did not create it and therefore can't rule on intent. Maybe the ones making the orginal law wanted people to run stop lights...how does the judge know?  We probably should clearify our example....law in the constituition says you cant run stop signs.....no law about stop lights anywhere.....guy runs stop light and hurts person he plows into. Person takes guy to court...lets say Supreme Court for the heck of it.....the Court as this point can only rule based on laws that exist at that point. The judge can see the law about stop signs but cannot infer from that what congress would do in the case of stop lights...he is there to rule on the laws that exist not to create anything new. I will grant that this has not been the practice of the courts lately but many judges such as Scalia are ****** because of it.
A precedent is not law. No law is created, no law is rewritten.   its not a "law" but it kinda acts like one....on further review on our example, its not a good one to saw what I am trying to say because a stop sign law really has a strong intent and is written for intersection saftey...so thats not a good example...once my left pinky finger heals I will type out another example :)  I jammed it playing football today so typing is hurting like crazy.
As for the DNA defintion you are going to run into problems, is it Ok to get rid of one identical twin seeing as their DNA is exactly the same? Or chemotherapy, seeing as you will be killing a what you have defined as a new person - something with a new set of human DNA? Tumors don't have a unique set of DNA. They have the same genome as the person they are growing on. The only difference is that genes involved in apoptosis are suppressed or mutated (if one mutation creates a new genome in your eyes then maybe it is an entirely new individual to you, but i wouldn't agree since there are mutations and misreads taking place pretty often but they get repaired before they can do much damage).
You claim women were using abortion for b/c. if that were true, most women would have 30 abortions in their reproductive life. 30 is a pretty steep number, but I knew this one woman who saw abortion as no big deal. I think she had six or something.
The arguement for DNA making it a person is not one of my favorites however DNA specialists have concluded that their view is life beings at conception due to DNA...this is just one aspect of the science view on abortion.
There is generally a lot of mutations, not just one and it does technically code for something other than a person - if you cloned a tumour cell, you would get more tumour cells rather than a copy of the original organism. Its not quite the same, but the argument that abortion is wrong because a new set of DNA and therefore a person is made at conception is absurd Well, there's a minimum of one persistent mutation in a tumor suppressing region. Usually its in the p53 gene, which regulates apoptosis, but it could be on other genes.   Well, anyway, I can't see how one can make the comparison of a tumor to an embryo.   One is terminated because it threatens the life of a person and the other is terminated for other various reasons, but rarely to save a life.  I'll just say that at conception, a new individual human is formed. I really don't see how there is any question about that. An embryo is a human. The reason I sit on the fence about this issue is that it's such a rudimentary form of human that I don't think you can call it a "person" whatever that means. I just don't like the idea of ending the life of an embryo, especially for selfish reasons.   I think it would be interesting if humans laid eggs.  Then, we would be debating whether it was right to scramble them, where is the line where you can scramble them or not, and is it murder to scramble your fertilized eggs. Then there would be a clear visual for everyone (humans always seem to need visual aids). Then, there would be a clear line drawn. While the egg is forming with the zygote inside, a surgery could be performed that aborted the egg formation, but once the egg is laid, I would bet there would be laws to protect it.  Just a thought. :)
Your right, it is inconsistent, I dont think any baby ought to get aborted.
I guess it's because some pro-lifers have been brainwashed (as well as many pro-abortionists) that aborting a baby conceived by rape or incest will heal, or be a help to the victim.   I, myself, have come to the conclusion that abortions hurt much more than they heal. Not just phsyically (Side effects can occure months afterward) but psychologically as well. Guilt, depression, so forth.   In my view, abortion is murder, one way or the other and rare extreme cases don't justify its legality. Even the rape victim gets a better chance than the baby does. They're at least alive while they kill their baby. That in itself will eat at the person for years until they find some way of forgiving themselves.  I believe these testimonies to be real, and I feel sorry for those victims who feel obligated because of family relations' repuations to kill their own child. It really is sad.
 Abortions hurt much more than they heal. Not just phsyically (Side effects can occure months afterward) but psychologically as well. Guilt, depression, so forth.   In my view, abortion is murder, one way or the other and rare extreme cases don't justify its legality. Even the rape victim gets a better chance than the baby does. They're at least alive while they kill their baby. That in itself will eat at the person for years until they find some way of forgiving themselves.  I believe these testimonies to be real, and I feel sorry for those victims who feel obligated because of family relations' reputations to kill their own child. It really is sad.  What I've been saying here, and after awhile - the guilt, depression, etc - will get buried, deeper & deeper - but no negative/damaging experiences leave people. They stay quietly in the background-computer base -  until, as you said: Hopefully, the person "finds some way of forgiving themselves", right.   But what about in the mean-time? - And we know, from research & quite a number of Healers, that rot (inside a person) is damaging... and often in very unsuspecting ways.  Much better to life benevolently, in the first place.  Annie
I guess that is your opinion,so if you ever get raped don't get an abortion.The point is,is that it is a choice and not yours.If a women (girl) is molested or raped and doesn't feel comfortable keeping the baby who are you to decide that for them?Personally if I were raped and became pregnant I WOULD NOT keep the fetus,if someone else thought differently and they decided to keep a rape fetus more power to them,but don't expect everbody to feel the same as you do.The best person to make that choice is the one that has been through the rape/incest and has to live with the outcome.  Do I have tell you exactly how many rape/incest victims are the ones who decide an abortion is neccessary? How many of them need to have counseling years afterwards because they had the abortion, not because they were a rape/incest victim?   There are very few if any girls in the U.S. that would have an abortion after an experience like that. It's the family and relations that force them into it in order to keep the matter hush-hush. No doubt some of those reasons seem good, but abortion is an incorrect solution. The help a victim should get is a hug, some tears and comforting words so that they view their future life in a positive light. Instead, they bury them in words of "GET AN ABORTION, YOU'LL FEEL BETTER LATER". Yeah right.  Oh, I think I'll add that only 1% of abortions performed yearly are for rape/incest cases. And some years it may even drop lower than that. Should we keep abortion legal for just that 1%?
First of all rape is one of the most under-reported crimes so it makes sense that abortion due to rape/incest is also under-reported so that makes your assumptions and numbers off. and the most lied about ;)   But of course you are missing the whole point.You are not the one being raped so it isn't YOUR choice. yet the "mother" wishes to make a choice for another human...the unborn. Why the double standard?
First of all rape is one of the most under-reported crimes so it makes sense that abortion due to rape/incest is also under-reported so that makes your assumptions and numbers off.But of course you are missing the whole point.You are not the one being raped so it isn't YOUR choice.I don't need you making choices for me or telling me what is and isn't good for my emotional health.If one gets raped and DOES NOT want to be pregnant who are you tell them they have to be? Abortion should be legal for everybody who wants one not just rape/incest victims,for the simple reason that no human being has the right to substain life by using the body of another why should a fetus have more rights than actual persons?  It has equal rights. The rape/incest victim does not have to DIE, she has to live with a pregnancy, and that should not stand in the way of the baby's right to live.  And you should research rape/incest abortion cases more thoroughly, you're knowledge of their frequency seems kind of small considering your post.
Soooo, in your eyes, Steeeeeve, a rape victim has to have two witnesses to the crime before she is to be believed? where did I say that? A rape is a rape no matter if no one saw it or if everyone did. It just happens to be a crime that is lied about (not to police) sometimes. Wasn't really my main point...I just thought I would throw it in there since "rapes are underreported" was thrown in there.  Why not people make life or death choices for humans ALL the time..For instance when one chooses to remove a brain dead loved one from life support.I don't see it as being a moral issue,rather a medical one.I would say it is mostly a moral issue.
How can you commit a moral act against a non-moral being? I don't know of any non-moral being....human being that is.
a non-person is a non-moral being  Ok, so my cat is a non-moral being. All humans are persons, so what is your point? All you have done is shown that the unborn is a moral being and my cat is not.
No,not all humans are persons.Person implies personal identity and personality , you need a functional brain for that.Have you ever heard of babies being born without fully formed brains? They are left to die because they are nothing more than biologically alive.Mere biological life does NOT equal personhood.This is why braindead individuals are considered dead even though they are biologically alive.To say that ALL biological life has the same value is to degrade and devalue actual human personhood.You know this.If you were in a burning room and you had equal chance to save one of two humans,one embyo's in a petry dish or a 5 yearold girl whom would you save? According to you they both have the same value so why not choose the petry dish over the 5 yearold? Thats discusting  Abortion is disgusting...but thats beside the point.  My question is, why do you get to redefine person? It has a simply definition and an unborn qualifies. This doesn't even matter though because a word is just a word. It is the entity that has the value to it (not the word) and there is no reason to feel that an underdeveloped human is worth less than still developing new born other than discrimination.
I am sorry I think you misunderstood me.Even IF a ftus somehow has a right to life,they STILL do not have a right to that life if it means using anothers body without consent.No person has that right.You may find abortion immoral .Thats your opinion,but to make abortion illegal is granting more rights to a fetus that any other actual person has.I have a *right to life*but that doesn't grant me the right to hook up to your blood supply if I need a 24 hour 7 day a week blood transfusion without your consent.Even if not doing so results in my death.  What are you talking about?!?emoticon_xdonno emoticon_xdonno emoticon_xdonno   A fetus doesn't take blood from the Mother. And I would challenge you to show me a BORNchild in the world that didn't require physical assistance (from anybody) to survive. A born-child can't live without physical help, so I guess if a family doesn't want to support their child anymore, they can just boot them out and say they don't have the right to live off of them.
This is why braindead individuals are considered dead even though they are biologically alive.  First of all, they are not always considered dead. Remember Terri Schiavo?  And besides that, braindead people have woken up before and have returned to life as a normal person. To say that braindead people are not real persons is completely illogical, regardless of how many people think that.
A fetus doesn't take blood from a mother, huh?  Please tell me then why supplements with additional iron are prescribed to keep the blood of a pregnant woman healthy? If a pregnancy did not affect the blood of a woman, why would she need additional iron to maintain her blood during a pregnancy?   Does that take away blood? Or is it just something to strengthen it?  Why are there special vitamin supplements just for pregnant women if a pregnancy is not taxing to the body of a woman?   I didn't say it wasn't taxing. But it is not a part of the mother's body, and it does not feed off the blood like a parasite.  What the heck do you know about pregnancy and what it does to a woman's body.   More than you do. I lived to see 7 other of my own brothers and sisters born after me, and I saw what it did to my Mom. She never needed a blood transfusion to keep herself going.  How dare you spout all this blather about a subject that you know absolutely nothing about!   Nothing, huh? You live in a house for 15 years watching so many of your own brothers and sisters get born and watch your Mom deal with them, and you know an awful lot. I know even more now since I've been researching this issue. Have you done the same, or are you going to admit that perhaps I do in fact know enough about this issue to debate?
1. Terri Shiavo was not braindead. She was in a persistent vegetative state.   Sorry, I made a mistake. But that's pretty close though, she was just keeping alive on her tubes until her evil husband decided to kill her.   2. Brain dead folks never wake up. They have no brain function and can only survive with cardiopumonary support. By definiton, the brain damage is irreversible.   That may be the definition. But I've heard of people who were pronounced brain dead for over 10 years (camatose, whatever.) that have recovered. It happens, and it is not right to kill them.
I see you *mis-understand* me AGAIN.First of all,a mother isn't obligated thats what adoption and orphanges are for.If my child has a rare kidney disorder and needs a kidney that only I can provide,I am STILL not obligated by law to give my child one of my kidneys.A born child doesn't need to bodily live off another for survival BTW.One more time NO BORN PERSON HAS THE RIGHT TO LIVE OFF THE BODILY PERSON (ORGANS ,BLOOD) OF ANOTHER WITHOUT CONSENT.Removing a fetus from my bodily person which results in the death of the fetus is an expression of my right to my bodily person.  You still have to prove that a living fetus has less rights than you. You also have to remember that you got the fetus through consensual sex, and that the pregnancy is something you must deal with if you really cared about your rights to your own body. A fetus is not a part of your body, and if you didn't want it, you had no business having voluntary sex. You're right to your body and its desires should not stand in the way of a fetus's right to live.
NO BORN PERSON HAS THE RIGHT TO LIVE OFF THE BODILY PERSON (ORGANS ,BLOOD) OF ANOTHER WITHOUT CONSENT. What if you consent at first and once the person become solely dependent on you for survival you say "no...I don't consent anymore, go away".  I don't think you can morally kill the person because you don't consent anymore.
The pro-life argument quite plainly revolves around the premise that fetuses are human beings, and therefore have a right to life. However, many (if not all) pro-lifers say that they will allow abortions in the "extreme cases" of rape or incest. Now, what does that imply? Rape/incest fetuses aren't human beings, while others are? Pro-lifers say that they don't want the government picking and choosing who has the right to life and who doesn't, but this sounds like picking and choosing to me.  I think this inconsistency effectively nullifies the pro-life argument. Of course, to get rid of the inconsistency, the pro-lifers can bring rape and incest babies into the sphere of protected beings. The result - a horribly unreasonable position I can't suport.  Many people would allow abortions in extreme cases because they figure that since extreme cases make up about 5% of abortions then if they can get all but extreme cases then they will be saving at least 95%, which is better than nothing. After that they can work towards stopping all abortions. It's a step-by-step process.   I say abortion of all kinds should be illegal. 95% of abortions are a result of consentual sex. We shouldn't cater to the 5% just because they've had a tough situation. I sympathize with them and would do what I could to help them, but they do still need to have the baby, whether they give it up for adoption or not. This isn't a horribly unreasonable position. It's just a difficult position. Saying it's alright to kill a baby for any reason is a horribly unreasonable position.  People need to face the facts too. Sex isn't there for pleasure, it's there for procreation and happens to be pleasureable. Someone who indulges in this pleasure should be ready to deal with the outcome, which oftentimes is a baby.
I'd like to see an actual instance where an individual outside of the womb and breathing became dependent upon another person's blood, organs, etc. Vampires, maybe?  you all seem to love to use the violionist argument often....
Well thats because it makes a good point :)  It makes a good point for the pro-life side...  It's still my right. It isn't a moral right. It is the same as murder
  Well obviously we disagree on whats moral and what isn't.I don't even see abortion as a moral issue,it's a mdical issue IMO.It's pointless to discuss the moral standing of a non-sentient non-sapient human as it is to pray and worship a non-sentient and non-sapient God.The very fact we disagree on the moral/value status of a fetus suggests that the moral/value status of a fetus is subjective.You think abortion is immoral don't have one,simply said.:) I really hope you don't actually attend church and believe in the Christian God...well, perhaps saying don't attend is a bad word but I mean hold those views and attend church. The Bible says nothing about a human having to be sentient or sapient to be one of God's children. To Him we are all non-sentient and non-sapient.
Well thats an odd thing for another christian to say! lol! Actually I attend UCC. I don't recall ever telling you I was a Christian. Nevertheless, atleast quote my entire thought as oppose to limiting it just to the first part ;)  I am really starting to think you don't understand those terms.Man needs a mind to interact with God,this is why humans are above all other creatures because we have the capacity to know and interact with God. You don't need a mind...just a spirit. Your "mind" is gone when you die but you can still communicate with God. Either you believe we just don't exist when we die (thus making God rather worthless) or you think God just removes your brain and takes it up too. When God said "I know you before you were born" I wonder what you think He knew? I wonder if you think Jesus was not God for 5-9 months?
These are simple definitions from Dictionary.com  sentience:  state of elementary or undifferentiated consciousness  By the way this item is non testable and therefore not quantifiable and therefore not really a very good argument to say that an unborn child has no "conciousness".  Sapience:  ability to apply knowledge or experience or understanding or common sense and insight   In this case sapience would not apply to a whole host of teenagers that I know. Also a very bad basis for an argument.
When the bible uses the term (soul) or spirit in most cases the term is reffering TO the mind.God knows past/present and future all at the same time,and no I do not believe Jesus was divine. Oh right...jewish...Well, we are working on different playing fields then ;) I disagree that soul and spirit refer to "the mind". As I said, you mind goes away when you die.
Sentience is capacity for basic consciousness and Sapience is the capicity for self-awareness. By the way this item is non testable and therefore not quantifiable and therefore not really a very good argument to say that an unborn child has no "conciousness". That statement didn't really make a whole lot of sense,we KNOW that a fetus of at least 6 months deosn't have Sentience or Sapience.  Please provide data showing that an unborn child is unaware. Showing that it is not wise is easy enough. I can probably show that about half the people that post on this board.   I am saying that it is ridiculous to define a human life based on those criteria and your insistence on it is illogical.  EF
Well Steeeeeeeeve how's 'bout declaring yourself. Is this some game you like to play? Stupid is as stupid does. Inferring that you are a Christian doesn't make for a leap you know. It does show that you assume things and are not a critical reader. One that does this losses much credibility as they tend to not think "outside the box" and have a very narrow view.
It doesn't matter,even IF a fetus has the same rights as me it STILL doesn't have MORE rights than me.   Why's that? Are you now considering yourself more important than the fetus?  And how I got the fetus is irrelevant.   Oh yes it does, happygrl35. You can't just have sex whenever you want and have an abortion once a pregnancy comes along. You need to take responsibility and accept the fact that you can't have one without the other.
When the bible uses the term (soul) or spirit in most cases the term is reffering TO the mind.God knows past/present and future all at the same time,and no I do not believe Jesus was divine.  God knows past/present/future, and he also knows us. A baby may not be able to interact with God before he is born, but God can still know who he is and take him to heaven when he is killed.   Oh, and I've read the Bible too. Soul and Spirit are not mostly referring to the mind. Maybe about half and half, but certainly not most.
Why does the phrase "taking responsibility" only mean giving birth?   Sometimes, taking responsibility means having an abortion, whether anyone thnks it's moral or not.  Let's just pretend for a moment that I think the same as you. I believe that abortion is a form of taking responsibility (in some cases). Responsbility still does apply in the case of consensual sex. And a couple should live with their pregnancy. I guess I'm about to go round the bush with you again.
Assumes facts not in evidence, I get it.   Steeeeeeeeeeve are you now or have you ever been a Christian. Quit being cagey. You believe Jesus to be God, right? What else would anyone think?  I quick search of the forums will reveal whether or not I am Christian....I could just tell you but this seems to be more fun.
When we were talking about brainwaves, ([URL="http://www.4forums.com/political/222621-post32.html) the article I referenced made mention of awareness, or at least wakefulness(being conscious), as follows:    This is not definitive, by any means, but pretty suggestive. These are indirect measurements; again, the only type that would ever be possible as no human to date has ever been able to recall the experiences of the womb. However, unconsciousness usually means lack of awareness or any thinking, i.e., it is not the same as sleeping, in which thoughts are occurring.  Also, I am not at all saying that this has any meaning beyond that. I am not saying this has any weight regarding the morality of abortion. Just trying to provide the data asked for.  Thanks. I am rereading now and while the data is suggestive it is indeed not definitive. I will have to consider this as I develop a response to happygrl35.  I believe my original argument with her is that one could not prove that an uborn baby was not sentient based on the definition of sentient. Indeed it would seem irresponsible to assume that it is NOT sentient even if we suspect it may not be because if it is and we are wrong then we are determining to kill a baby.  She also aruges the point of sapience. My argument is that sentience and sapience are really irrelevant when it comes to deciding about life. One would not consider an animal to be sapient (although many who argue evolution would argue that apes and dolphins are) because it cannot be considered to be wise really. Animal cruelty is still criminal as far as I know.  If we start defining a human life based on sentience and sapience we would also then begin to euthanize the severely mentally retarded (IQ < 50 I believe). It would be difficult to show sapience or even sentience in those who are unable to interact with their environment in a meaningful manner. I just find the whole idea of abortion inconsistent in application at best.  EF  PS   happygrl35 please consider this my reponse to you as well.
You are taking responsibility for your consensual sex act that may have created a pregnancy by getting an abortion. It's a type of taking responsibility, and if you disagree with that, then...well...I'm trying hard to be respectful and if I say more I'll fail. Miserably.   I understand what you say about responsibility for abortions, but you're talking like I'm wrong to say to take responsibility for your rights before sex. I'm not talking about your type of scenario here. Happygrl35 talks like a fetus has no right to her body regardless of the fact that she got it by consensual sex. In this case, the pregnancy would be the fault of the woman, and she has no excuse to kill it. It may as well be murder.   And I am speaking while excluding the cases where the intentions for abortion may seem good.
A fetus before 6 months at least CAN'T be aware because awareness takes place in the Cerebral cortex which isn't fully formed and *hooked up* so to speak before 22-24 weeks.So basically you don't agree that brain death should define the end of human life?  Please see post 64
What is DNA?   Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA)   The basic structure of life  made up of sugar, phosphate group and nitrogenous bases. It is the basic "blueprint" for life.    http://www.shodor.org/ssep/lessons/jurassic/intro.html    If you agree with that then that means life has begun right?                 So once DNA forms different that the mothers, has life begun?
DNA exists in unfertalized egss and sperm as well.   And although a life has begun in pregnancy, it does not automatically supercede the rights of the woman carrying it.  The DNA of the egg is the same at the mother. The sperm is the same as the father.  People can't replicate DNA different then theirs. A fetus is a separate being from the mother replicating its own. It's just feeding off of the mother.
DNA exists in unfertalized egss and sperm as well.   And although a life has begun in pregnancy, it does not automatically supercede the rights of the woman carrying it.  Why is one life more important than the other? A life is a life...I don't know where you can draw the line about who is better than who
wow, you think people can determine who is better than who? With that logic...if I feel I am better then my friend, I can kill him. I don't determine that people are equal...that is what our Declaration of Independence says. It is what our country is based on....
No they are'nt. DNA of gametes is haploid, where as the stomatic cells of the mother and father are diploid. Also, egg and sperm DNA is jumbled, meaning it genes are swapped along chromsosomes, resulting in very different combinations then exist in the original stomatic cells. No, you're wrong, the DNA of the egg and father have many of the same genes as the mother and father, but lack 1/2 of the same genes as well as the same placement.  I think you confused yourself. You more supported my argument than hurt it.
It's not a matter of determining who is better. Women are not mere baby ovens. They have stuff going on - jobs, families, medical conditions, and a miriad of stuff that could take an eternity to list. It's not a matter of deciding whether or not the baby is good enough to live, it's a matter of determining whether the woman can and/or should be pregnant at that time, and the person best equipped to make that decision is that woman.  I am also waiting for you to answer my question. Who are you to make any kind of decision for a total stranger?  Well, who are YOU to say that I can't kill my neighbor? We have a law that says you can't murder another person...it doesn't matter whether one life is a burden on another life...It happens all the time, my teachers are a burden on me, my boss is burden on me. To ask who am I to say you can't kill an unborn child is not right. The question is, who are you to say that it is ok to kill someone. If you think it is a life then one cannot say one life is better than another...I cannot see the reasoning behind this...just because one life is a burden on another does not give you the right to kill it. Thats not what I am saying...that is just plan law.  So, why should the women decide whether or not a life lives? Why doesn't the kid have any say in the matter? It is his life. Can one kill a baby at 1yr of age because the mother can't take care of it?
In your heart you know that abortion is wrong. The debate is useless. Some people will do what is right and some people will forever do what is wrong. Life begins at conception and if you choose to end that life you place your very soul in jeopardy. For me this is a black and white issue with no grey areas.
I concure...once you establish that it is a life, you can't end it for whatever reason...religious or the fact that killing another is law
Im not really sure what you mean Duo...it is 1am in the morning :P though.
Because.....  you said that the fetus ahs different DNA than the parents.  It's not exactly the same as either parent. My point exactly, it's a unique entity.
No, he very clearly stated that the egg and sperm have different DNA to the mother and father respectively. Your argument hinges on the new DNA combination coming into existence at the moment of conception. It doesn't: it comes into existence during meiosis (ie egg and sperm formation). Thus your argument is flawed: you do not provide a valid argument for a new life beginning at conception.  Just a little advice. Read everything to understand exactly what I was referring to before you jump inot a thread.  You made my point. Replicating DNA was what I was referring to which isn't exactly conception but very close.
That's sort of an idiotic statement. There is no valid reason, ever, for killing something that is a life?  Way to insult...and thats not what I said...I didn't say there is no valid reasons ever for killing something that is a life....I said once you establish that "it" (the unborn, using it because it could be a boy or girl) is a person then you can't kill it (he/she) for any reason. I do not know of any reason to purposely kill an innocent life that is not against the law
Thank you for your kind advice. I can assure you that I did read the entire thread before posting. Thus I was able to observe that you claimed:  "So once DNA forms different that the mothers, has life begun?"  And that you later claimed:  "The DNA of the egg is the same at the mother."  Duo_Maxwell explained to you that the DNA of an egg is different from that of the mother, thus your statement "So once DNA forms different that the mothers, has life begun?" points to life beginning when the egg is formed, not when it is fertilized. I have further reiterated this point for you.  So a bit of advice for you: follow you own advice and read everything other people say to understand exactly what they are saying. That way you will avoid making yourself look both rude and stupid at the same time.  Have a nice life now.   If you would have read and understood gthe context of what I said everything.   First post was saying how once a fetus ebgins replcaiting its own uniques DNA it is it's own entity.  Jito bear refuted saying eggs and sperm had dna.  I pointed out eys they did but they weren't the fetus' dna. The Fetus creates dna based on theirs.  Duo said the same thing.  You said the same thing.  Just so you know. I'm aware of waht I've stated but it was apparent you were not aware of that. Hence the redundancy of the post.
clive there is no reason to put down others...let me refer you to one of the forum rules  No Personal attacks, insults, name calling, or labeling.   This can be found under the FAQ area of the forums
From the part of the world I come from, what you are doing is known as "lying". Not sure what you call it. You claimed that the egg's DNA was different to its mother's DNA. You now claiming you instead said that "once a fetus ebgins replcaiting its own uniques DNA it is it's own entity". You didn't state such a thing until now. Why claim otherwise?  Pride is a pathetic thing at times. All you have to say is "Oh well, that idea didn't work" and all would be fine and people would think more highly of you. Instead you dig yourself into a hole of changing stories until you bury yourself in your own lies and contradictions simply to avoid admitting you made a small mistake. Sad.  REad my response to jito bear. You didn't understand. Probably becaue you didn't udnerstand two things.  We can't replicate dna that is not our own. So once dna is created that isn't ours then it's a separate entity.  Sperm we creat and eggs we creat is our dna still. Put together they create a different entity that replicates its own different than both teh mother and father but with similarities of both.  Quote me where I contradicted this.
clive there is no reason to put down others...let me refer you to one of the forum rules  No Personal attacks, insults, name calling, or labeling.   This can be found under the FAQ area of the forums Don't worry. People that read the post will see Clive for what he is and my posts for what they are.
From the part of the world I come from, what you are doing is known as "lying". Not sure what you call it. You claimed that the egg's DNA was different to its mother's DNA. You now claiming you instead said that "once a fetus ebgins replcaiting its own uniques DNA it is it's own entity". You didn't state such a thing until now. Why claim otherwise?  Pride is a pathetic thing at times. All you have to say is "Oh well, that idea didn't work" and all would be fine and people would think more highly of you. Instead you dig yourself into a hole of changing stories until you bury yourself in your own lies and contradictions simply to avoid admitting you made a small mistake. Sad.  You called him directly a liar for one. You then imply that he is pathetic because of pride. He took it as an insult/personal attack and if he didn't I will apologize.
Im not gonna argue with you about that anymore Clive....just make sure statements are made in good faith and I will do the same  Sigma...how is my statement idiotic. If it is a an innocent life there is no reason to kill it. I don't see the arguement against this. When is killing an innocent life ok?
No, stating that killing is wrong because it is a life is idiotic. We kill things that are alive, even humans, all the time for various reasons. "Innocence" plays no part in it.  are you saying that killing for any reason is ok? Innocence plays a part because you are not allowed in the US to kill an innocent life...in theory...I can't kill my neighbor...in fact I can't even kill a guilty life...only the state can. Also, by life I am referring to human life. I don't believe in killing any innocent human life.
I said once you establish "it" the unborn is a person you can not kill it for whatever reason. I said nothing to the fact that the person has no reason for killing...I said no reason is good enough to kill the unborn.
once you establish that it is a life, you can't end it for whatever reason.  That is what I wrote...i do believe....It means "unborn child"  so once you establish that the unborn child is a life you can not kill it for any reason. I don't see where you can get Osama Bin Laden outta that...not only that, the quote you quoted me on is a different quote I said and not the one you are referring to.  Anyway, If it was unclear it should be clear now. Unborn child should not be killed for whatever reason someone might have....we could extend that to an innocent life..which is what I actually believe.  Maybe this would make everyone happier:  I don't believe in the murder/ killing/ whatever you wish to call it for whatever reason of anyone that is innocent person. If you want to know what I mean by innocent, a good example would be the unborn child.
I wasnt looking for someone to blame....Where did I say that?
yeah good call with the whoooooooooooosh....i didnt see the ~Bono  I believe an unborn is innocent though  I did however find someone to blame....the Board of Vistors at Virginia Tech raised my tuition 9.2%...that ****** me off so I blame them for everything
Ever had a cold? Those symptoms were a direct result of you replicating the virus' DNA along with your own. We most certainly can replicate DNA that is not our own. Using viruses as an example of how we produce dna that isn't our own is like saying men can fly, just need an ariplane. Viruses are parasites. It's like saying people can produce maggots.  Viruses like babies use our resources to rpoduce their own dna.  Physiologically we do not produce dna that isn't our own.   But literally you're right we can replicate dna not our own. Labortories do it with cloning and genetic engineering. If you took my argument as literal then you are right. Even though people can tell I was using it in terms of physiology.      You cannot double up an instance of your own egg/ sperm DNA to make a copy of your own DNA. They are different from your own DNA: they are a new DNA entity. The new DNA entity comes into existence when the egg/ sperm is created. I appreciate that you cannot accept this as it destroys your original argument and you are too proud to accept you are wrong, but it remains fact none the less.  That was my original argument. Read the beginning of the post.  Please someone help him out.
There are trillions of unique living organisms, some possibly hundreds or thousands of years old, living on my bathroom counter, complete with genetic material, etc.. I wipe them down with windex and don't think twice. What's the problem here?  Mana'ia, what, might I ask, is the point of your post? Only an idiot would suggest that something living, is not living, who would take that bait, and what purpose would it serve if they did, other than to show they still have a few things to learn?  Did you mean to say DNA is a PERSON, a thinking individual, or did you mean it's some organic matter organized in a way that MAY eventually, given time and care, become a fetus, then a human child?  -Mach  I was referring to when an organism becomes a distinct being from the mother. I never said every organism deserves to live. A living being is defined this wasy by science   Scientists say that a living thing must do 7 things: move, reproduce, sense the environment, grow in size, respire, excrete wastes and use nutrients. Viruses do not sense the environment, do not grow in size, do not carry out respiration, do not make wastes, and do not consume food. A virus is simply a piece of DNA (or RNA - Ribonucleic Acid) that is wrapped in a protein coat. This is called the virus particle.   http://www.nexusresearchgroup.com/fun_science/dna.htm
In fairness to Mana'ia, I was the one who first mentioned viruses; not him. But bless his little cottons, the kid then got all confused between bacteria and viruses when replying to you. I just checked out his profile: he's a "surfer dude", so we can excuse his lack of intellectual prowess I feel emoticon_xclown  Mach mentioned bacteria not me.
what? you were stating the that DNA of the egg and sperm was the same as the parent. Now you're just making things up.   I didn't talk about fetus DNA. I talked about gamete DNA.  I was referring to the egg both as unfertilized and fertilized.
Moggots are detritovores, not parasites. I never claimed they were parasites. It was an analogy.  Wrong again. That is exactly what we do when we produce eggs and sperm. Eggs and sperm have to be guarded by various nurse cells as our immune system would attack them otherwise. Physiologically they most certainly are different.  They contain our DNA.   Here's the deal: You have your own set of DNA. This DNA contains a private, one of a kind set of genetics. Half of your DNA came from your biological mother and half from your biological father. Your mother's DNA was inside what we refer to as a woman's egg, or ovum, while your father's DNA was inside his sperm. After sexual intercourse one of your father's sperm met your mother's egg. During this meeting that started your life, the two haploid DNA forms combined and created a brand new set of DNA, which was then in diploid form. So there you were, a genetically unique biological human person in just one single cell. Weird, I know.   http://www.tnhonline.com/news/2004/04/23/Opinion/Our-First.Trip.As.A.Human-669600.shtml        It was my original argument. It's alright. Saying ti wasn't doesn't change that it was. I'm done arguing wiht that. You have not shown me that I contradict myself.
#1 What does a virus have to do with this discussion? I see in the post above you argue the same thing with clive. Are you for real?  Mach Says: There are trillions of unique living organisms, some possibly hundreds or thousands of years old, living on my bathroom counter, complete with genetic material, etc.. I wipe them down with windex and don't think twice. What's the problem here?  Mana'ia says:  virus is simply a piece of DNA (or RNA - Ribonucleic Acid) that is wrapped in a protein coat. This is called the virus particle.    Who said anything about viruses? Another strawman. Bacteria Mana'ia. Bacteria are living, unique, fully classifiable LIFE, ORGANISMS.   #2, Again, who is arguing that living cells are not living? This entire line of reasoning looks to be strawman aimed at pro-choice advocates. Really, who is arguing against the fact that science classifies living cells as living?  #3 Define distinct any way you like, it's arbitrary, and irrelevant. I had researched some stuff about viruses that was applicable about life in general because it is the only thing that is not defintely classified.  So the argument was about life, the other stuff was just peripheral. Don't make such a big deal about including other tings in it.     Abortions have happened, and will continue to happen, with or without your approval, and with or without legal approval. Safe, legal abortions, is always the better option than illegal, unsafe abortions. Was that what you were after? -Mach Okay then let's have legal prostitution, durg use, gambling, underage sesx, any many other activities that you say happen anyways so let's make them safer.  If these things are always bad but it's better to be safe then let's make them legal to make them safer.
Someone needs to come out of their box. Prositution is legal in several states, such as parts of Nevada. Many liberterians are calling for legalization of many drugs, if not all. The economics of government taxation and regulation upon a drug market of such seem to be leaning that it is safer and more productive then the current method. Gambling is legal in 48 states, except Utah and Hawaii, which have no form of legal gambling. Underage sex is being made safer by sex ed programs, awareness about disease and free condoms.   You need to get out of your tiny box. I thought I'd correct you but fact necver really matter to you anyways.  Nevada is the only state that allows legal prostitution. It is only legal in one or two counties.   http://www.nvbrothels.com/stardustLadies.shtml   Gambling is legal in ceratin sates only on Indian reservations. Indian reservations are autonomous making them concurrent in jurisdictions. So that is a very ambiguous statement. Technically reservations are part of the state but they also are not under the complete jurisdiciton as are other municipalities.   Making underage safer doesn't really make it a good practice.
  Steeeve - you are under the illusion that not killing people is due to some 'fundamental goodness' in the world. The reason we don't go out killing people is that in a group, someone who does that threatens individuals and the members of the group act to preserve themselves by dealing with the murderer. 'Morals' developed later due to a variety of similar but more complicated reasons. Pretty much all our laws exist to protect individuals (essentially yourself) you are willing to sacrifice freedoms to gain the protection of a group  I got no idea what they is in response to. However you can't kill someone because it violates someone elses right to live.
Steeeve,  If you believe abortion is wrong, don't have one. It's that easy.  If you believe slavery is wrong, don't have a slave. Oh wait thats not how it works.
Thats not what the slave owners thought.
do you really need evidence to show that the slave owners thought that slaves were not people? 3/5ths compromise comes to mind.
If you think the 3/5s compromise was just about the census then we need to go back and read about how they came to this conclusion. The fact that they even debated about calling a man 3/5ths of a person is reason enough to show they didn't see them as men. ANd yeah, Dred Scott...this case was about a person born in the US...but he doesn't have US rights? Why not? He is not a person.
and in the Dred Scott case...why was the man found to not be a citizen? Because he is only 3/5s of a person....
well, why wasnt someone born in the US considered to be a US citizen? Everyone else was...is it because he is black? What makes a black person less than anyone else....they ruled based partly on the 3/5ths compromise that clearly degrades blacks.
By your standard, we can't treat cancer. If I'm not mistaken, cancer cells have different DNA than the normal cells in the same body.  I am not sure about that...but that DNA would not be part of the Human species now would it?
Actually, no they weren't. Not back then. Citizenship was a rather involved affair. Once again, before making claims, please actually find out whether they are factual or just your own wild fantasies. Please provide evidence that the census count principle in any way actally affected the Dred Scot ruling? Once again your wild but ignorant claims show that instead of actually arguing, you are merely ranting.  What? where is your evidence that citzenshpi was a rather involved affair?   You calling me ignorant and other names shows your true colors.  The words "people of the United States" and "citizens" are synonymous terms, and mean the same thing. They both describe the political body who, according to our republican institutions, form the sovereignty, and who hold the power and conduct the government through their representatives. They are what we familiarly call the "sovereign people," and every citizen is one of this people, and a constituent member of this sovereignty. The question before us is, whether the class of persons described in the plea in abatement compose a portion of this people, and are constituent members of this sovereignty? We think they are not,  Happy now? That is from Dred Scott case...it goes on.
The whole point of this arguement is to show that slaves were treated unequally and treated as if they were less of a person...I am not sure why Steen feels otherwise. The 3/5s compromise degraded blacks, Dred Scott case degraded blacks, slave owners degraded blacks...Since this is a pointless arguement lets just leave it at that....  The real issue comes down to whether or not the unborn child/fetus/etc is a person or not. I will wait for evidence to show that it is not a person. Keeping in mind I don't consider a court case a valid way to show whether or not someone is a person (not that any court case said so). I also don't want anything about "you should tell me why it is a person"....the burden of proof should be on the people that think it is not.
Oh, I never denied that. Treating somebody like a slave, robbing them of their right to control their own body is certainly to dehumanize them, to treat them as less of a person. After all, this is our criticism of the prolife goals. So?   Then what are you trying to prove?  ..you know one of these days I am going to post a whole thread about what a "liar" is...the exact definition and then put down every time you called me a "liar" and have you figure out how it is a lie. I think it is about time for you to grow up.
see, there you go saying I am a liar again..  I believe the admin already warned you once about that...I hate to bug him again.
just saying someone is lieing doesn't prove in anyway that they are a liar....for that matter I could just say you are a liar.
Not to mention that it makes you look like a hypocrite. You say I degrade women yet you degrade me by calling me names. Are you for degrading people?
I could could say the same things,  I could say that what I say is fact and that you are a liar....this makes it opinion now doesn't it? Therefore it is your opinion that I degrade women and that I hate women. Now....this is not true because I know myself better than you know me....so how is this not degrading me?  You say that I lie....this is wrong...this means I have the intent to give you wrong informtion that I know is wrong...how do you know that I know it is wrong assuming that it is? You don't. We get back to it just being opinion that you think I lie. Putting me down means you are degrading me, no matter how you look at it...SO I ask you again, do you support degrading people?
Not responding to this huh?  Why do you call me a liar for my beliefs? How can you prove that I am lying when lying is defined as being giving false information knowing it is false...How do you know that I know it is false information assuming it is? Still waiting....Or you could just say you are sorry and we can move on.
I think the argument that a woman has the right to determine what is done with her bodily  resources during pregnancy lacks justification. For those who do:  Do you assume that this is an absolute right and the moral good at any  time and in every circumstance (even before the 14th amendment existed  and even in countries where it does not apply)?  Do you agree that breast milk is a bodily resource of the mother?  If the answers to these questions are yes: Imagine a time when artificial formula did not exist. According to this reasoning it would be legitimate for a woman who suddenly decided she did not want to donate her bodily resources to withhold nutrition until the infant died. In fact, she should be able to dispose of that tissue some call infants through any of the same means as done in abortions (that would be sticking scissors in the head, burning, ect). Infanticide would be a moral option for any woman who does not wish to donate bodily fluids to her newborn "parasite" and does not have access to formula at any moment because of various reasons. I am sure there are women in the world today who do not have access to formula. Are these women justified in deeming these babies as life unworthy of life and disposing of them?  emoticon_xchicken
I think a better question is this.  Does a woman have the right to kill, rape, use drugs, or steal using her own body? If that were the case, I could rape anyone, using my own body, of course, and be free of all problems. Is that the case?  If so, then I'm going to have a field day today. Unless, of course, someone wants to correct me. Of course, admitting that a woman does NOT have the right to do whatever she wants with her body would destory the abortionist argument, wouldn't it? Because if they admitted that a woman does not have the right to do whatever she wants with her body, then that would allow abortion to come back under legal eyes. And of course, we just couldn't have that, could we? :)
Sorry Jim's Trucking, please allow me clarify.  The belief that a woman has a right to abort because she is granted under the 14th amendment the right to do what she wishes with her bodily resources lacks sufficient justification.  This belief is based upon a common pro-choice interpretation of the 14th amendment. Some say that these rights include the right to choose to abort a pregnancy. They say that this right is afforded under the 14th amendment (ie: ...nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law...). It is applied to say that a woman has a right to do what she wishes with her bodily resources.   For this to be a consistent pro-choice argument, and assuming this to be a rightful interpretation and application of the 14th amendment there would be necessary conclusions. Those who hold this as an absolute belief must extend the right of a woman's right to choose the allocation of her bodily resources beyond pregnancy and into every instance of life. Therefore the pro-choice line of reasoning that says that a woman has the right to choose to abort because she does not wish do share her bodily resources can be extended to conclude also that a newborn infant can be aborted if a woman decides not to donate her bodily resource of nutrition and she has no access to formula (no other factors involved).
 That is an erroneous line of reasoning because it fails to take into account the myriad of other options open to a women after birth to remove the newborn from her care without any ill effects (physically anyway). Killing in the instance of a newborn is not justified because of those other options open to her.    Sigma I have taken into account the options a woman has after pregnancy. However, there are no doubt cases in the history of the world (not just within America) where there were no options available to a mother but to keep her child (ie: the first human woman to give birth in the history of the world). For this pro-choice line of reasoning to be absoulutely true it must be true in every possible situation. Are you saying that the killing would be justified if no other options were available to her?
Even the court said in roe vs wade....if it is proven that the unborn is a kid..then he/she has every right as you or me to live. Which brings us back to the when does a human life begin question.
I am unable to find a realistic situation where there is no possible options open to a woman to remove the newborn from her care.   Sigma, this was a realistic situation not an "extreme 'what if' example". Also, just because you can't think of one doesn't mean one does not exist. I think that these situations exist and have existed in the past.   You say:For this pro-choice line of reasoning to be absoulutely true it must be true in every possible situation. Yet this is false reasoning. There is virtually no argument that is true in every possible situation. There is always an extreme "what if" example.  This is circular and thus an invalid premise. By saying that there is virtually no argument that is true in every possible situation you are asserting an argument that must be true in every situation.
"The first women who ever existed" is not a realistic scenario   How not so?    Come up with a realistic scenario. I invite you to.  Come on now. The first human woman who ever existed is a realistic and certain scenario. Also, the pilgrims on the mayflower, Colonial America, present day 3rd world countries. Aplicable situations existed, and do exist. And as I said before, just because you don't know of one doesn't mean it does not exist.  In such a situation is the mother justified in aborting the baby who has been born?  The situation is possible. If it were to arise, I think the pro-choice argument would be inconsistent if it did not allow the mother to commit infanticide.    I said there is virtually no argument that is true in every possible situation  What makes anyone who is pro-choice so confident that the argument holds true in the case of pregnancy?   No, because I said there is virtually no argument that is true in every possible situation, not that there categorically wasn't. You're being argumentative, which shows me you have no real argument.  Right, virtually no argument except that one. You have to give me an argument that makes sense, not one that disproves itself.  For the pro-choice argument to be consistant, a woman must always have a right to chose what she does with her bodily resources, and this would include after birth. Are you saying that there are situation where she does not have a choice?
Hmm, I don't remember "kid" being mentioned ANYWHERE in the US Constitution. Surely you are in jest? First of all, Roe v. Wade is not the constitution. It was a court decision. So maybe it is you who are in jest.  Second of all, as hard as it is to believe, there were actually dissenting judges in the Roe v. Wade decision. That means that United States Supreme Court Justices actually disagreed with the majority opinion asserting a 'right to privacy' allowing abortion.  Thrid, if by "unborn kid" we understand "unborn human person" then it seems quite reasonable that we would afford the embryo the fundamental right to life.
she could bash its head in with a stone if she wanted to.  Wonderful emoticon_rolleyes   I guess just because there is no law against it means its ok. The law is king. I guess Ikemann was morally right in going along with Hitler since it was protected by German law after all. Let's just make a law that legalizes anything that floats our boats, and get rid of the laws we don't like since law determines what is right and wrong.
Hmm, I don't remember "kid" being mentioned ANYWHERE in the US Constitution. Surely you are in jest?  Well, "human life" began about 125,000 years ago per best estimate if you are talking species specific H. sapiens. If you are talking hominids, then it is something like 7-9 mill years ago.  On the other hand, if you are talking about an individual human being, then no such individuality exists until birth.   What? did I say kid was mentioned in the constitution? People is mentioned. I said the supreme court said in the roe vs wade case that if the unborn is found to be a "person" it would have the same rights. Surely you don't believe the constitution is the same as Supreme court rulings.  and of course I am talking about an individual person....Why is birth the beginning? Who decided this? Even scienitist have different views.
all have just as good of a reason to voice their beliefs as you...downside to the US is that people can disagree and **** you off :p
oops, there was a thread about the womens body thing...booo...oh well use mine instead :)
It is such a sad commentary on morality in America when half of the folks believe that there is nothing wrong with murdering un-born children. I would like to know how many women use abortion as a means of birth control. Hell, the Democratic party is dying because of it's pro-abortion and pro-gay agenda. Most God fearing folks in America still think that morality matters. What is moral about killing a child? How did we get to the point where we would even think about debating this issue? I will admit that there are rare medical circumstances where abortion may be morally correct. They are far and few in between. Ladies, don't kill your babies, please.
A society has to exist for there to exist a moral ethic? Just as there is are universal laws which hold the universe in place, so there is a moral law which is the absolute standard to judge by.   Is it right or wrong? Justified or unjustified? Neither, it is simple ignorance. Like I have said, the argument in your example would be human nature, not law or morals. Could not the pro-choice stance be one of simple moral miscalculation made out of ignorance of an absolute moral standard? I think it is.  I would answer if you would provide such a situation that isn't an extreme situation and applies to this issue. Or is the only situation you can provide extreme? If I provided an example that was worthy enough to win your approval what would your answer be? Pleease Sigma? C'mon just answer for cryin out loud :)   Yes, a consistant pro-choice view is that a woman would be justified in killing a newborn baby, or "allowing it to starve" (to be politically incorrect) if she did not want to offer her bodily resources as nutrition and if there were no other options.   Even if you show pro-choice arguments were hypocritical and inconsistant (which you haven't, and I really don't believe you can) hundreds, thousands, or millions of years ago, you have accomplished nothing but show that the world was different hundreds, thousands, or millions of years ago. I guess right and wrong depend on what society and time you live in, right? What was done with the Jews, Gypsies, and Homosexuals in Germany under law was ok because it was the moral ethic of their society? Whats right today is wrong tomorrow? Whats wrong here is right there? Boy, I am dizzy!   I asked earlier: What makes anyone who is pro-choice so confident that the argument holds true in the case of pregnancy? To which you replied: What argument is that? I'm afraid I've lost track.  What I was referring to was the belief that pro-choicers hold that it is morally ok to have an abortion soley because the woman does not want to donate her bodily resources. If they grant that it is possible for an instance where the claim might not be true, I just can't understand what makes them so confident this the argument holds true in the case of pregnancy.
And I don't think this absolute moral standard exists. So, there are no moral absolutes? By asserting this you are assuming a moral absolute (ie: "there are no moral absolutes").   Simply stating that abortion is morally allowable to me shows that our morals are different (hence showing that absolute morals do not exist). However, you can simply state that my stance is a moral miscalculation. How can either of us prove this?  Just because two opinions exist does not mean there is not an absolute truth on the issue. I could say the earth is flat and you could say it is round. However, there is an absolute truth.   How can one know one way or the other? Why not simply allow those that can morally have abortions to have them if they so wish? Sure, if we can't know one way or the other in this issue, what makes us so sure we can know one way or another in other moral issues? In this same spirit, lets just allow those who hate Jews today to slaughter them in gas chambers. Also, lets allow all the pedophiles to be released from prison and become kindergarten teachers - but only kindergarten teachers to the "unwanted children".   You're right, it was "ok" to them. It was not "ok" to us, and we used our military power to stop them. What is your point? So you think the Nazi's were ethical in their actions? If not, why were we right in stopping them? We imposed our moral beliefs upon them. They believed the Jews, and handicapped to be parasites sucking life from the Aryan race. They acted upon their "rights" to withold their national resources from this group of people. Then they acted upon their "rights" as a race to rid the culture of the "Jewish disease" which was bringing harm to the German people.   Who is to say this German "right to exterminate" is any less moral than a Woman's "right to abort"?   You say If they grant that it is possible for an instance where the claim might not be true, I just can't understand what makes them so confident this the argument holds true in the case of pregnancy.  Like I said before, there is virtually no argument that is true in all instances.   Apparently there is at least one: the moral code that says "There are no moral absolutes"
You're playing word games. Are there rules to a game if the only rule is "there are no rules"? Semantics only.a I think I'm going to have to side with chloe on this one siggy. This is not just a word game, and here's why:  You tried to establish a claim, mainly "there are no moral absolutes." Your conclusion "there are no moral absolutes" assumes a premise that requires the conclusion to be false, generally, that your moral claim must be absoultely true in every situation. Your conclusion undermines your premise, or your premise undermines your conclusion. Either way, your claim is on weak philosophical grounds.  I think this would all be cleared up if you were to establish that the claim "there are no moral absolutes" is not certain, but uncertain. So I gues I'm asking now, do you believe that the claim "there are no moral absolutes" is established with certainty?
The belief that there is no moral absolute is most definitely an absolute. You are saying it is absolutely true. Furthermore, you are trying to impose a moral absolute upon me by saying I am absolutely wrong.   If you don't think there is an absolute right and wrong, then what kind of foundation and right do you have to assert absolutely that women should have the right to abort? What are you doing on this board? emoticon_xdonno   If there is no standard of right and wrong, then would you be upset if we just outright outlawed abortion? Let's do it. The majority of America is all for it. emoticon_xagree   Just curious, Do you think the Nazi's were justified in their actions? Were they right to do what they did?  Also, How is punishment for breaking any law justified?      We were stronger than they. Does that make us right? No. That makes us the winner.  We weren't right or wrong in stopping Hitler, we were just "winners"? emoticon_xdonno If Hitler had won that would have made them winners and there would be no more Jews. But according to you no one can be certain if those actions would be right or wrong. If you cannot say if abortion is right or wrong then what business do you have arguing for a law to allow it!!      The "right to exterminate" is not recognized in our society, and I do not believe it is moral to exterminate a race. Who is to say that it is moral to force women to give birth against their will?  You mean is it immoral to restrict women from killing their young? I say it is moral, and you have no basis to disagree with me because you have admitted that you are absolutely uncertain if this is right or wrong. For all you know I might just be right. In the case of uncertainty I'll side with life. In fact, I'll throw myself way out on a limb and say Hitler was absolutely wrong in what he did to the Jews.     But please clarify to us why you think that enslaving women under a theocratic, punitive system of seeing them only as chattel is in any way moral?   Theocratic, punitive system? I just say we make a law against abortion, and stop the genocide against the unborn. Why kill someone on the basis size, development, and envrionment?
But Sigma's claim is not a moral absolute. It is not a moral claim at all.  Except that this isn't true. A moral absolute would apply to everbody's moral code. And no, you can not find one unified thing that all people believe is either moral or not moral. So the REALITY is that you can not find one moral absolute. Hence Sigma is correct.  emoticon_rolleyes   Steen, please allow me to quote some things you have said recently:  "No, I am for keeping people honest and pointing out when they are not." "Nope, your claim is outright false." "Treating somebody like a slave, robbing them of their right to control their own body is certainly to dehumanize them, to treat them as less of a person."  "I was merely arguing against the false claim of the census process showing a legal claim that the individula was on;y a 3/5th person."  "Yeah? If you are lying, why shouldn't I call you on it? because you don't like it? I also don't like it when you don't post the truth."  "You could. But then, I document where you are lying, and as I don't lie, you would have to MAKE up stuff, which would just further give me evidence for your lies."  "No, I am for keeping people honest and pointing out when they are not."  "And no such argument has been made either, so you can stop such dishionest claims."  "I don't. Please don't lie about me, it will only earn you trouble. We were discussing the constitutional view on slaves, not my personal opinion about slavery. So please stop your lies right now."    Steen, are you assuming some sort of understood universal absolute moral code here? It looks as if you might be. If not, these statements have no meaning to anyone other than yourself, and you are trying to impose your morality on the readers of this board.   For all we know you could be complimenting others by calling them liars. And even if you weren't who says lying is a bad thing. In order to make these claims you must assume some sort of absolute morality.   Everyone keep in mind that false to steen may mean true to everyone else. Lies to steen may be truth to everyone else. Steen makes up steen's own morals, therefore no one can know what steen is talking about, and no one should feel bad over what steen says.
[QUOTE] "right and wrong" is as perceived by the individualQUOTE]   A legal right, preserved through multiple overlapping cases of legislation and case law.    So right and wrong is perceived by the individual. Therefore abortion being right and wrong would be perceived by the individual. But wait! Abortion is right because of the legal right. But I thought it was an individuals choice about whether it is right or wrong? What makes it right? the law? or a persons perceived view?
Steen makes up steen's own morals  response by Steen: We all do. Your moral code is based on your own experience and beliefs.   So why call me a liar based on what my moral code is?
But not a MORAL absolute!!!! That aside, certainly, "right and wrong" is as perceived by the individual, and as there are no "moral" ideas adhered to by every person, you also have no absolutes. I wonder why that is so hard for you to get? emoticon_rolleyes  No. To us, we were right. To Hitler and the NAZI we were wrong. Hence the war. So were the Nazi's acting ethically in what they did?  Ah, but now you are outright lying.  Steen, You are making a moral judgment on me.  I don't know what is right or wrong for you, other than that you find it fine and dandy to enslave pregnant women, an idea that I find immoral but you obviously don't. Even if this were true why should you be upset about it? Oops, by true I am appealing to an absolute moral standard.  Once again, we see pl inability to make a factual and honest argument. Once again you are attempting to appeal to an absolute moral code that apparently "does not exist"
I noticed that you ran out of arguments in support for your moral absolutes. I never gave you arguments for a moral absolute.   Not per my personal moral view. Whether they did in their own moral view, you will have to ask them about. If the Nazi's say they were ethical in what they did to the Jews, does that mean they were ethical in what they did?  You deliberately lied about me.  Steen, in passing judgment you are assuming some sort of understood universal absolute moral code here. If you aren't these statements have no meaning to anyone other than yourself, and you are trying to impose your morality on the readers of this board.   For all we know you could be complimenting others by calling them liars. And even if you weren't who says lying is a bad thing. In order to make these claims you must assume some sort of absolute morality.   Everyone keep in mind that false to steen may mean true to everyone else. Lies to steen may be truth to everyone else. Steen makes up steen's own morals, therefore no one can know what steen is talking about, and no one should feel bad over what steen says.  Your claim is false, I am not appealing to a oral code. I am stating that according to my moral code, PL lies and deceit is wrong.   You make up your own morals steen, therefore I cannot understand or relate to your moral judgments you are imposing upon me.
And there are no valid, important reasons to need birth control. And there is nothing that will ever impact a pregnancy. And pregnancy isn't even hard. And woman can just be pregnant and go off and live in happy la la land where nothing ever goes wrong.    Most folks I know who preach their fear in God, simply like the sound of their own voice. I spent years looking for a mentor for my son amongst the "God-fearing" - in the end it was a gay man who took on the role and has become the best father I have ever seen.  I prefer his kind, open-hearted, open-minded moraility to them God fearing folks' judgemental-look-like-me-or-you-are-evil morality any day. And I will throw my arms around him in front of the Lord.    What's moral about trivializing women?    Well let's see. Rape. Domestic violence. Health concerns. Mental health concerns. Poverty. Incest. - Just to name a few (some of those little things that you don't seem to realize impact pregnancy.)    And you know every pregnant woman and their circumstances and therefore are able to make said decision for them all?     Don't treat me like a baby making machine who can not speak for myself and has no valid issues to address.  You can type all of the words that you want to, millions if you like, but you can never type enough words to convince me that the murder of un-born children is a healthy, moral activity. I have never met a woman who had an abortion and was proud of her decision. I have spoken to several, and all of them had guilt issues about their decision to terminate the life of their baby.  Abortion, in most cases, is nothing more than murder. Lets call it what it is, shall we.
zachvac, you are responding to something that was a discussion between former member Steen and Chloe...but I guee Chloe can decide if he wants to pick it up or not.
Hi zachvac. We were discussing this claim: The belief that a woman has a right to abort because she is granted under the 14th amendment the right to do what she wishes with her bodily resources lacks sufficient justification.  This belief is based upon a common pro-choice interpretation of the 14th amendment. Some say that these rights include the right to choose to abort a pregnancy. They say that this right is afforded under the 14th amendment (ie: ...nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law...). It is applied to say that a woman has a right to do what she wishes with her bodily resources.   For this to be a consistent pro-choice argument, and assuming this to be a rightful interpretation and application of the 14th amendment there would be necessary conclusions. Those who hold this as an absolute belief must extend the right of a woman's right to choose the allocation of her bodily resources beyond pregnancy and into every instance of life. Therefore the pro-choice line of reasoning that says that a woman has the right to choose to abort because she does not wish do share her bodily resources can be extended to conclude also that a newborn infant can be aborted if a woman decides not to donate her bodily resource of nutrition and she has no access to formula (no other factors involved).   People should always have the right unless it is proven otherwise. Why should they? Persons in the womb should have the right to life unless they were PROVEN not to be human life.   If there's no proof either way, we should give the person their rights. Right, we should recognize the rights of all the men and women regardless of their size or location (this would include men and women living in the womb).   I agree with the Hitler part, but when you talk about abortion you are wrong.  Why is that?  I say if there's no way to tell if it's right or wrong what business do you havee arguing for the law to outlaw it? There are moral absolutes, and therefore a way to tell right from wrong.   I'll side with allowing the mother control of her own body.  I too think the mother should have control of her own body, as well as the father his own body. I just don't think they should have control over the person in the womb (ie: the right to abort it) that is not their body.  Have you ever killed a fly? Do you eat meat? Why kill someone on the basis of size, development, and the environment?  Flies aren't persons. Actually, there was that one movie . . . I believe it was called The Fly. (its a classic and worth renting!) j/k :) But seriously, flies aren't humans.  Steeeeve, please feel free to join in whenever and respond to whatever. Anyone is welcome to.
ecause my own personal morals compel me to fight for women's rights. You seem to have a problem with the concept of personal morals. The lack of objective morals does not preclude personal morals. Actually, I understand what you are saying. However, I think there is an objective absolute to judge personal morals by.  I would be upset, because I believe a woman's right to her body should be greater than what is growing inside her.  That's your belief. Not the belief of the majority of America. Sorry that was a cheap shot. emoticon_xchicken   I do not believe so, no. When will you drop this Nazi line of reasoning? I am trying to demonstrate the presence of some sort of absolute morality. I am trying to get you to admit that within your worldview there is no way you can know or say that what Hitler did is wrong for every person and in every circumstance and always deserving of punishment.  This board is about abortion, not philosophy. Laws keep our society together, punishment for their abridgement ensures (or tries to ensure) that the number of those who break them remain low.  Do you believe there is such thing as an unjust law. One that is unethical.  You are trying to draw a moral comparison between vastly different situations, that of a fetus and a born child. There is no reasonable comparison. Why not so?  You are assuming America, since you are using the Constitution. In America, women do have the choice after birth to remove the newborn from her care. Adoption, safe-haven laws, leaving it with family and friends etc. all ensure a woman can remove the newborn from her care without any physical ill effects. So in America it would be wrong, but in Sudan it would be right? It all depends on your location I guess.  Those in the womb are not "persons" whether or not it is proven to be human life.  Why not so?  Even if we did, none should have more rights than anyone else. Those "living in the womb" should not have the right to live off another without their desire or consent. I do not have that right, you do not have that right, the fetus does not have that right.  Have you ever heard of welfare!!? Good grief. Lets just abort everyone on welfare. Make that, just those who we don't want on welfare.   Ok, how about if women control their body and deny the fetus the use of her body? Reasonable compromise? I think you know my answer :)   Sigma, You are all about women's rights, as am I. However, our difference seems be that when you say that you are for a woman's right to choose that you are really saying you are for a certain group of women's right to choose (ie: those women who are a certain age, size, development). You are discriminating against the women (and men) in the womb. They have the same rights as every other woman. You are discriminating on the basis of size and environment. This was the same thing that happened in the holocaust, slavery, and other genocides. These people had their "personhood" status stripped from them on the basis of those who viewed them as "underdeveloped" race. And it wasn't just race specific. The handicapped were aborted on this basis as well.
Truly? Every poll I've seen puts the majority of America closer to pro-choice than pro-life. Could you please back this up? No pro-life site, please, they have no credibility.    http://www.nrlc.org/Unborn_Victims/FoxnewsUVVApoll.html  dont say "no credibility"...it is the only place I could find the Fox News poll....I posted this before...it is not done by the NRLC...it is done by Opinion Dynamics.
Then I admit it. If you had asked that in the beginning I could have cleared that up If Hitler lived in a world where everyone agreed with him then no one would say he is wrong.   but like he said, in your worldview everyone would then agree with Hitler if he won....but this is not the case...people don't conform to the person that won...look at the KKK, the north won 150 years ago.  Certainly, if there was a law banning abortion I would think it was both of those things.   but you just said that in your world view everyone would conform and it would be ok.
Go to the source, or don't bother. I don't trust them enough to even go to their site.   WOW, it is an Opinion Dynamics poll...if you find it somewhere else it will be the SAME POLL....what does it matter what site it is on?
No. We won and not everyone agrees with us. Like I said, it didn't make us right it just made us the winners. If Hitler won it wouldn't make him right it would just make him the winner.  Just because someone won does not make them right.    I don't believe I ever said or intimidated that.   I am hoping Chloe will jump in here because I am gonna be off for the rest of the day studying for my accounting and marketing test I have tomorrow....See you guys on Wednesday!
FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Poll  1 Aug 03  Contact: Dana Blanton, 212.301.3057    Polling was conducted by telephone July 15-16, 2003 in the evenings. The sample is 900 registered voters nationwide with a margin of error of ±3 percentage points.   30. On the issue of abortion, would you say you are more pro-life or more pro-choice?  Pro-choice Pro-life (Both, mix) (Not sure)  15-16 Jul 03 44% 44 6 6  22-23 Apr 03 49% 41 5 5  9-10 Jan 02 47% 41 5 7  24-25 Jan 01 47% 42 7 4  12-13 July 00 54% 38 5 3  26-27 Jan 00 43% 44 8 5  23-24 June 99 42% 44 9 5  7-8 Jan 98 49% 46 - 5   20-21 Aug 97 50% 40 5 5    31. Do you approve or disapprove of stem-cell research -- that is, medical research using tissue from human embryos?  All Pro-choice Pro-life  1. Approve 46% 67% 27%  2. Disapprove 37 21 54  3. (Not sure) 17 12 18    32. Once a woman is pregnant, do you believe the unborn baby or fetus should have all of the same rights as a newborn baby?  All Pro-choice Pro-life  1. Yes 58% 29% 89%  2. No 26 49 6  3. (Not sure) 16 22 5    33. Do you believe that human life begins:  All Pro-choice Pro-life  1. At conception, or 55% 29% 82%  2. Once the baby may be able to survive outside the mother's womb with medical assistance, 23 39 10  3. Or, when the baby is actually born? 13 20 4  4. (Not sure) 9 11 3    34. If a violent physical attack on a pregnant woman leads to the death of her unborn child, do you think prosecutors should be able to charge the attacker with murder for killing the fetus?  All Pro-choice Pro-life  1. Yes 79% 69% 90%  2. No 10 15 4  3. (Not sure) 11 16 6    35. If a violent physical attack on a pregnant woman leads to the death of her unborn child, do you think prosecutors should treat the death of an eight-month-old fetus more harshly than, more leniently than, or the same as, the death of a three-month-old fetus?  All Pro-choice Pro-life  1. More harshly 18% 25% 11%   2. More leniently 3 4 1  3. Same 70 58 84  4. (Not sure) 9 14 4   from http://www.pollingreport.com
What? Did you even look at the polls....most polls showed that people support limiting aboriton to only a few cases.
going down the list....  Stricter limits illegal with a few exceptions legal in most casts (washington post :p) Usually legal Stricter limits Pro-life Woman and doctor (wow, badly worded poll) sometimes legal (gallup) Life at conception(opinioni dynamics...this is an important one) late term illegal and then threat to womens health they say "legal".... law opposing PBA available with stricter limits Harder to get abortion sometimes legal ..etc....  Now what we got there are a lot of stricter limits, usually legal, and bans on partial birth abortion....what does this prove? Who knows? I think asking the question then saying sometiems legal...illegal but only sometimes is very misleading....illegal implies a ban which is what a person would first hear so this is probably why they support LEGAL but only sometimes. Either way...its hard to tell what "sometimes" means. We just know that people favor restrictions on abortion thus not really "pro-choice"...limiting choices is not being for choice.  I brought up the one poll because it is interesting....55% believe life at conception. One would think this would mean 55% against abortion, however it does not (I think it was 46% at the time that didnt) so it shows an inconsistent thinking...I kinda wonder how that came about.
Because whether or not it's "human life" generally has little bearing on whether one is pro-choice or pro-life.   which is inconsistent   And how is having exceptions pro-choice when you limit choice? So is it ok that we limit abortions? If so, why?
so pro-choice means anything from some restrictions to full choice?  WHich doesn't matter because you have to speak for what you believe. I don't argue for what others believes, i use my beliefs. So therefore pro-choice to you would mean no restrictions...and most americans disagree with that.   ANd if you say you are "personally against abortion but support a womens choice" you are extremely inconstitent
No, it means I can think in other colors besides black and white   It is funny you say black and white....  lets say this: I am personally against abortion but I support a womens right to choose whether or not she wants the baby.  and  I am personally against slavery but I support a slaveholders right to choose whether or not he/she wants a slave.  What is wrong with the second statement? If you agree with both I guess you would be consistent...but if you support one and not the other then you are not. Before you say "its different, slaves are people". The slaveholders didn't think they were people back then.
Those against slavery viewed slaves as people regardless of what the slave holders thought. Most pro-choicer don't view a first trimester fetus as a person as you well know and the SC has upheld this view. The SC ultimately granted rights to black Americans. They were shown to be people. You can't show that a first trimester fetus fits the definition of a person as they are not sentient.   Exactly, those against slavery viewed them as people, the slaveholders thought they were not. In my slave example the person against slavery/abortion thought it was a life, however, the person having a slave/abortion thinks it is property. This would then make my orginal claim that people that think abortion is wrong but still choose pro-choice are inconsistent with their views.  As for the Supreme Court...The Supreme Court only said that there was nothing in the Constitution to say if the unborn was a person or not...They went on to say that they can't make a call on it. The Supreme Court did not ultimately grant rights to black Americans, we needed 3 amendments to the constitution to grant slaves their freedom. The thing is, a black person, women, and whatever were people regardless of what the courts or government said. Even in 1850 blacks were still people, even if they were not treated such. The burden should be on people that support abortion to show that the unborn is not a person, not the other way around. Life is not something you wanna take a chance on.
lol no. It is your claim that it is not a person...if it is uncertain whether or not someone is a person, you shouldn't default at NOT until proven otherwise.  Lets say we can't prove that it is a person or isn't a person...which one would you default with? I would say it is safer to say it is a person.
way to get off topic...we are talking about someones view that abortion is personally wrong to them but supports the pro-choice thing.  But I see that the "right to do what one wants with his/her body" is over the right to life.  I will be sure to use this often....I want to stab my teacher in the eye using my own body...that trumps his right to life.
But I have the right to do what I want with my body remember? It doesn't matter what his rights are. I want to stab him in the eye using my arm as the force (this is not true by the way...i happen to like all my professors). The point is, this right doesn't exist, look on the other thread about this issue. I believe it is the one about "a womens right to her own body"
Off topic? You asked a question and I answered you. Slaves are not even close to being in the same circumstances that a fetus is to a woman. If slaves were in that situation, then I would completely be against the gov't giving them the rights you are suggesting the fetus have.  Yeah, I asked a rhetorical question... The point was to show the inconsistent belief that if a person believes life begins at conception yet they believe in pro-choice then they are in fact inconsistent. Al Sharpton comes to mind as a person like this.
No it's the right to make decisions about ones body, and the right to not have one's body used against ones will, regardless of another's rights. There is no desire to just do what one pleases regardless of another's rights (well maybe there is the desire but that is not the argument).  The fetus cannot use the woman's body against her will. The fetus has no rights to violate, but even if it did it's right to live would not allow it to use the woman's body against her will.  Wow you quoted me talking about the thread name....  I was just typing what the thread name was for you to look at.
You tried to draw a comparison between two vastly different circumstances that are not directly comparable. It is a false analogy and no point can come out of that.  What? This is the third or fourth time I have said this. I was makign the point about this.  If you believe that life begins at conception then if you also believe in the right to choose you are inconsistent. I then compared this to slavery in a way by saying...  I am personally against abortion but I support a womens right to choose whether or not she wants the baby.  and  I am personally against slavery but I support a slaveholders right to choose whether or not he/she wants a slave.  The comparison in view points remains valid. The same reasoning goes in for both of them...That is, you believe in your own views but not forcing them on others.
As for Sigmas post...I thank you Sigma for not calling me pigheaded.  It would be inconsistent if you read what I posted earlier when I first posted that statement.  If you believe in both the statements then it is not inconsistent...but you have to support someone choosing to have slaves.
Sigma, i just cannot understand this. if there is such a myriad of available options for the mother after birth. why is abortion necessary?  It seems to me that in a culture that values life it is reasonable to expect a mother to endure a pregnancy for a mere 9 mo in order to preserve and sustain a human life rather than end a human life. Why the senseless, unecessary, suffering and death of human life at the expense of another human life's choice of lifestyle?  Do we see any inherent value in life or not?
My essay:  "They are endowed by their creator with certain inailiable rights..." Edowed: inherited through existence Inalienable: incapable of being alienated, surrendered, or transferred  We have heard these words many times and have undoubtedly passed over them a time or two. However, it is necessary and vital that we pause and consider these words which reflect much about the governmental paradigm our forefathers and the worldview which shaped this nation.   We hold these truths to be self evident.   We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  Our forefathers viewed these (all assumptions underlying the previous statements) as truths which were observable (self-evident) and indisputable. They viewed that there are certain rights that transcend society and culture. This phrase, which comes straight from the declaration of independence and is revisited in the constitution, is the cornerstone of our constitution. Therefore, it can be said that this concept (that there are transcendent rights endowed by someone higher than government) is the foundation of our entire government. In the declaration we read the very purpose of the structure of government as viewed by our forefathers. The purpose of government is:  That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,    Because these rights (life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness) transcend all of humanity, we must recognize that it is any government's responsibility to secure those rights for all members of the human race.   So where do these rights come from? Well, if you ask a theist they will say they were endowed by God (the creator). If you ask a naturalist they will say they were created in the mind of man (endowed by nature). If you ask a transcendentalist they will say they were endowed by the force, Luke. However, rarely will someone who is reasonable deny they exist. Wherever you might like to say these rights originate, you are foolish to deny the existence of these certain inalienable rights (if not for the sheer purpose and means of self preservation!).  It is essential to recognize that these rights do not come from government but are merely recognized by government. Therefore, we conclude that since they do not come from government, they should not be taken away by government.  Let us examine these rights. We should be careful to observe any place where the concept of rights is mentioned in the documents. In observing we must look and seek to understand each right in the light and context of this statement: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.   First, let us examine the right to life. It is interesting to note that this right is mentioned first, and that it is mentioned first for a reason. The right to exist is a fundamental right. Once one obtains the genetic code that is specific to the human race, one exists. From this point on one has a right to continue to exist and this right no one can dispute.  Now, lets examine the right to liberty. What is liberty? What is true freedom? Bottom line, this must be defined as free choice in every circumstance. However, does the possibility exist that there is a type of liberty which transcends all of the experiences of mankind? Is there an ultimate freedom which frees mankind from oppression? I leave this for the reader to examine.  Finally, the right to the pursuit of happiness. This is the "whatever floats your boat" right. Happiness is different things to different people and has been viewed as a celebration of individuality. However, is it possible that a true and ultimate happiness exists which transcends all of mankind? A certain happiness that enthralls men and brings them unsurpassing joy? Again, I leave this for the reader to examine.  An understood and observed logical hierarchy of rights. We can observe within the constitution and declaration a hierarchy of rights. This hierarchy is based upon one foundational right and that is the right to life. All rights derive themselves from this fundamental right. It is reasonable to say that without this right there would be no other rights.   For example, let us consider one scenario within the constitution. We have the right to bare arms. This right would not exist were it not for (partly) a right to defend oneself. The right to defend one's self would not exist were it not for the right to liberty and property. The right to liberty and property would not exist were it not for the right to life (were it not for the right of a human to continue to exist).  It is reasonable for one to acknowledge that in order to be happy one must be free to be happy(whatever one's definition of happiness), and in order for one to be free to be happy one must exist to be free.  What happens when the rights of two persons appear be in conflict?   Upon casual reading one may conclude that all rights are of equal quality. However, this cannot be the case. It must be noted that the right to life is of a different quality of all other rights. The right to life is a right of sanctity and dignity while the right to happiness is a right which determines the quality of that sanctity and dignity.   Whenever we see a confliction of rights within our culture there is always a right which takes precedent. Your right to bare arms stops with my right to defend myself. A rapist's right to happiness stops with the victim's right to liberty. A murderer's right to happiness stops with the victim's right to life. In every conflict of rights, it is necessary that the more fundamental right take precedent.   Let us a look at the mother's right to choose whether or not to donate her bodily resources vs. the baby in the womb's right to life (the right to continue to exist). The conflict of rights between the mother's right to happiness and freedom may sometimes be in conflict with the baby's right to life. Comparing these to rights as equal is impossible and unreasonable. The right to life is of a different quality then all of the other rights. The right to life is the assumption of all other rights, and to assume it to be equal to any other right is to commit a fallacy.  When it comes to a fundamental right to life(the sanctity and dignity of a human life) vs. a right to happiness (the quality and personal desires of a human life). Which one should win? Well which one is more fundamental? Upon the fundamental right to life hang all other rights bestowed upon humanity and all laws which government can ethically mandate.  So, my question remains:   Why is there even an option of abortion (other then when the baby's right to continue to exist conflicts with the mother's right to continue to exist)? Here is what I think. Those whose transcendent fundamental right to life is being trampled upon are being denied their right to life because they have no voice. Neither do they have the power to stand up for themselves. They are the most innocent among us. They are the weakest of the weak. They are the smallest of the small. Therefore no one notices when fundamental incomparable right to life is denied to these voiceless human beings. While so many are choosing the road of selfishness in exchanging another's right to continue to exist for their own posh lifestyle and convenience, let those who have a voice and a heart cry out for equal justice under law for all.   There may come a day when out of duty America's citizens must make application of this statement found in the declaration. That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.    In our dynamic culture, let us embrace a culture that values a right to life. Otherwise we always be moving toward the antithesis and will become a culture that embraces death.
A good post, though I obviously disagree in many places. In order to respond I will have to read it more in-depth, so I will reply when I'm able (I also have very little personal time atm). This does not exactly address what we were talking about, however.  Do you want to persue this in the other thread Jim created, or here?  cool.  whichever you wish.
 I do not agree. That it was mentioned first speaks more of the writers alliterative desires than anything else. As you mentioned above, rights are recognized by the gov't, and the gov't does not recognize "rights of the unborn". Nowhere in the Constitution is there any clear indication that any freedoms were meant to extend to those in the womb.  If these rights are transcendent then they exist whether gov recognizes them or not. If a human being exists, then these rights have been bestowed to them.  Rights do not "derive" themselves from the right to life. One does not have other rights because one has the right to life. If the right to live is taken away, it does not mean the other rights are taken away. if you are dead then you don't have any rights. You must exist and continue to exist in order to have any right and to continue to have any right. A gov must make it first priority to secure the right to continue to exist (right to life) in order to secure any other rights. If someone takes another person's life they not only deny them their right to life, but also every other conceivable right.  Agreed, one must live to be free, but the right to live is not a prerequisite. It's absence would be peculiar, but there is no dependence of rights here. i think it is. It is the cornerstone upon which all other rights rest upon. You remove that the house falls. You cant compare any other right with the right to life because it is of a different quality.  I disagree that the right to life is a different quality right. i know you do, and that is the basis of your whole position(from what i have gathered). However, i disagree (as you know). I would like to think that your right to continue to exist to post your opinions on this board (right to life) has more value than my right to liberty, happiness and my right to life has more value than your right to liberty and if these rights were to ever conflict we would both continue to live another day to argue.  Again, there is no right to happiness. A person's right to freedom of action does stop where it interfere's with another's right. then in your system of thought no woman should be able to have an abortion because she wants a better lifestyle or because having the baby would make her unhappy in some way.   There is no fundamental right. I think i have shown there is.  If you needed to attach yourself to someone else in order to live, your right to life is not greater than another's right to freedom of action.  i STRONGLY disagree  The fetus currently has no right to live, and there is no right to live attached to another person. we know that just because a gov denies one their right does not mean those rights do not exist. Every human has the right to continue in their existence, this is the right to life.  Your premise is false. The right to life is not an assumption of all other rights. The right to life is not of a different quality than all other rights. i do think you are wrong on this one sigma (and all who agree with sigma), and it wont hurt my feelings if you admit it :) seriously.  because of the circumstances of the pregnancy relationship. One right must take precedence. you are absolutely "right" sorry had to do it.  Selfishness is not illegal, so what justice do you speak of? Whatever justice the supreme court appeals to (or originally appealed to). Its written right across the top front of their building. Equal Justice Under Law.  Yet you gloss over the fact that the gov't must reduce, remove, and violate woman's rights to get toward the end you wish.  i recognize what you are saying. However, the right to life is more fundamental than the right to freedom. Plus i don't think women have the freedom to make a decision for those in the womb. You are condemning me for "speaking for those women" yet you allow that they can speak for those in the womb(some of whom are women). You say that because they (those in the womb) are incapable of voicing or exercising their rights that those rights do not exist. Yet, we both know that these rights exist even if they cant be voiced or exercised. This is inconsistent.  I would say that is destructive of those ends. Currently, the gov't violates no-one's rights, not even the fetus' rights.  wha?   The gov't does not perform abortions. To ban them the gov't must violate women's rights and the gov't does not have the power to do this. But when the court legislated them (something they overstepped their bounds on i may add) they violated the right to life of those in the womb.  __________________
No, if a human being is born, then these rights have been bestowed upon them. Throughout the Constitution, it has been understood that rights apply post-natally. Your belief here is unsupported.   Even Roe vs Wade admits that if it is a life then it has rights.  Not quite true, since wishes put down before death can apply after death.  That is not a right, it is a want.  I really think we have a problem here (nothign to you Sigma)....It seems people are really confusing a want with a right. Just because you want somethign does not mean you have a right to it. It is extremely important that one sees this difference.  The phrase "Life, Liberty & the Pursuit of Happiness" was set forth in the Declaration of Independence. As such, these rights are not legally protected by the federal gov't But the whole country was built on it. And in fact the phrase was put into the 14th amendemnt (with a few revisision :p). ..not that it matters though, because our country was still built on it.
Roe vs Wade in section IX that everyone quotes says someone to the effect that if it was proven to be a life it would be protected by the constitution....I don;t have to quote section IX again do I?  Some wants are rights.  very true....but not all wants are rights...I want to live and there is a right to life...I want warmer weather right now but I don't have the right for warmer weather.  Just because it is a want does not mean it is not a right. hehe you seemed to have paraphrased what I said.  A prohibition on denying due process does not equate the establishment of "Life, Liberty & the Persuit of Happiness" as unalienable rights which cannot be abridged.  True, but the constitution wasn't created to establish rights but it does refer to them. This actually supports the ideas that government doesn't create rights. The unalienable rights were also referred to in the Declaration of independence. They just reconginzed that certain rights are given to us "endowed" if you will...and they are unalienable. The constitution (in some parts) simply shows how the government can't infridged upon those.
 No, if a human being is born, then these rights have been bestowed upon them. Throughout the Constitution, it has been understood that rights apply post-natally.  if you are a human you have these rights. If you have been created these rights have been bestowed upon you. If a gov doesn't make its priority to secure the right to life then all of the other rights are put in jeopardy (they are not secure). To best secure all rights, a gov must first secure the right to life.   Yes, but you do not need the right to life. I notice you keep saying "exist" instead of "life". Somewhat amusing, since you place so much stock in exactly how things are stated. Isn't it the same?  The phrase "Life, Liberty & the Pursuit of Happiness" was set forth in the Declaration of Independence. As such, these rights are not legally protected by the federal gov't. They are protected and secured. This is what the constitution and bill of rights are about, no?. If you dont think they are protected, then why do you object to banning abortion?   You have not proven it is of a different quality. The right to live does not trump all other rights, it can be violated and it can be less important than other rights. You also view it is of a different quality. You say that when the mother's right to liberty conflicts with the baby's right to life that the right to liberty wins out. What is your basis for this?   It is the basis of our society. The notion that there is one over-riding interest of the government and they can violate any individual right they wish in order to persue that is the antithesis of our value system. The system you are describing is fascism. they must first secure the right to life, in order to truly secure all other rights. If they did not do this, the other rights would always be threatened. If someone did not agree with you there would be nothing stopping them from killing you and then your other rights would ultimately be violated.  It does not have any more value. gee. Isn't what you are really implying then is that your right to liberty must always come before my right to life?   And I believe I am right. If I did not have the right to live, at this very moment, it would not mean my other rights disappear. I would not die the moment I did not have the right to live. My right to bear arms would not be affected, my right to a trial by jury would not be affected and my right to free speech would not be affected. In fact, nothing would change, given that the "right to life" does not appear as a right in the Constitution, taking away this implied right will in no way affect the rights I do have. unless, if because you did not have the right to life, someone took you out.  There is much precedence where those who cannot speak for themselves have closest kin speak for them. In this case, that is the woman.  she cannot make this decision for the baby because she would not have the baby's best interest in mind. This is like letting the fox guard the hen house.   No, I am saying those rights do not exist and they would be incapable of exercising them should they have them. If they did, the woman would still have the moral authority to exercise the decisions on their behalf. The gov't should have no involvment. are you assuming some sort of absolute moral code that transcends the mother and baby? How do you know whats right for the mother is right for the baby?  The gov't violating individual rights to forward it's own agenda is exteremly destructive towards our rights. it does exactly this to those in the womb. That is why our nation is in trouble.   How did they overstep their bounds? I hear that often, but I have seen little in the way of proof. i'll show you later. My next post will be the statistics showing the inflation of the back alley abortions.
Sigma,  If life begins at conception then how does the life not have a "right to life"...do you believe that a "right to life" does not exist?  Also, if the right to life does exist for the unborn then I am still unclear about how this is trumped by a made up right that a women can do what she wants with her body. Even if the baby is living off of the mother why should this be a sentence for death?...These questions are still unanswered as I recall.
Life existing does not imply a right to life.  Why not? We could then say the same thing about your right. Having a baby in you does not imply a right not to have someone feed off of you.  Because no one has and no one should have the right to live off of another person's bodily processes against their will and without their consent.  Yet we shouldnt have a right to life. If you don't have that right then why I could simply kill you...but I couldn't prevent you from not having an abortion  It is not a death sentence You are killing a living human...what else would it be called?
We are getting back to what the constitution says about abortion...I still don't see it..This is why I posted some stuff about what Judge Scalia has to say about it.  He says the idea of the of the living constitution is what created the abortion right in roe vs wade. He goes on to say why is this a wrong way to look at the constitution. He also so that one does NOT have rights that guarnteed by the constitution. He said that any liberty can be taken away by due process (such as life, liberty and property as in the 14th amendment).  So does a life have the right to life? Well we tend to believe this in the US...in fact we even say it in the Declaration. While this is not a "legal document" it serves as more of a mission statement for what we stand.  Then, does the constitution say anything about abortion? I say no. In fact it doesn't. If one uses an "orginialist" approach life Scalia says all judges used to do any still should then we would never see an abortion right.
The gov't should not have the power to violate our rights, even to ensure the survival of another  They can take away liberties, it is done all the time. Due process of law does this.  I didn't understand that last sentence, so I took it to say: He also said that one does NOT have rights that are not in the Constitution. That's flately false, since the Bill of Rights clearly states that any rights not mentioned within itself or the Constitution are reserved to the people.  Yeah, i blew the spelling of that one...as normal. The bill of rights says all powers not given to the government are given to the states or people. Nothing about liberties. He says this because of the due process clause in the 14th. Where a liberty can be taken by due process of law.  This is true, as I had already told you. There are no inalienable (or unalienable, whichever you prefer) rights, because any right can be taken away. However, the Fifth and Fourteenth amendments limits this power by requiring sufficiently clear and fair justifications to lawfully take these away (the due process clause). Because a woman has sex is not sufficient justification to violate, reduce or remove her rights.  I am trying to find the thread where we were talking about the Constitutional issues in more detail... no luck yet.   yeah what happened to that thread? Anyway, you are referring to "substantive due process" which I don't believe exists. It just says due process...Scalia argues that the 5th and 14th amendment should be taken for what they are when written not as we would like them to mean today.   Except it would. "originalist" (whatever that means) in the sense of original intent could not fail to see that the original intent was for the gov'ts power to be limited to what is in the Constitution.  The term refers to people (judges) that believe the constitution means what it meant when it was written. For example, the under 18 death penalty case a few weeks back. Scalia said that the Cruel punishment amendment meant what it meant when it was written. When it was written it included people under 18. So why would we believe it means something different now? With the living consitution they believe it would mean something different now. This is because of the idea that we have progressed as a society and have new decency standards. But who is a judge to decide this? Scalia argues that he is not one to make the moral decisions because he doesn't represent the people nor is he supposed to. That is the job of Congress.
Then you do not believe that the gov't should be required to have sufficient justification to abridge our rights?   Substantive rights are general rights that give the individual the power to possess or to do certain things despite the government's desire to the contrary. These are rights like freedom of speech and religion. Substantive due process requires sufficient governmental justification to take these away, reagardless of the process used to remove them. There was a history of substantive due process before the 14th amendment was adopted in 1868.   You ask "do you(me) not believe that the gov't should be required to have sufficient justification to abridge our rights"..and to that I answer, well depends on which branch of government. Since we are talking about the judges, they don't need sufficient justification, they need the law. Whatever it says. If it is a good idea to take a liberty away or to inact another one, the congress should do it...not the judge. No where in any law does it say substantive due process. If it did then who determines which rights are good enough to never be taken away? Why is a judge allowed to decide that? What does he know about what is and isn't a liberty that can't be touched. If this is the case a judge could say the "right to kill someone" can't be touched. This should be left to Congress. Not the judges. It was funny that you talked about substantive due process before the 14th amendment. This question was actually asked to Scalia in which he responded that it wasn't substantive due process because the "due process" clause never existed...I can't remember the exact details of what he said.   No! Congress is not supposed to make moral decisions. The gov't is not in the business of enforcing morality. That is theism, another word for fascism. But they do it all the time...I don't even need to provide an example. Look at anything. One could claim that you not being allowed to have sex with someone under 15 is a moral decision.
Substantive rights are general rights that give the individual the power to possess or to do certain things despite the government's desire to the contrary. These are rights like freedom of speech and religion  Sigma!!! You should always show where you got a quote from :p  I will do it for you.  -AOL web page http://members.aol.com/abtrbng/sdp.htm   hehe, just playin around emoticon_xclown
There was a law limited the occupancy of a dwelling unit to members of a family, and imposed criminal penalties on those who violated the ordinance. This ordinance recognized only a few categories of related individuals as a family. A woman lived in East Cleveland with her son and her two grandsons, who were first cousins rather than brothers. She received a notice of violation from the city, stating that one of her grandchildren was an illegal occupant, and directing her to comply with the ordinance. When she failed to remove her grandson from her home, the city filed criminal charges. Substantive due process would protect this woman.  Yes, I understand Substantive due process. But I don't believe the women should have been protected by a judge. Granted it was a dumb law and should be repealed but this doesn't mean a judge can do this. Substantive due process is very appealing for the very reason you state. It makes a dumb law go away. However, where does it stop? Why does a judge get to decide whether or not a law is dumb? This is the job of the legislative branch. Oh, and yes, I didn't see your edit :(.  In theory, perhaps. In practise, they do not. Unfair or unreasonable laws are created all the time, and judges do and should have the power to strike them down. Especially in this climate, I believe it is essential. Well, this creates a government ruled by 9 people. Granted it is easier to change things, but people that are not elected and there for life shouldnt be able to govern.  How so? This process cannot create rights, only protect them.  But if the judge can decide what rights exist then he can "protect" those. This is what substantive due process does.  The concept of judges deciding if a certain law was really fair and reasonable in doing what it does. That is what Substantive Due Process does.   True, it does make a judge decide what is fair and reasonable. But it is what is fair and reasonable to him. He doesn't represent anyone so why should be make a law (in a way) that will be imposed on us. This makes him more of a dicator. I will grant that a judge stricting down something that sucks seems good but it is not in his power and shouldn't be. This is due to the fact that it is not his place to decide what laws don't make sense(for lack of word). Congress is supposed to have this power. Why should a judge be able to decide these things?  No, it follows under the concept that under 18, they are not considered adult It is so a moral clause and you know it...it is under 15 (in va)..so 16 would be ok..and they are not considered an adult.
Interestingly enough, I've never been to that page. It may be they got it from another source, or they both came up with it on their own.   I've read many opinions on the subject, sometimes a phrase sticks in my mind.  haha, It was weird because I searched for "substantive due process" just for the heck of a few days ago and that was the first link...I read this thing and then today read your post...weird huh!  I gotta study for a test now, so don't be upset if I dont respond until 5pm EST or so emoticon_cry  I would ask for some luck though because Investments and Equity are no fun to take a test on.
The Supreme Court should be able to do this.  Maybe so, but there is no power that says they can. The constitution gives powers to the judges...No branch can assume powers on their own.  No, that is the job of the the Supreme Court. When a law is challenged and goes to the Supreme Court, they make the decision based on the Constitution.   Yeah, if it goes to court (as in the case of the women) they see what the law says and apply it. The idea of substantive due process is still not in the constitution so why can they use that as an excuse? Once again, what is the limit on the judge? Where does his power stop?  No, the Supreme Court can decide what rights fall under substantive due process, not what rights exist. But where are these rights? What rights are they? Who knows?...the judges are supposed to tell us.  The judges are supposed to interept the constitution...this is true. But the question is, do we use the "living" constitution idea or the idea of using the text as it was written when it was written. If you do the latter then there is not question that substantive due process doesn't exist. If it does exist then the judges make up something and assumed a power not granted to them. How can the judges say that "due process" means "due substance" when the people that created had no intention of this? The idea that the constitution can be changed over time by judges is a power not granted to them. The constutition is to be changed by amending like it says. So when one creates "substantive due process" out of the constutition they are making something with no basis.  So what happens? Well, if we have no lists of rights that fall under the area for substanive due process then we must rely on the courts to tell us. When this happens the courts decide what rights can't be taken away without good reason. Therefore, a court could easily say "Steve has a right to free cheeseburgers" and no one could take this away because of substantive due proccess. This in affect creates a law. Which is not the power of the court and shouldn't be. If we want a law saying I have the right to free cheeseburgers we should lobby congress and get it done (side note: I am all for this idea). This is the basic ideas of how our constitution is set up. Scalia points out that this idea of the constutition (orginalist) was used up until about 30 years ago when the living constutition came. So what is the basis for the living constutition? What is the criterion as Scalia says.
What power is that? To interpret the Constitution and what the intent of the Constitution is? As far as I'm concerned, they've brought us closer to the original intent of the Constitution.   How is it orginial intent when the constitution keeps changing by the whim of the judges? If the judge wants a certain "right" to be untouched he can just do so. This is not a power he has nor should he. He is not elected so how can he be a representation of what Americans want? The thing is, he shouldn't do what the Americans or him/her want. He should do what the law says. One of his jobs is to interpret the constitution. Well in order to do this the correct way he must look at what is written and when it was written. Like the death penalty thing. Cruel punishment (8th amendment) never covered kids under 18. So why would it include that now? How does a judge decide this? He does not have the power to legislate.  The Supreme Court does decide what rights are fundamental enough to warrant sufficient gov't justification, you are correct. Under what criterion? What are his limits? What is his check? The Supreme Court can just decide stuff at a whim and we are supposed to trust them? The constitution is supposed to keep them in line. They are supposed to follow the law, not make it.  Substantive due process brings us closer to the idea of the Constitution how it was written when it was written more than anything else. The Constitution was designed to limit Congressional legislative power; substantive due process does the exact same thing The constitution is supposed to limit Congressional power? I dunno about that. What is your backing? They have the most powers out of all the branches! This is due to the fact that they are directly elected and most representative of the public. It is a government by the people for the people so the reps have the most power. Some checks here and there. But the constitution only limits there powers in the same way the judges are limited...by what the constitution says you have. All other powers are granted too.....the states and people :).  You're absolutely right, that is not the power of the court and it shouldn't be. However, that is not substantive due process. Substantive due process would only protect that as a right if it was a recognized right. Your example does not fit very well because a free cheeseburger as a right would not be in the Constitution.  But substantive due process does not cover liberties in the constitution. It covers all liberties. And they are to be defined by the judges. I take our good old aol website for an explanation of this...  Under the substantive wing of the "Incorporation" doctrine, where the Court adopt selected provisions of the Bill of Rights and apply them to the states under Due Process. This can be called "Substantive Incorporation."  Under the "Fundamental Rights" theory, where the Court adopts whatever substantive rights it thinks are so basic, natural and fundamental that they must be protected even without reliance on any particular provision of the Constitution. Instead the Court is said to root these guarantees directly in the word "Liberty" in the Fourteenth Amendment's Due Process Clause  Agreed, that is how to make laws. So are you gonna help me lobby :p  This is exactly how it still is. Substantive due process is a basic concept that is perfectly within the power of the Court to assume. It protects freedoms and rights from being arbitrarily taken away, even if the law was legally made. Such freedoms as the freedom of speech cannot be taken away from us without a good reason. This interpretation gives us more protection by requiring Congress to not only create a law but provide a "compelling need" in order to strip us of certain rights. Not only do I agree and heartily approve, I believe it to be directly in line with the Constitution how it was written and when it was written.  A "living constitution" interpretation is not required for the "substantive due process" interpretation of the due process clause.  This is not the case. Substantive due process has to have a living constitution in order to be maintained. A nonliving constitution would be a legal document that can't be changed (without amendments). So everything is right there. Substantive due process allows courts to decide which rights can't be taken away without good reason and which can't. The judges also get to decide what good reason is. It doesn't say in the constitution what good reason is and it doesn't say what rights can't be taken away. In fact, it doesn't say anything about substantive due process at all! How can one say it stands by the orginal intent of the constitution when it is not even in there. Without due process of law means just that...the procedures of law (such as trail by jury) to take away life, liberty, or property. This was put in for a reason, to show you can have life taken away like the death penalty, liberty taken away like being incarsarated(sp), or property taken away like a fine. A very simple term. Now, substantive due process may be a good idea...but that doesn't mean it is in there. To get this changed the judge can't assume the power to do so but has to be given it by amending the constitution.  This brings me to abortion. There is nothing in the constitution about abortion. In fact, when all the amendments were written abortion was illegal (well most of them). So what makes one think that the 14th amendment on back meant abortion? The orginalist theory that I keep talking about says when it was written and what was written. Like my death penalty example. How can one say they meant to apply abortion when the amendment was created? One needs the living constitution in order to fulfill this. The amendments grow to apply abortion due to what the judges think. We can't say that amendments grow into something else when we have no standards to base this on. How do judges know the "standards of decency"? You can change a law...such as make abortion ok...just by asking the congress to do so. How can 9 judges say what something means now when it didn't mean it back when written? The death penalty is ok now..but will it not be constitutional in 10 years? Who decides this? What standards, what criterion?
That is the longest post I have ever seen.
I am gonna reply to things outta order...  I don't know the case, and this isn't relevant to the issue of abortion. The amendment states: "Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted". It doesn't mention age, so what prohibits it from applying to those under 18? Is your only argument that it has not before?  It is a relevant issue. For this reason--< The courts found, from substantive due process no less, that you can't kill someone under 18 because it was cruel and unusual. They claim was that the right to life couldn't be taken away for someone under 18 via the death penalty....because this is a right that is covered under substantive due process. And you said it...where did that come from? It doesn't say anything about it. This applies to abortion in the same sense. The same logic in a way is used. Should abortion be legal? Well, opinion I guess...but legally there is nothing that talks about it in the constitution.  Who is "him"? Exactly what doomsday do you fear coming? Are we supposed to trust them? Are we supposed to trust those making the laws, the Congress? What checks does the Constitution list for the Supreme Court?  I am not sure what you mean...I use him as a unisex kinda deal by the way. What doomsday so I fear? Well mostly the constitution becoming meaningless. Are you supposed to trust the people making laws you ask...well it would be nice to have them be trustworthy but some are not...But we have the ability to get rid of them!! A key point <----. Judges you can't get rid of and therefore shouldn't have any ability to decide something that is not law (this may be unclear, if so just ask me for further detail). You also ask what check does the constitution have on the SC...which is my whole point!! I personally think we don't have enough checks however that is not relevant here. The checks are that congress and impeach them...thats about all and thats hard to do. They also appoint them. But as you have seen it has become who is conservative and who is liberal...not who reasonable and who is not. If a conservative gets on the court and makes things up his way I would be just as ******...For example, what if roe vs wade went like this--< The court decides that the fetus is a person and the right to life can't be taken away without good reason as defined with substantive due process. Now this would be the same thing as the court decided. They created a fetus being a person..which is not in the constitution, and they created a right to life which is not guarnteed by the constutition because it can be taken away just by due process. Now the court really ruled that they can't claim what a fetus is...that is probably a good call. Then they say that a women has a right to privacy that can't be taken away because of substantive due process....Where did this come from? It just doesn't exist and there was no intent for it to. How does a slavery amendment have the intent of right to privacy? Does one really think that they were thinking about womens privacy rights while creating this amendment?  section 9 is that citizens have the right not to be held against their will without sufficient justification. I wonder who determines that justification, eh? I believe you are referring to Habeas Corpus... In which this means you can't be held in jail without being charged with something. This is straight forward. It is obvious whether or not you have been charged with something..you can't screw that up (although it has been done sadly).   I think you misunderstood me and I you when I said the constitution is supposed to limit the powers of the Congress. I took it to mean that the constutitions only purpose was to limit congress...this is not the case as it limits government in general. I explained somewhere else that the DOI is a mission statement of sorts...and laws should be consistent with the thoughts of it....the constitution is more of a standard operation procedures..in the sense of how you can create the law, enforce the law, carry out the law.   No, this is due to the fact that they create laws.  Come on sigma :p they create the law because they are directly elected. They represent us.  And one of the checks is and was intended to be the Supreme Court. If it was everything you say, why would there be any checks or balances? The checks and balances are set up to make sure to avoid abuse of power. The Supreme court is not a check...it is a branch of government(atleast part of one). It has checks on it just like the other 2.  All liberties deemed "fundamental". The Court adopts whatever substantive rights it thinks are so basic, natural and fundamental that they must be protected even without reliance on any particular provision of the Constitution I meant to say that subsantive due process doesn't cover just the liberties in the constitution....never the less...You say they court adopts the rights they deem basic and natural, with what restriction? How can they decide which rights are basic and natural when they aren't even elected? We are supposed to just trust them? This shouldn't be a stance you like, it lets an unelected government tell you which rights are basic and natural and which arent!   Lobby what?  OH :( I thought you would help me lobby free cheeseburgers for me.  Living in the sense that it can be interpreted, yes. Even you admit justices must do this to fulfill their Constitutional duty. The document has many vague terms that require interpretation, so I do not see what the issue is with that  But there is a difference in what a judge wishes it to mean and what it meant when written and by who wrote it. I give the dealth penalty example again. The judges NOW have said that cruel and unusual punishment is someone under 18...when it was written it didn't mean this now did it?   Originally Posted by Steeeeve A very simple term. Now, substantive due process may be a good idea...but that doesn't mean it is in there. To get this changed the judge can't assume the power to do so but has to be given it by amending the constitution.  then you said...it hasn't been changed.  I never said the constitution was changed..because it wasn't. This is the point. If it wasn't changed why did the judges assume the power that does not exist in the constitution?  so the document can adapt to different times I totally agree with this...We want the document to adapt to the times...in fact the constitution gives a way for this to be done. Amending, not judges deciding new standards of deceny and what not.  The Supreme Court (and I) believe that some freedoms should require careful scrutiny of gov'ts needs to justify their abridgment  Not all of the Supreme Court...and only within the last 30-40yrs. In fact, this may be a good idea. But that doesn't mean they can just do it. There is no power that says they can. Due process means just that...procedures for a trial.   Originally Posted by Steeeeve This brings me to abortion. There is nothing in the constitution about abortion. Which means the Federal gov't should not be able to ban it. No doubt, unless a consitution amendment says so. However, this is why it should be left to the states.  Could you provide evidence of this?  You asked me to provide evidence that abortion was illegal when amendments were written. I was referring up until the 14th which is all that matters. I probably shoulda been more clear in the fact that it was not legal by the federal government for an abortion and the courts did not strike down any abortion laws that were found in states. Most states banned abortion (with some exceptions)...I can't give you one page that says this because you have to go to all the states laws (if that makes sense).  It didn't. In fact, the Supreme Court decision had nothing to do with abortion, per se. The decision was that the gov't did not have the power to violate women's freedom to choose what to do with her pregnancy.  Well, what law says this?  You are drifting from the subject. What do standards of decency have to do with anything? If an amendment says "citizens are free to do anything they want" and we discover more things we can possibly do, does the amendment grow or was its original intent meant to cover these new things as well?  Your example is not very relevant in the fact that abortion was around then. For new things of course we have to adapt.   Are you kidding? Our freedoms do not depend on Congress to recognize. Our freedoms exist despite what Congress wishes. The Bill of Rights specifies this for that very reason, so we are not dependent on Congress to have freedoms.  I can hardly believe you just said that.   But nothing is said about abortion...Some say rights exist outside of government (in fact I do) however they have to be reconginzed by out government in order for us had court cases about it :p  Because that is their job! How many times must I say it, and you agree with it? The Supreme Court has every power to interpret the Constitution and apply it to cases.   But by creating something that doesn't exist you go by the feelings and opinions of 9 individuals who are not elected. There job is to interpret based on when the laws were written and what was written. To create ideas that may or may not have been in those laws is in a sense creating a new law.  The death penalty has no bearing re:abortion. I could not say if I agree or disagree on this subject. Maybe not directly but the same ideas apply. If the death penalty is legal today and ok today why would it not be 10 years from now with no laws being changed? The same with abortion...there were laws against it for so long, so what changed to make it ok? The constitution didn't change to make it ok...the ideas of the judges did. And this can't happen.   --What long posts we have :( Although I admire you for actually knowing some of the constitution :)
It diminishes me not to acknowledge one better than myself. You are most welcome.  In a way you established our difference without even knowing it.  I believe no one is worse or better than I.
I personally believe that abortion is murder of a defenseless, innocent, unborn infant in the womb and should not be legal unless the mother's life was endangered or possibly in the case of rape and incest........  I believe it is the most barbaric act one human being can perpetrate on another........
I personally believe that abortion is murder of a defenseless, innocent, unborn infant in the womb and should not be legal unless the mother's life was endangered or possibly in the case of rape and incest........  I believe it is the most barbaric act one human being can perpetrate on another........  BOY-HOWDY!!!!! You have spoken the truth and spoken it well. Welcome to you from the conservative South.
However we are discussing a law side right now....
However we are discussing a law side right now....  Do you mean God's perfect law or man's imperfect law? emoticon_idea
mans imperfect law because Gods law doesn't always apply in the US...although our principals surely came from that direction.
BOY-HOWDY!!!!! You have spoken the truth and spoken it well. Welcome to you from the conservative South.  I live with the enemy right outide of Seattle the second most liberal City in the USA next to Sodom (SF) so I have my hands full with Baghdad Jim McDermott......
mans imperfect law because Gods law doesn't always apply in the US...although our principals surely came from that direction.  Okay then, but how can God be left out of such an important debate topic? Is he not the giver of all life? When a woman kills her child while it is in the womb, who will be the ultimate judge of that act of murder? " A man/woman is appointed to die and then the judgement."
I live with the enemy right outide of Seattle the second most liberal City in the USA next to Sodom (SF) so I have my hands full with Baghdad Jim McDermott......  Are you trying to tell me that there is another city in America that is more liberal than Memphis, Tenn.? Memphis is completely over-run with liberal vermin. It is so bad here that I have proposed a new law which would allow the hunting of liberals with dogs. No bag limit. BTW, the rest of Tenn. is mostly conservative, God fearing folks. One liberal-one ??????
Okay then, but how can God be left out of such an important debate topic? Is he not the giver of all life? When a woman kills her child while it is in the womb, who will be the ultimate judge of that act of murder? " A man/woman is appointed to die and then the judgement."   Its left outta this topic...you can argue against abortion many ways...we are just doing US law for this topic.
Are you trying to tell me that there is another city in America that is more liberal than Memphis, Tenn.? Memphis is completely over-run with liberal vermin. It is so bad here that I have proposed a new law which would allow the hunting of liberals with dogs. No bag limit. BTW, the rest of Tenn. is mostly conservative, God fearing folks. One liberal-one ?????? Howdy from a fellow Tennesseean.
The amendment doesn't say what "cruel and unusual" applies to and the Supreme Court is free to interpret what it means. I agree with you in a limited sense, that if it doesn't apply to adult capital punishment why should it apply to those under 18? However, I do not know their rationale. For all I know I may see it in a new light. The rationale for the decision to end capital punishment for juveniles was based solely upon foreign decency standards. The Court basically said that the United States should conform with the rest of the world's standards of decency, and therefore capital punishment for juvies was unconstitutional.   This is interesting for this reason: the Court heard this case 15 years ago and found that capital punishment for juvies was not unconstitutional. Now, the court has found that it is. How can this be? We have not changed the Constitution to say this, so how can it all of the sudden be Unconstitutional? There is only one explanation: a judiciary that has assumed a role that is supposed to be reserved for the legislature.
What you object to here is the Court's decision, not substantive due process. Substantive due process would only mean that "cruel and unusual" punishment protection cannot be taken away without sufficient governmental justification. The decision that you disagree with is applying cruel and unusual to the death penalty for those under 18.  Or is that what you object to? Do you object what their interpretation of "cruel and unusual" was, that they interpreted it at all, or that they said that the protection of the "cruel and unusual" clause cannot be taken away without sufficient governmental justification?   You might be seeing the problem with substantive due process without even knowing it!! The idea of substantive due process was used in this case (look at the opinions if you get a chance). They claimed the "right to life" can't be taken away for a minor without sufficient governmental justification. They based that on cruel and unusual (8th amendment)....Think this makes no sense? Same here.  Do you have a quote where they said that?  Didnt see this when i wrote the above...I will post something seperate about this case to make it easier. So I will reply to everything else about that case later.  Agreed. All that means is the Federal Gov't cannot prevent us from having the freedom to have one.  Doesn't this mean the state gov't could though?  "Them" would be non-gender specific and would be more grammatically correct, given there are more than 1 Supreme Court justice.   Well them means they all do it...and they don't...only a few, so I just use him as if one is justice is argueing for it...this is not a big deal :-/ Just know that I mean SC justice when I say "him".  You have more to fear from Congress than the Supreme Court for this. No, I can't unelect congress.  The same Constitutional mechanism that shields justices from political pressure also necessarily shields them from political fallout. It is because of the power they have to interpret the Constitution that they must be able to be impartial.   That said, they can still be removed. As you have said, Congress can impeach them, and that is no small thing. If their decisions are destructive to our freedom, or contrary to the interests of the nation then they can be removed.   How many supreme Court justices have been impeached in the last 20yrs? They do use political pressure now. This is why judges now are given a litmus test to see if they are liberal or conservative...that is ****...it politics aren't a part of it then why should this matter? So they are not impartial, the idea of substantive due process gives them power to decide what rights are "on the top" so to speak. If you choose base on political views what makes you think they won't use that to decide what rights are "on top". I mean, Scalia would never be a justice today. The democrats would filabuster him for years. This is only because of his "political views" and not if he will follow the law and constitution.  Agreed, and I think that is not a good thing. However, this has nothing to do with the "substantive due process" interpretation.  I think it does actually. I think substantive due process created this idea. Because if judges have the ability to decide what rights are "on top" like I said then congress will appoint the ones that have their own views...and this is not how it should be done. I will admit, if judges were completely reasonable and absent of political pressure then substantivedue process might work..however this is not the case.  So you actually have no objection to abortion, merely that the Supreme Court used substantive due process to protect individual rights?  From a law perspective the only beef I have with roe vs wade is that it was done "unconstitutionally" in my opinion. I have a problem with abortion for my own moral reasons. I would always be against abortion but I would respect a law in a state that allowed it...this was the case prior 1973. In other words, legally speaking, I think it should be a state issue.  Do you really think the Fourteenth amendment was created to apply solely to slavery? It would not have been written in such broad terms if it was not meant to apply to apply to rights in general. However, what you or I think does not matter; we don't have the authority, power or duty to decide what the law means or how to apply it. That is judges have been empowered to do.  The "right to privacy" was not created with the Fourteenth amendment. I think they were thinking to protect individual rights from the gov't. The phrasing of the amendment supports that, when it starts "no State shall abridge..." it is intending to protect our rights. The Supreme Court went along the same intent with "substantive due process". That you disagree is of course your right, but it is within their power to make this interpretation.   Yeah, it did just apply to slavery...It was inbetween 2 other slavery amendments and this one actually dealt with it too. It was not written in broad tersm at all. It was created to say "ya know what, if you are born here you are a citizen, you can't have your rights taken away like how did we did during slavery unless you break a law then we give you due process...or trial...and then some rights are taken away...also, everyone is equal when it comes to the law."...The 14th amendment really had nothing to with womens rights or abortion or substantive due process. It really is straight forward. This is kinda why we had the 19th amendment. It was realized that the 14th amendment didn't cover a womens right to vote..so they created their own amendment. The due process was clearly a procedural guarntee and shouldn't have been misused. They just wanted the slaves to have the same rights as the whites. This was the purpose.  In the people's favor, I agree.  hehe, it seems any limit on the government would probably work in our favor these days..:p (joke)  They all have checks, they are each other's checks. Each branch is a check on the other in some manner. The way this breaks down is when they are all controlled by the same ideology. Then the destruction of our rights can begin. Currently, Congress and the President are destructive enough... the Supreme Court is our only safe-guard atm. Soon enough, this will not be the case, and that's when I seriously consider buying a gun.   This is exactly why you don't want political judges!  What horror will come about if they can protect what rights they believe are fundamentally important? Come now... worse case scenario.  Well, they could get rid of the death penalty for one...This would be creating a law without any backing. In a sense it makes it so they could create laws.  What is your support that the Supreme Court runs the gov't? They can decide which freedoms require a compelling reason to strip from us, and that in no way implies they run the gov't. They can't even use their power unless they are presented with a case; they can't arbitrarily strike down laws. They have power and they have the Constitutional duty to use it to decide cases. They are, and they were intended to be, the final word on how the law is applied.   Anyone can bring up a case if they don't like something. Such as abortion...with your theory, they could just as easily say that a fetus is a person and that it is a fundemental right to protect it. Personally, I wouldnt want the SC to run things...I would want Congress and the President mainly...however I think that we should outlaw political parties and work it from there.  Haha, and who decides what it meant when it was written and by who wrote it? Judges! That's what they were created to do!  Very true!! However, which one are you more accountable to? What the judges wishes are or what the judge finds out is written about the law. The latter would be a more reasonable way to do it..in fact it is the way they are supposed to. Read what was written when it was written. This way you would get a lot less of the judges view and more of the "view" of the law.  Honestly, I'm amazed the "cruel and unusual" clause didn't apply to those under 18. Tell me, steve, should that phrase not apply to those under 18 in this day and age? And tell me, how could Congress have changed it to apply equally to everyone? This isn't a problem of wording (that Congress can amend) but a problem with application, which the Supreme Court can (and has the authority to) change.  I do agree with you that Congress should make laws that represent the will of the people. They have dropped the ball and dropped it badly. They are ruled, not by the people's will or a desire to truly help, but by special interests and are concerned about their re-election above all else (and not re-election by pleasing the people, but by smoke and mirror bills and giving campaign promises that none deliver on). I think you are a fool to put your trust in elected officials.   In response to the first paragraph...Cruel and unusual didn't apply back when it was written. Therefore, it shouldn't apply today. What has changed? Congress could easily have made a law banning the death penalty for someone under 18 however it is not the job of the judges to do this.  IN response to the second paragraph...I by no means have faith in our elected officals. This is why I believe in getting rid of the poltical parties and some few other changes (maybe look at the UK system for electing). In fact, I have faith in only 2 elected officals. My congressmen, because I know him, talk to him, and he does represent my district...the other is my state rep. He actually takes the time to read everything, get the opinions of the people he represents and makes an informed decision. There might be some more, I just don't know them. My senators, governor, state senator, president, Board of Vistors at VT, and just about the rest of them all stink and can't be trusted. President Bush almost had my trust but then decided to cut Amtrak so that ended that (somewhat sarcastic).  HOWEVER!! Ones feelings about the elected officals doesn't matter. Just because you don't trust them doesn't mean we let the judges decide what is good. We follow the constitution not the feelings on the public when deciding powers of the branches (unless you amend).  The idea that the constitution can be changed over time by judges is a power not granted to them and How is it orginial intent when the constitution keeps changing by the whim of the judges. To which I responded it hasn't been changed. It has been interpreted, which is a valid power SCOTUS has.  sorry, i missed it the first time...I am debating the original intent of the constitution has been changed. They have the judicial power...which means you resolve disputes...it makes it hard when you say "they interpret the law to apply to situations"...because this is true, but it doesn't mean you interpret the law to mean whatever...it means you apply the laws to the case. There is a difference if you wish for me to go further into that...  Which power? "Substantive due process" is an interpretation, not a power. Interpretations are within their power.   As I said, there is a difference...they don't have the power to interpretate something new outta the constitution....if they did that they could say that "freedom of speech really only means something you say, not something you write"....and this would be wrong. Would it not?  And it is left to the states, if they can provide a compelling reason to do so.  I'm glad at least one pro-life person realizes it is unconstitutional to have a national ban on abortion  Well, it is unconstitutional until you amend it...otherwise it should be a state issue. Yeah, I will be the first to admit that most pro-lifers are XXXXXX and extremely hypocritical. I wish to change this. At the same time though there are probably many pro-choices that are the same way...although I dunno because I don't really meet with them...but would like to (the ones on campus don't exactly like talking about the issue but rather just call you an idiot and a women hater :-/).   "Unreasonable", "unjustified", "cruel and unusual" etc. All of these terms need to be interpreted by judges and those interpretations change with the times.  This is what the living constitution is. And my question is how do the interpretations change with time and what criterion do we use to decide this? One can't rely on a judge to decide was is decent and what is not. Evolving standards of deceny is an arguement for the living constitution. The thing is, the judges are put there to decide this. They are put there to judge...thus judicial power. Cruel and Unusual means what it meant when written...why would it change over time? Doesn't this mean that the amendment is worthless if it could be changed to mean anything or nothing?  Since it is implied that such laws would be justified  Who implied this? The judges...well duh, it gives them more power. The judges can't assume something is implied. This makes no sense because we can say the first amendment implies that we have the freedom to speak but don't have the freedom to write...that makes no sense obiviously...however, it was implied is it not? What is the standard for implying something out of what is written?  Tell me, do you know if the Supreme Court had heard any cases on abortion prior to Roe v. Wade?  The Supreme Court had not heard any cases dealing with abortion, however, I don't know if they had refused to hear some.  The Constitution implies it.  Sigma says: You are drifting from the subject. What do standards of decency have to do with anything? If an amendment says "citizens are free to do anything they want" and we discover more things we can possibly do, does the amendment grow or was its original intent meant to cover these new things as well?   To which you replied: Your example is not very relevant in the fact that abortion was around then. For new things of course we have to adapt.  I do not understand your response, abortion wasn't around when? Yes, for new things we do need to adapt.   Abortion was around prior to 1973...in fact it was banned by many states. Therefore this was not new and thus did not need to be adapted to today...when amendments were written such as the 14th, abortion existed.  Those 9 individuals who are not elected give their feelings and opinions on the Constitution.  This is were we differ...they don't give their feelings, They don't represent us. They have but one power...judicial power. To judge. Not to give us their feelings on what is right and wrong....but rather what the law says about right and wrong...there is a difference. You can't make up what the law says.   In conclusion, the judges judge..that is all. They have only one power and can't assume more. The judicial power. This simply means they look at a case, apply the laws that are relevant to the case and so who is wrong and who is not. Their feelings are irrelevant. If one believer abortion is ok, they don't have the right to go ahead and find ways in which to make the law so it is ok...this makes no sense.
this Court has established the propriety and affirmed the necessity of referring to "the evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing society" to determine which punishments are so disproportionate as to be "cruel and unusual."  So the judge goes by the majority now...well, assuming the judge nows what the majority wants...how could he not!?(sarcasim)...  http://a257.g.akamaitech.net/7/257/2422/01mar20051300/www.supremecourtus.gov/opinions/04pdf/03-633.pdf  there, that is the case....  In fact this case is worse then I thought. They cite NO law, and in fact nothing in the constitution other than the 8th and 14th amendment. They simply said that it seems people don't want the death penalty for people under 18...so why don't we make it unconstitutional...HOW IS THIS NOT LEGISLATING!!!!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??
READ THIS DISSENT BY JUSTICE SCALIA...FIRST PARAGRAPH BELOW  In urging approval of a constitution that gave life-tenured judges the power to nullify laws enacted by the people's representatives, Alexander Hamilton assured the citizens of New York that there was little risk in this, since "[t]he judiciary . . . ha[s] neither FORCE nor WILL but merely judgment." The Federalist No. 78, p. 465 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961). But Hamilton had in mind a traditional judiciary, "bound down by strict rules and precedents which serve to define and point out their duty in every particular case that comes before them." Id., at 471. Bound down, indeed. What a mockery today's opinion makes of Hamilton's expectation, announcing the Court's conclusion that the meaning of our Constitution has changed over the past 15 years-not, mind you, that this Court's decision 15 years ago was wrong, but that the Constitution has changed. The Court reaches this implausible result by purporting to advert, not to the original meaning of the Eighth Amendment, but to "the evolving standards of decency," ante, at 6 (internal quotation marks omitted), of our national society.
In fact this case is worse then I thought. They cite NO law, and in fact nothing in the constitution other than the 8th and 14th amendment. They simply said that it seems people don't want the death penalty for people under 18...so why don't we make it unconstitutional...HOW IS THIS NOT LEGISLATING!!!!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?? Have I not said as much here?
God's law supercedes man's law. Man is fallible, God is not.
And woman's law superceeds both, or hasn't your mummy taught you that little lesson yet Hunted? This makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.  Your response assumes the existence of God's law which disallows your conclusion. If God's law exists (and your argument says it does) then no law of man or woman would supercede it. Therefore, your conclusion that woman's law would supercede God's law is absurd.
God's law supercedes man's law. Man is fallible, God is not.  however, we are talking about the constitution and American law....mainly judges. Abortion argued with God could be on another thread I suppose.
Sadly no amount of irony aimed at the backward thinking use of the word "man" when the person means "person" will ever penetrate the skulls of those that use "man" in this fashion. But I enjoy the irony anyway.  This still makes no sense :p  Man can be used as a general term...too bad if you don't like it, there are plenty of words I don't like :)
It`s a joke. And even I got it...  I can't tell these things right now!! I just woke up about 10min ago.
That's because you do not understand irony. Sadly no amount of irony aimed at the backward thinking use of the word "man" when the person means "person" will ever penetrate the skulls of those that use "man" in this fashion. But I enjoy the irony anyway. I have posted some of the definitions of the word "man" and have bolded some key definitions for your enjoyment.  man Pronunciation Key (mn) n. pl. men (mn)  1. An adult male human.  2. A human regardless of sex or age; a person. 3. A human or an adult male human belonging to a specific occupation, group, nationality, or other category. Often used in combination: a milkman; a congressman; a freeman. 4. The human race; mankind: man's quest for peace.  As we can see, there is no irony nor conflict in terminology when one uses the word "man" to mean "mankind" or "human beings" etc.  Says who? Even if "God's law" exists, no democracy can ever recognise its right to have any authority over the real laws of humanity unless that democracy, through the wishes of people, chooses to align its laws with this "God's law". It's simply a logical fallacy. Your statement said nothing of democratic rule and the like. It simply said that woman's law trumps all law including God's. I realize you do not accept the existence of God's law, but I was simply pointing out that your argument (which I believe was sarcasm anyway) is inconsistent.
it is illegal in some places...  Steve, I haven't forgotten you :P I'll reply when I'm able.  No rush Sigma, I think you should read the case that I posted and maybe respond to less of what I wrote, these 1hr long posts are killing me hehe.
Even if "God's Law" exists, it has no automatic right to be superior to human laws: quite the opposite in fact.  Wait...if God exists then his laws DONT reign supreme over human laws? That makes no sense. If God exists then what he says goes...thats all there is to it. After all, He created you, He surely can undo that.
But the other half is there is no logical fallacy. Even if "God's Law" exists, it has no automatic right to be superior to human laws: quite the opposite in fact. It simply is a logical fallacy by any philosophical standard to make the following claim: "God's law exists, yet human laws supercede his law." If you don't mind, could you explain what you mean a little further. I'm trying to understand your argument.
Sure, adherence to "God's law" serves but one purpose, it is an insurance policy for one's soul (assuming one has one) against those laws being for real. Adherence to human laws actually have a purpose within the real world (or "this life" if you prefer) in that they enable society to function. So which to superceed the other: insurance policy or a means to a functional society? The choice is obviously the latter  What if humans created a law that said all jews dont deserve to live and handicap people dont deserve to live as well.. Even war vetrans with a missing arm should be executed.. what i'm getting from your statement is, Hitler's manmade laws were ok and were greater than God's law. Now that i have pointed out that a natural law exists and you know that it exists (because you hopefully believe as i do that hitler was a terrible person) let me ask you a question.. who created this natural law? it certainly isnt manmade!
What? I most certainly do not "know" that any "natural law" exists, quite the opposite. It doesn't exist therefore who or what created it is irrelevent.  You obviously do know that some law is a standard in coming to the conclusion that hitler was wrong in his actions.. Who created that conviction within you?? and who created the fact that the things he was doing were wrong?? SOMEONE HAD TO and it wasnt any man..
 Hilter's actions were not intrinsicly wrong, they are just judged to be wrong by the standards of most of the modern world.  Your logic here really scares me. If his actions werent intrinisicly wrong, i guess there is no absolute that we are morally right to judge him. Thats according to you.. And by the way, where did your mother get those convictions from?? and beyond.. there is something in every human heart that knows murder is wrong, stealing is wrong, and so forth. Who created that is what i wanna know..
That is correct. We are free to judge him, but there is no absolute against which we can judge him.  The only thing in my heart is blood. I use my head for such matters and I know that not every human head holds that murder is wrong, stealing is wrong and that not every human head agrees on what murder and theft are. You should try using your head, rather than a blood pump, for thinking one day and you too could ditch this silly notion of absolute morality governing the human race.  So if there is no absolute morality, i can go kill someone and claim "OH even though the government says its wrong, i can still do it because there is no moral certainty that its not wrong!"   ill just leave it at that. by the way, the human brain isnt the greatest thing to live by in the world.
The only thing in my heart is blood.   Well, then why do you put your hand over it and say the pledge of allegiance...
Very true, it was a woman: my mother.   She taught me the basic "right from wrong" that forms the moral base, and thus the laws, of my society. It is because Hilter's actions were so out of kilter with the morals of my society that they are judged to be so wrong by that society and thus by me.  There is no "some law is a standard in coming to the conclusion that hitler was wrong in his actions" or to put it in English: Hilter's actions were not intrinsicly wrong, they are just judged to be wrong by the standards of most of the modern world.  So slavery wasn't wrong either until around the 1860s?? Is that what you are saying?
Quite reasonable, to who exactly?   Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.   I may be missing something, if so, please let me know. Looks to me like you need to be born, to be a citizen, so your claim is actually UNreasonable.  -Mach I think that if the fetus is considered a human person, then we should change that clause.  Not to mention that you your citing the Constituion makes you guilty of an appeal to authority, and according to you, this is a logical fallacy. Therefore, I just can't accept your conclusion that one must be born to be a citizen because it is not based in reason.
 If I were a citizen of the USA though, and duly brainwashed from a young age into such a crass nationalistic act, I'd do it because of symbology; not because of a misguided belief that my heart were some vessel of morality .   AHAHA, now i understand why im dealing with someone that doesnt seem patriotic.. i think that explains this whole debate in and of itself.
but you just said it is only wrong to you...so why is it wrong in general? Could slavery be ok again if the majority said so? What is the backing for what is wrong and right if everything is realitive? If it is realitive then what you say can't be right nor wrong...so in fact right now we are both right and wrong about what we say..and extend that...me killing someone is not wrong nor is it right.
That's right: bury your head in the sand and simply dismiss it as "funny foreign views" emoticon_rolleyes  LOL. :p Yeah, i didnt bury my head in the sand first.
With your thoughts you can't say I am wrong then. In fact, I am right. If no government existed then killing you would be ok...or rather if i cut your leg off you couldn't get mad at me because I did what I thought was right...doesn't really matter what you think. More to the point: At some point you have say that what is right and what is wrong came from a basis. A realitive base is not basis at all because it is always changing. Thats like a houses foundation always moving...the building will fall. We can get into the minute details of how you have to have a basis and an absolute but in the end how can one give someone a foundation that has no standing.
Think about this example...  Slavery was considered ok until (for the most part) we had some abolitionists who presumably from no where emoticon_rolleyes decided slavery is wrong. Now the convinced people that this was wrong and in fact got slavery abolished. So how were the people convinced it was wrong? What did they look to in order to compare? If we stuck with looking at a "basis" of moral realitivity then they would look to that and decide that slavery is ok because most people think it is ok. With a logic of realitive morals people just decide things are wrong at a whim with no basis what so ever. If everyone decided things based on nothing then nothing really exists does it? I guess I proved that nothing and no one exists.
you could cut my leg off, but I most certainly could get mad at you and attempt revenge  ON what basis can you get mad since no society exists to develop the moral standars of today?  Wrong: it is a basis. It is just a basis that changes. In the 18th century, British society deemed it morally OK to ship people from Africa to the Americas to be sold as slaves. In 21st centry British society it is deemed morally wrong to do this. The moral base of that society has changed, but that moral base still esists.  But like I said...what made it wrong?  Cruise ships manage to be home to thousands quite well without any foundations and solid buildings built on solid foundations are always the first to fall in Earthquakes. Your building and foundation analogy is a very good one in fact for showing why the idea of clinging to an absolute morality is so futile.  A building can be brought down but the foundation will remain. A Cruise ship has a foundation too...if you poke a whole in it..the ship will sink. Absolute morality is not futile because it is the only thing on which something can be built...Try building something with no foundation of thought.
Wrong: it is a basis. It is just a basis that changes. In the 18th century, British society deemed it morally OK to ship people from Africa to the Americas to be sold as slaves. In 21st centry British society it is deemed morally wrong to do this. The moral base of that society has changed, but that moral base still esists. What happens if British society tomorrow deemed it Ok to ship people from Africa to the Americas to be sold as slaves? A changing basis of morality is a two way street: it could progress positively, and it could progress negatively. Why should I accept a system that has the potential to deem slavery as a moral institution?
read my thing about slavery and respond to that...other page heck, i repost it    Think about this example...  Slavery was considered ok until (for the most part) we had some abolitionists who presumably from no where decided slavery is wrong. Now the convinced people that this was wrong and in fact got slavery abolished. So how were the people convinced it was wrong? What did they look to in order to compare? If we stuck with looking at a "basis" of moral realitivity then they would look to that and decide that slavery is ok because most people think it is ok. With a logic of realitive morals people just decide things are wrong at a whim with no basis what so ever. If everyone decided things based on nothing then nothing really exists does it? I guess I proved that nothing and no one exists.
I'm sorry, I do not understand the question. There is nothing for you to accept. I am merely explaining simple reality for a few confused people. Yes, you say the basis for morality is society. I disagree and do not accept such a whimsical basis that has no principle nor produces any reason to value anything.
If you wish to adopt such a "Flat Earther" approach to the matter, that is your choice. It's hardly the first time that I've come across a religious person refusing to accept reality and it will not be that last.  Have a nice life now.   lets just say, if you were using your arguments and living in germany in 1940, you wouldve joined the gestapo and been killing jews yourself since you have no base of morality to turn to. You wouldve seen no "wrong" in it because society "accepted" it.
Let's just say that this claim by you is a highly offensive ad hominen. Please don't do it again. Luckily I suspect that you are a just a naive little kid who is confused, rather than someone deliberately calling me a nazi sympathiser, so I haven't taken further action.   i was just simply pointing out that the possibilities of that would be really high because you say there is no moral standard... and i aint a kid cause i can at least spell hominine right. :p
If you wish to adopt such a "Flat Earther" approach to the matter, that is your choice. It's hardly the first time that I've come across a religious person refusing to accept reality and it will not be that last.  Have a nice life now. I fail to see how your approach is an adoption of reality. Your basis does not produce a logical reason why I should value anything. It is a worldview that adopts an absolute moral standard that produces the highest value on human life.   Quote: Originally Posted by VTCruiser lets just say, if you were using your arguments and living in germany in 1940, you wouldve joined the gestapo and been killing jews yourself since you have no base of morality to turn to. You wouldve seen no "wrong" in it because society "accepted" it. Let's just say that this claim by you is a highly offensive ad hominen. Please don't do it again. Luckily I suspect that you are a just a naive little kid who is confused, rather than someone deliberately calling me a nazi sympathiser, so I haven't taken further action. Reply With Quote I'm afraid that one consequence of a subjective moral system is that it is indeed not possible to say that what Hitler did was intrinsically wrong. Why should I adopt such a worldview that will not allow me to logically say that what Hitler did was intrinsically wrong?
Sigh. You are proving ever so slightly tiresome. I have repeatedly stated that there is a moral standard. :xbanghead  Where have you said this.... id like to see it.   ROTFL. You silly little kid. If you are going to criticise my spelling, at least get it right! The word is "hominem", not "hominine" emoticon_rolleyes  well either way, you spelled "hominem" wrong again. its spelled homonym. i wont criticize your lack of knowledge though.
 Quote: I'm afraid that one consequence of a subjective moral system is that it is indeed not possible to say that what Hitler did was intrinsically wrong.  This is correct.  This is what scares me about you.
Assuming of course that "absolute moral standard" places a high value on human life. No existing claimed "absolute moral standard" achieves this even remotely. The absolute standard I have referred to over and over is one in which the highest value is placed on human life. Therefore I can say with certainty and quite logically that what Hitler did was intrinsically wrong.
:xcensored What the **** does homonym have to do with it? The term was ad hominem :xcensored  well ok, sorry if i made you so mad that you had to blot out your slandering.
That is indeed a laudible moral standard to aspire to. You delude yourself in thinking that it is absolute though. You can (quite correctly IMO) say that what Hitler did was wrong, but you are incorrect when you claim it was intrinsically wrong. Not according to an absolute moral standard that places the highest value on human life. The only reason I keep replying is because I want people to understand just where the relativist postion leads.  Under moral relativism, we can't say that child molestation, genocide, racism, slavery, or anything is intrisically wrong (you have said as much).  Therefore, under moral relativism there really is no reason to make laws against such things. Yet even further, there really is no reason to follow such laws should they exist.  Moral relativism, if followed out to its logical conclusion, leads to anarchy and disorder where no action is justly punishable and justice has no meaning.  Also, what does IMO mean? I've seen it a few times, but I must confess that I am illiterate when it comes to forum abbreviations.
Also, what does IMO mean  IMO= Im My Opinion  or   IMO = Imperial Oil Ltd
How can there be one moral standard which applies to all people given we know of societies that have moral standards different than our own? Example: In the past it was customary in some Polynesian cultures for women to bear children prior to taking a husband to demonstrate to all prospective husbands that they could indeed bear children. No negative social stigma.   There are many such examples.  IMO = In My Opinion. Just because there exists a diversity of opinion surrounding morality, it in no way follows that an absolute moral standard does not exist.
No, there is no problem with substantive due process as I see it. The problem is where they applied "cruel and unusual" to the death penalty for those under 18.  Honestly, Steve, I do not have to agree with the Supreme Court on every decision they make nor do I have to agree with every application of substantive due process. I agree with it as a concept and I agree how it was applied in Roe v. Wade.  However, if you submit that the use of substantive due process was wrong in the death penalty case you then have to form some type of criteria in order to use it...which there is none...One can not pick and choose to use substantive due process to their liking.  And whether they are liberal or conservative should not matter, I agree. What do you think the living constitution (and substantive due process) has done?...It is a direct result because if the supreme court can use his/her own views then the Senate would want to put people on their that support their own views.  Ok, I can live with that. It doesn't apply to only slavery.  Maybe I should clarify? It applied to slavery in the sense that it was written because of slavery...Thus the mindset. They didn't want a slavery type situation to occur.  Yes! It is straight forward in that it was meant to protect rights from arbitrarily taken away (and not just in slavery). It does not mention anything it specifically applies to because it was meant to apply to anything that is in that situation.  you said this and a few other things saying it protects rights... It says you can't be stripped of rights without due process of law... The only protection here is that you can't be stripped of rights without due process...which means trial, congress makes a law, and other things of that nature. I don't see where you get the idea that it means one can't be stripped of rights unless the court says you have a good enough reason.  They can create precedents and make decisions on the law. They can decide that no case warrants the death penalty. Since they are the final word on matters of law ("judicial power shall be vested in one Supreme Court...") it is a perfectly valid power.   Creating precedent doesn't matter much anymore if you have "evolving standards of deceny" so what is your point there? How can they decide no case warrants the death penalty? This once again creates a law. They are not allowed to do that.   The idea of substantive due process just gives the judges too much power which never existed. I think you said somewhere that judges can assume power because the constitution doesn't really spell it out very well. Well, the constitution doesn't say they can assume power so doesn't this mean they can't? All powers are reserved for the states if not applied in the constitution. This would mean the judges have these powers: Judicial. I dont think judicial means the power to assume other powers, the power to determine "standards of decency" in the world, the power to determine if a legal document's words have changed meaning (without actually having the words change). The judicial power simply means the power to judge. When you judge you look at the facts and apply them. When a judge is doing a murder case he/she doesn't decide what murder means, he simply uses the law that is stated. This applies all the way up to the Supreme Court. They may not agree with the law, but it says what it says. The 14th amendment is clear. It doesn't say subsantive due process, it wasn't written to mean that (or it would have said it), so why should a judge be able to change the meaning? This is not his/her power. The questions that surround the idea of the living constitution and "subsantive due process" can't be answered and no one can be accountable to these ideas. What criterian do you use with the living constitution? What is the basis? What are the restrictions? No one knows, the courts are supposed to decide. When this happens, personal feelings and not the law are what make decisions. This is the very reason why judges are appointed based on their beliefs rather then their ability to follow the law.
So according to you someone acting morally within their culture could be in fact immoral according to your idea of "absolute" morality.  The possibility certainly arises. Hitler comes to mind.  Then what? Then we have a standard by which we can deem actions right or wrong, we can have a basis for making laws, we can have a basis for actually following laws, and we can have a basis for punishing lawbreakers.
How does this apply to a person in that other culture? That other culture is accountable to the same absolute moral standard, and as such so are the people within that culture.  Should all acts deemed immoral also be illegal? Sure why not. But there are obviously degrees of immorality and thus there should be degrees of illegality.
Where are these "degrees" of absolute moral standards set forth? Look to the Creator of the moral universe, that Supreme Judge of all the world.
I did not say substantive due process was wrong in the death penalty case. I said I had a problem with applying "cruel and unusual" to the death penalty for those under 18  I meant this for the death peanlty for those under 18...and it still applies.  Steve, listen to me. The Constitution states that "supreme judicial power shall be vested in one supreme court" or something similar. All of what you object to is an aspect of judicial power, and thus falls under the perview of the Supreme Court  Granted...It says "The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish"...I don't understand your claim.  Substantive due process is a valid interpretation, because it extends what the amendment was attempting to do.  You are attempting to argue two points: that substantive due process is not valid and that the living Constitution interpretation is not valid. You say the living Constitution supports substantive due process. I do not believe this is necessarily so, but I'll accept that. You are also using one contested point to support another contested point, and I do not accept your conclusion for either.  Substantive Due Process is a direct result of the living constitution and vise-versa(sp) thus if one stumbles the other will too. In order for substantive due process to stand one has to assume a living constitution. Also the living constitution uses substantive due process as a false justification.  You go on to talk about how the judges and interept how they want. However, this is not the case and an unsafe one at that. With the thought of the living constitution and what not you assume that it is ok for judges to decide what is morally right in this country. You may think they should be, however, our constitution does not. Judicial power shouldn't be up for interperation. It is not an "unclear" term. From what I have read it is a simply term that means judge based on the law that exists. Here is something I have already posted that you should read  representatives, Alexander Hamilton assured the citizens of New York that there was little risk in this, since "[t]he judiciary . . . ha[s] neither FORCE nor WILL but merely judgment." The Federalist No. 78, p. 465 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961). But Hamilton had in mind a traditional judiciary, "bound down by strict rules and precedents which serve to define and point out their duty in every particular case that comes before them."  Also from Federalist No. 78 (which is the one about the Judicial Branch)  And it is the best expedient which can be devised in any government, to secure a steady, upright, and impartial administration of the laws.   Whoever attentively considers the different departments of power must perceive, that, in a government in which they are separated from each other, the judiciary, from the nature of its functions, will always be the least dangerous to the political rights of the Constitution; because it will be least in a capacity to annoy or injure them. The Executive not only dispenses the honors, but holds the sword of the community. The legislature not only commands the purse, but prescribes the rules by which the duties and rights of every citizen are to be regulated. The judiciary, on the contrary, has no influence over either the sword or the purse; no direction either of the strength or of the wealth of the society; and can take no active resolution whatever. It may truly be said to have neither FORCE nor WILL, but merely judgment; and must ultimately depend upon the aid of the executive arm even for the efficacy of its judgments.  that the judiciary is beyond comparison the weakest of the three departments of power[1]; that it can never attack with success either of the other two; and that all possible care is requisite to enable it to defend itself against their attacks  For I agree, that "there is no liberty, if the power of judging be not separated from the legislative and executive powers." Which it is not now with the living constitution  A constitution is, in fact, and must be regarded by the judges, as a fundamental law.  Nor does this conclusion by any means suppose a superiority of the judicial to the legislative power.  stands in opposition to that of the people, declared in the Constitution, the judges ought to be governed by the latter rather than the former.  They ought to regulate their decisions by the fundamental laws, rather than by those which are not fundamental. [I]  All of this is from Fed No. 78 which is an explanation for the constitution by its writters. You can read the whole thing if you want..just google it. The point of this was to show that this country was based on something and we need to follow it. To just decide we have no basis and go at the whim of the people is dangerous...it means you are not going in any direction much less the right one. Think of it this way, if you are put into the woods without anything you will walk around aimlessly and die. If you are given a map you will live. The constitution is our map...Maybe we should use it.  The founders established this country a certain way and had certain reasons for what they did. It is clear from the statements above that the judges are not supposed to rule from anything other then laws and precedent.  Sigma, it comes down to this. A judgement made from a "living constitution" perspective (and subsantive due process) is a judgement not made from law or precedent but rather their own belief or public opinion (and now into international opinion). This was not the reason the courts were set up. If we go by the "living constitution" the constitution becomes a worthless document. If judges are not bound by law then they become the legislators of this country. That might be fine with you, however, I prefer to elect the people that make my laws and our founders do too.
Another key thing taken from #78 that I forgot...  It can be of no weight to say that the courts, on the pretense of a repugnancy, may substitute their own pleasure to the constitutional intentions of the legislature. This might as well happen in the case of two contradictory statutes; or it might as well happen in every adjudication upon any single statute. The courts must declare the sense of the law; and if they should be disposed to exercise WILL instead of JUDGMENT, the consequence would equally be the substitution of their pleasure to that of the legislative body. The observation, if it prove any thing, would prove that there ought to be no judges distinct from that body.  If, then, the courts of justice are to be considered as the bulwarks of a limited Constitution against legislative encroachments, this consideration will afford a strong argument for the permanent tenure of judicial offices, since nothing will contribute so much as this to that independent spirit in the judges which must be essential to the faithful performance of so arduous a duty  Sigma, you can't argue with the intentions of the writters...They clearly state what I do (just much better). This may not be how one wants it but should we go by our founding or should we go by the whim of some people?
Look to the Creator of the moral universe, that Supreme Judge of all the world.  You are correct. Nuff said.
Would you be referring to written word or direct communication? How about a written record of a direct communication?
To be honest, I am not an expert on the issue you guys are debating but I wanted to throw something into the mix...  I see cone believes in an absolute which I agree there has to be. Sinjin then ask how we know what this is. To which I will reply the following...  Just because we may not know what the absolute is doesn't mean there isn't one. However, this country was founded on an absolute and I feel our government should live up to it. The founders provided an absolute based on the Creator. They even went as far as to say some of the things we are based on (ie: our morality of which the country was founded). For example the value of "Life" was part of the basis or absolute we are founded on here in the US. Yes I realize you guys are talking outside of government but I thought I would put that out there.
By itself, this is true. However when one looks at the huge range of moral systems that have been employed by various cultures throughout history, something becomes abundantly clear: there is no activity that is considered universally moral or immoral. This leads to the logical conclusion that there therefore is no fixed absolute moral standard at the heart of human morality. In other words, morality is relative.  I thought cone already addressed this...  I thought he said something about just because there is a diversity of opinion doesn't mean one is not the absolute right. I guess he will have to explain but I thought it was something along those lines
This is quite blatantly untrue. To make a society work, humans need rules: we need a system of morality and we need laws. Without them, society falls apart.  Wait (once agian just jumping in here)...wouldn't this imply an absolute standard? After all you need a basis in order to form a system of laws and morality.
This is true: one can never prove a negative in this sense. But as I stated, and will restate for you Steeeeeeeve:  1. We have a multitude of (often opposing) moral systems 2. We have no way of determining if one of them is an absolute moral system 3. Therefore if an absolute moral system does exist, we as a species are not aware of it, so to all intents and purposes, it doesn't exist.  Would you say that the 10 commandments is a good moral standard to live by?? and if not, why?
Which one?  There is only one. emoticon_xangel
So then can I assume that you feel all "law" for all people should be in conformance with the "morality" set forth this written word? I will not take issue with the authenticity of the writings themselves for now. Yes.  Apparently I need more words to post my answer....
By itself, this is true. However when one looks at the huge range of moral systems that have been employed by various cultures throughout history, something becomes abundantly clear: there is no activity that is considered universally moral or immoral. This leads to the logical conclusion that there therefore is no fixed absolute moral standard at the heart of human morality. In other words, morality is relative. No, not true. Take Hilter as an example. Hitler did what was right according to his culture. But because there is an absolute moral standard that transcends all cultures, what Hitler did was intrinsically wrong.  I'll give you a few examples of things that are intrinsically wrong no matter what various cultures may say about it: child molestation, murder, genocide and slavery.
It's unfortunate that you are unable to stick to the truth therefore if you are so driven and instead must stoop to misrepresentation. Are you a creationist by any chance? emoticon_rolleyes Misrepresentation? What reason does a moral relativist have to establish laws, follow those laws, and punish violators of those laws?  This is quite blatantly untrue. To make a society work, humans need rules: we need a system of morality and we need laws. Without them, society falls apart. I obviously agree that we need a system of morality. Where is that morality derived from? We need a basis for establishing what is right and what is wrong.  No your strawman leads to anarchy and disorder. It has nothing to do with morality being relative. What reason does a moral relativist have to establish laws, follow those laws, and punish violators of those laws?
Consensus alone could form the "basis" of a "system of laws". To what extent those laws enforced "morality" is yet another matter. What base informs a consensus? Under moral relativism there is no reason to value anything.
You keep claiming there is this "absolute moral standard that transcends all cultures" but they are hollow words as you cannot give any real examples: only examples of things that most people living today would find morally wrong. Why do people living today find these actions morally wrong? That's what I'm trying to get at. I don't see any reason why a moral relativist should consider what Hitler did as morally wrong. They may do so, but my point is I fail to see any reason grounding this belief.  Hilter is a bad example too. It is doubtful whether German society at the time viewed Hilter's actions as moral. He was a dictator after all: he did what he wanted, not what the people wanted. Hitler capitalized on a society that did not place ultimate value on the human person. Afterall, Hitler did not kill six million Jews all by himself did he?
That basis will vary depending upon the circumstances (and prior beliefs/ tranditions) of that society. What if I don't want to subscribe to my culture's morality, but instead want to subscribe to another culture's morals? It's a society that has the need to "establish laws, follow those laws, and punish violators of those laws" etc. A moralist merely philosophises about morals. A society has to adopt some moral standard to establish laws and punish lawbreakers. We keep coming back to the same thing: where does this standard derive from?
Point, Cone, until rather recently slavery was acceptable to many Christians. It is still acceptable to Muslims. I don't see what you are trying to say. Though Christians may have accepted slavery as being morally right, that doesn't mean it was right.
Muslims still find it so. I can't say that I agree with them because as a society we have advanced and we now believe more in the rights of the individual than we have ever done before, Muslims are still locked in a struggle over the moral value of a document created centuries ago. Just as there is a struggle now within Christianity to return to the questionable values contained in the Bible. We can get rid of one of these groups of people and their corresponding moral ethic by deciding which one has the absolute standard. It's either one or the other, not both.
This is true: one can never prove a negative in this sense. But as I stated, and will restate for you Steeeeeeeve:  1. We have a multitude of (often opposing) moral systems 2. We have no way of determining if one of them is an absolute moral system 3. Therefore if an absolute moral system does exist, we as a species are not aware of it, so to all intents and purposes, it doesn't exist.  well, maybe we don't know what the absoulte moral system is for sure...however that doesn't mean one doesn't exist. Also, even if we don't know...when you form a country wouldnt you have to take a good guess at what that would be in order to form a basis for laws?
Well not all do. But leaving those aside, it's an interesting question that a sociologist could far better answer than I could. I'll make a stab at it though and suggest it is partially as a result of what Hilter did: they were so bad they shocked many fence-sitters into regarding any such behaviour as wrong, and partially as a result of a gneral trend toward equality of rights for all throughout the world. Where did this notion that Hitler's actions were bad come from? His actions were deemed bad for a reason, what was the reason?  A general trend toward equality of rights? Is this because equality of rights is intrinsically valuable? If not, why should anyone care about equality of rights? Name a society, ever, that has genuinely placed "ultimate value on the human person"? The United States via the Declaration of Independence.
I read a lot of this...This is what I got forming a basis:  -Right and Wrong is formed on the basis of the concensus of the people -Right and Wrong are formed on the basis of ones pesonally beliefs about what is right and wrong.   All of these are not a base.  If you say the basis for laws and what is right and wrong depends on the concensus then you gotta ask "well where did they get these ideas from?? What basis?" if you then say "they get it from what they believe what is right and wrong" then you gotta ask the question "well where did they get these ideas from? What is their basis?" If you say from mom and dad then you gotta ask well where did they get it from. Somewhere down the line someone has to there is a natural understanding that something is right and wrong. How do we know what this is? Well I have my theories. However, this is not the point. The point is one has to exist. One has to have a basis in order to decide anything. For those business people out there I will provide an example of how this is true. Dell computer is based on building computers at a low cost. Dell follows this basis and makes decisions based on this. The might decide to buy a computer part from company A because it is cheaper and better then Company B or something like that. Now if Dell had no basis they would say "why don't we make baskets?" Baskets are really profitable today. If Dell starts making baskets then they just changed at a whim and will probably cause the company to fail. Don't think this is true? Look at Disney when they decided to run ESPN, race tracks, millions of other things....They have been losing money.  Conclusion: A basis is needed in order to make decisions about everything. This basis has be an absolute that doesn't change. Just like Dell can't change their basis to making baskets and computers.   Hopefully this makes sense...It does to a business mind :)
Hmm. An even better answer than mine. Very good point. Just because the United States hasn't always followed their foundational principles doesn't prove that their foundational principles were faulty or not based on ultimate human worth.  When the United States has discovered that their practices didn't line up with their principles (slavery), they didn't change their principles, they changed their practices (abolished slavery).  The principle that all men are created equal, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights assumes the highest value on human life.
IBM started over making weighing scales and automatic meat slicers amongst other things. Today it makes computer equipment. Things change and evolve. This applies as much to business as morals.  Actually, with a quick research of IBM we can find that IBM's basis is information technology.   IBM helped pioneer information technology over the years, and it stands today at the forefront of a worldwide industry that is revolutionizing the way in which enterprises, organizations and people operate and thrive.   And their mission statement:  At IBM, we strive to lead in the creation, development and manufacture of the industry's most advanced information technologies, including computer systems, software, networking systems, storage devices and microelectronics.   We translate these advanced technologies into value for our customers through our professional solutions and services businesses worldwide.    Notice it was information systems. In fact they started in 1917 as stated "The Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company enters the Canadian market under the name of International Business Machines Co., Limited"  I woulda done some more research prior to posting. IBM has always had a basis for what they do and it has remained the same.
If that wasn't so pathetic, it would be hilarious emoticon_frazzled  They didn't "discover" anything, they had a soddin' war over it! emoticon_rolleyes And if you read Lincoln, you'll find out why they were fighting the war.  But that doesn't really matter anyway. The Declaration of Independence assumes the highest value on human life and is the foundation of the United States.  You'll notice though I said the foundation. I have in no way stated that the United States places the ultimate value on human life today, which I think was the original question. It's foundation though assumes such value.  And besides that, whether a society exists today that places the ultimate value on human life exists today or not has no bearing on my claims about moral absolutes.
And you miss the point...The point is not they they make different products but that they follow their mission statement (which is their basis)...And you said IBM not the companies that became IBM. IBMs mission statement was posted and they follow that today. In fact some companies don't follow their basis and they end up losing money...such was the case for Disney. However, if you look at ANY book about managment they will tell you that the successful companies follow a set basis defined in the mission statement. I don't makes this stuff up.  Slavery would be a good example of us not following our mission statement here in the US...See what happens when you don't follow your principles?
You got it wrong: company's change their business focus as markets devlop and fade away. You also have it wrong with morlaity: it doesn't need a never changing base: it too reacts to "market conditions" and changes accordingly. This is a good thing, otherwise you and I would still think owning slaves and treating women as property were a good thing... And who knows, due to the changing base of morality, in 50 years we might go back to thinking that owning slaves and treating women as property are good things again.
Oh, I have faith in the ability of humans to reason things out and make even more progress in the areas of ethics and morality. Progress? Are you saying that abolishing slavery was a universally good thing to do? Interesting.
I hope you meant "get rid of" in the figurative sense. emoticon_xclown  What to do with "them? Get rid of in the sense of disregard their moral system. Why should we accept it if there is an absolute and there's isn't the absolute. emoticon_xangel   I read that again and I thought "Uh oh, that's going to sound weird" lol.
Cone, Could we return to my question: Would rejection of the authority of this written word be an act of immorality itself and therefore an illegal act the society you envision?   I can't believe I missed this. Guess I forgot it in trying to reply to the masses.  No. But though you may reject the authority of a moral absolute, you can still be held accountable to it.
Um, are you saying that abolishing slavery WAS NOT a universally good thing to do? No I think slavery is intrinsically wrong, and therefore a moral evil no matter one's culture and no matter what the time period in history.   But I don't know how a subjectivist could say this, for saying abolishing slavery is a universally good thing to do is to establish slavery as a universal (or absolute) wrong.
No, not true. Take Hilter as an example. Hitler did what was right according to his culture. But because there is an absolute moral standard that transcends all cultures, what Hitler did was intrinsically wrong.  I'll give you a few examples of things that are intrinsically wrong no matter what various cultures may say about it: child molestation, murder, genocide and slavery........... and abortion.
No I think slavery is intrinsically wrong, and therefore a moral evil no matter one's culture and no matter what the time period in history.   But I don't know how a subjectivist could say this, for saying that abolishing slavery is a universally good thing to do is to establish slavery as a universal (or absolute) wrong. You out there simone?
OK, I'm going on the Constitution of the United States of America as the written word upon which the current debate is centered. Are we on the same page, here?  The same Constitution which has had a number of Amendments. We have not said what the written word is yet, we are still talking abstractly. I imagine our discussion will eventually move to the question "what is the moral absolute standard?" etc.
Cone, it seems to me that whatever "moral absolute standard" we presently hold in regard to the issue of slavery did not exist in the history of humankind until fairly recently, proving, to me at least, that as a species we have made considerable advancement.  Much as I presently abhor the idea of slavery, I also shudder at the notion of what views I might have held in an earlier time in human history. It just seems to me that the idea that slavery is morally wrong is a pretty new idea to humans. If there is such a thing as a "moral absolute standard," where the heck was it hiding when humans almost unanimously supported the idea of slavery, um, except for the slaves themselves.  I think that it is owing to slaves who escaped the situation of slavery and were demned ticked off about the state and their unceasing argument about the evils of slavery that finally installed the idea in most of humanity that slavery is wrong. But, I think it took them a long time to convince the Christian Church of its evil, not to mention various nation states. It would seem that even God Himself endorsed the idea of slavery inasmuch as the Bible tells us how we must treat our slaves. I certainly hope that He is now convinced that slavery is wrong.  The problem is that without an absolute standard by which we can judge actions, we might be able to say that abolishing slavery is an advancement, but we certainly can say nothing about what kind of advancement. Was it a good advancement or a bad advancement?  We also can't discount my first claim: "And who knows, due to the changing base of morality, in 50 years we might go back to thinking that owning slaves and treating women as property are good things again." Who knows, 50 years from now society may again be in a place where economic benefit can be had by enslaving a particular group of human beings. However, if we have an absolute standard by which we can deem slavery intrinsically wrong, no matter what anyone says to the contrary, slavery is wrong.
Opposition to slavery is an "absolute value" eh? So, where is a statement in opposition to slavery in the Bible? Or, in the Koran? Or, in any of the texts held holy? Try the book of Philemon in the Bible.  Where the Hades has this absolute value been hiding itself all these centuries? The problem isn't that an absolute standard doesn't exist or isn't evident, it is that mankind is utterly opposed to submitting to it.  There are no "absolute values"! There are only humans struggling along trying to find out what is right, victims who finally are free to speak out to say, "SLavery is wrong!" "Rape is wrong!" Trying to find out what is right? How can they find out what is right if right doesn't exist?  Also, because there are no absolute values, we need to change "Slavery is wrong" to "Slavery is wrong today" We need to change "Rape is wrong" to "Rape is wrong today" It was right in the past, and it could very well be right again in the future.   I am terribly afraid that it will take the Nation of Islam a long time to come to the conclusion that stoning a rape victim is wrong BUT IT WILL! Islam is a nation?  Just as the Roman Catholic Church will one day realize that denying the priesthood to women IS WRONG!, that denying women a place in the power structure of the Roman Catholic Church IS WRONG!, that denying women the right to choose IS WRONG! How are these things wrong? Would you not have to appeal to a standard that deems these things intrinsically wrong? How can they realize they are wrong if wrong doesn't exist.
Fortunately, Philemon is a very short book and I had a quick scan. I see there some reference to being a servant but nothing in reference to slavery. I am looking at a King James version.  Is a servant the same thing as a slave?  ]15 For perhaps he was for this reason separated from you for a while, that you would have him back forever, 16 no longer as a slave, but more than a slave, a beloved brother, especially to me, but how much more to you, both in the flesh and in the Lord.  17 If then you regard me a partner, accept him as you would me.  That is the New American Standard. The greek word that the King James renders "servent" is douloß which means " a slave, bondman, man of servile condition" in the context it is used in Philemon.
I am terribly afraid that it will take the Nation of Islam a long time to come to the conclusion that stoning a rape victim is wrong BUT IT WILL!  Just as the Roman Catholic Church will one day realize that denying the priesthood to women IS WRONG!, that denying women a place in the power structure of the Roman Catholic Church IS WRONG!, that denying women the right to choose IS WRONG!  Wait, how can you tell them they are wrong? If morals are relative then you can't tell them they are wrong....it is their opinion...their morals. The fault in moral relativity is the fact that the only "basis"(if you can call it that) would be a majority of people that happen to believe the same thing. However, if a morals were relative then you couldn't convince anyone that they were wrong because you would just say "it is moral because the majority says so". I will give an example to show you what I mean. (note: no historical data in here)  The year is 1852, Milliard Fillmore is President(bad one at that), Mozart is topping the charts, and slavery still exists. In fact slavery is the normal "moral" thing to do in the USA. MOST people believe it is fine even more so in the south. But wait!! Some people DON'T think it is right. This "abolitionist" lunes are saying slavery is immoral. I don't know where they got it from, they must have pulled it out their @%&...Moving right along, when the abolitionist try to convince people that slavery is wrong everyone was just says "no it is not, the majority thinks it is ok"...And its true!! Since our morals are relative we have to rely on what the majority of people think in order to know what the moral code of today is. But because of this no one can ever convince anyone that slavery is wrong. Therefore, in 2005, it will be ok because nothing can change...oddly enough you created a moral abosulte based upon the majority of people and the majority only.  As my story has portrayed, the only way for a moral relative society to work is to look at the majority, however, this would create a moral abosolute based on the majority. Since this is obviously not true that leads one to beleive that maybe an abosolute standard does exist beyond the majority...it seems that we are all born with the idea that murder is bad and that living is good, so maybe we all know the moral standard at birth, we just refuse to accept it.
Wait, how can you tell them they are wrong? If morals are relative then you can't tell them they are wrong....it is their opinion...their morals. The fault in moral relativity is the fact that the only "basis"(if you can call it that) would be a majority of people that happen to believe the same thing. However, if a morals were relative then you couldn't convince anyone that they were wrong because you would just say "it is moral because the majority says so". I will give an example to show you what I mean. (note: no historical data in here)  The year is 1852, Milliard Fillmore is President(bad one at that), Mozart is topping the charts, and slavery still exists. In fact slavery is the normal "moral" thing to do in the USA. MOST people believe it is fine even more so in the south. But wait!! Some people DON'T think it is right. This "abolitionist" lunes are saying slavery is immoral. I don't know where they got it from, they must have pulled it out their @%&...Moving right along, when the abolitionist try to convince people that slavery is wrong everyone was just says "no it is not, the majority thinks it is ok"...And its true!! Since our morals are relative we have to rely on what the majority of people think in order to know what the moral code of today is. But because of this no one can ever convince anyone that slavery is wrong. Therefore, in 2005, it will be ok because nothing can change...oddly enough you created a moral abosulte based upon the majority of people and the majority only.  As my story has portrayed, the only way for a moral relative society to work is to look at the majority, however, this would create a moral abosolute based on the majority. Since this is obviously not true that leads one to beleive that maybe an abosolute standard does exist beyond the majority...it seems that we are all born with the idea that murder is bad and that living is good, so maybe we all know the moral standard at birth, we just refuse to accept it.  Lol, this is excellent.
That's incorrect, not morally wrong, just incorrect.  First, let's take the U.S. governemnt.  1. Nowhere in our government, our society, is it written that certain acts are right, or wrong, morally speaking. We make laws, and enforce them, laws change, and so do the punsishments. This is how we determine what is ALLOWED and not ALLOWED in a society. We make laws for a reason. The reason represents the base. If the reason is relative, murder can be legalized in the future.
Don't think so, Cone. The aggregate body of thinking within the human race currently is that murder is messy, not very smart and, there is that unhealthy pile of dead bodies to consider.  Also, that Greek word which encompasses so many meanings, servant, slave, bondsman, etc. Could it, perchance, also encompass the word catamite? Paul does speak rather warmly of this chap Onesimus, whom he characterizes as "my son," and seems to be the reason for his statement in Philemon 1:15-17 concerning servants, slaves, etc. I was not aware that Paul had fathered any sons or that he had any inclinations in that direction. If you want to talk theology we can. Not sure the other folks on this topic would appreciate it, but we can if you like.  Paul considered Onesimus as a spiritual son. You really should look into this a little more. Onesimus was a slave and Paul was not a catamite.
Don't think so, Cone. The aggregate body of thinking within the human race currently is that murder is messy, not very smart and, there is that unhealthy pile of dead bodies to consider.   So wait...you do base things on the majority????? Read what I wrote again on the previous page..and the story.
Simone,  First off....I don't know if you like Dave Matthews Band...but they got a new song called "Everybody Wake Up" which seems to be about Bush and the war in Iraq...you should check it out if you can. (only a clip is available now). It goes something like  Remember the words of the misguided fool Do on to others as you'd have them do not an eye for an eye is the golden rule Just leaves a room full of blind men (can't understand the line here) See the pig dressed in his finest fines The believers stand behind him and smile As the day lights up with fire Everybody Wake Up Everybody Wake Up   Second, if you don't base things on public opinion then what do you base it on?
The problem I have with Philosophy etc. is that too many people start out with the conclusion and then find stuff to justify it. This always fails. To me you should do the testing and the draw a conclusion.
Correct.  Can good even exist if someone is not allowed to commit a wrong? I think not. Luckily, our government allows the freedom of choice, and change.  -Mach  Hmm, our government allows freedom of choice somewhat...One has the choice to kill but will pay the price. As for change, we allow for change I guess. Not by the judges though as in Roe vs Wade. But then again why does the constitution matter if everything is relative.
Mach,  nah, I am referring to the people that are like "there is no God" and go from there...as opposed to..."is there a God" and then proceed to research both sides....This would include reading the Bible cover to cover yet most people that don't believe haven't (and even more read it cover to cover after forming the opinion it is wrong). It just seems to me that if you want to dis-prove the Bible you better be 100% sure of that one..and no one has even come close to disproving the Bible.....however, I was saying this to more then just God....Like the people that talk about "are we really here?"...those just **** me off
To go along with the God thing...I think a lot of people try to disprove Him because they don't like the idea of being accountable to someone for their actions. However, some people say they believe in God just to make themselves sleep better about death. Both are no good.  Just look as the two options and see which one is right. It is becoming more clear to me which side is right. I guess if you just seriously open your mind you see things for what they are worth and you follow everything to a conclusion...Seems all my conclusions about certain things are going one way :)
I am not that religeous but I believe in God..........I think it would be terrible to be and atheist or and agnostic and believe that this life is all there is......  I would also say that there is a God and if he is looking down on this world he can not be happy with what he sees.........
I never said that Paul was a catamite. I raised the possibility that his slave Onesimus might have been a catamite. Onesimus was neither Paul's slave nor a catamite.
Correct. But then is it probable? First it would be against the constitution (I'm being geographically limited in my reponse), which would take something significant to change it. Secondly, the survival instinct, seems to be a pretty sure bet for the average human of this time period, I doubt suddenly people will think it's a good idea to allow random killing, why would the majority support that over our current enforcement against murder?  Can good even exist if someone is not allowed to commit a wrong? I think not. Luckily, our government allows the freedom of choice, and change. First, you are arguing a geographically limited point, but still, the US Constitution permitted slavery, why couldn't it be changed to permit other atrocities?  Second, the survival instinct was Hitler's justifcation for ridding the world of the inferior race. Thus, this survival instinct could produce such horrific genocide as was seen in WWII.  can good even exist if someone is not allowed to commit a wrong? I think not. Luckily, our government allows the freedom of choice, and change. Having an absolute standard does not eliminate free choice in the same way that having a law against something doesn't eliminate free choice. Even with an absolute standard, one will always have the choice not to abide by it...the moral relativist has made such a choice, thereby proving the consistency between an absolute standard with freedom of will.
IF you were an athiest, and you thought this was the one and only life, WHY would you feel terrible? It is apparent that you seem to lack the ability of even  trying to understand what it is like to be in someone else's shoes. Your feelings and thoughts are universal?  I agree about God (or whatever the Supreme Being is) looking down at us with sorrow, especially when he witnesses the misguided and illinformed thoughts coming from his creation's minds. Well, at least some of his creations.  Judging by some of your posts my friend I think you and I don't agree about what God might be unhappy about........  Oh and I would love to see figures on how many so called atheists make a conversion on their death bed.........I would think the figure would be pretty high.........
They would be interesting statistics. They may well be high too. After all, there is nothing to lose but ones pride if one does convert on ones deathbed. But, and it's a big old but, which religion to convert to? There are just so many to choose from and if one gets the wrong religion, then one might still be in trouble. Hardly seems worth it. Perhaps I'll draw up a list of religions and randomly stick a pin in it and convert to that one on my deathbed. Actually that ought to work. After all, if there is a god out there who cares for my soul, I'm sure it would guide my hand, no? :)  Oh and I'm puzzled by the "so called atheists" comment. Can you explain your thinking behind the "so called" suffix?  Clive, personally I don't think it would be to hard of a decision to make as to what religion you chose in this country........It would probably be a Christian, Jewish selection .......Both faiths believe in God so that is the important thing....  as far as my "so called" comment I just wonder how many true atheists there are when push comes to shove.........
Whoah! I am accountable to myself! And, I think I have high standards. Does that make me God?  You can look as yourself as god if you want...I wouldn't recommend it.
Tell me Steeeeeeeve, Have you read the four Vedas cover to cover for example? If so, did you do so before forming an opinion as to which religion might be the right one? If not, you are being a hypocrite for criticising people who conclude there is no god without reading the Bible.  Who said I had formed an opinion?
Well I wouldn't call a real God someone that "meddles" in others affairs. Even so, He did create ya so not sure you can say much.   I would like to add on to the statement way above too...I was talking about between a God and not a God...not between the different religions.
Are you claiming that you have no opinion on whether there is a god or not and if there is, what its nature is?  As I recall, I am saying that is seems to be leaning towards one way...a lot of conclusions seem to be coming one side. However, in the comment you talked about earlier I was kinda referring to those that point out "contradicitions" in the Bible. Thus proving it false. However, they have never read the thing so how can they disprove it such?
I'd agree. I suspect the side we feel the evidence come4s down on is opposite though  Well, to me we just end up at somepoint looking at the word "faith"...this is because not everything can be explained. I really think that no one can argue this point either. At some point, somewhere you have to have faith. This can be in science, God, or whatever. So from that point is where you have to decide which way to go. The chips for me just seem to fall down a higher power...it just doesn't seem like Science would ever be able to explain everything why a God can. Plus (and this is kinda a new thought of mine so not sound yet) if you look at people that truely believe in God and have their faith in him, they just seem to have a better life. I can't explain it very well but things fall into place for them, they are always consistent, more productive, better citizens, overall nicer people. I am not sure if that explains anything but it seems to be true. (Note: I by no means am talking about the fake Christians that go around saying you are gonna go to Hell because you haven't memorized the Bible..I am talkin about the true ones)  My appologies, I hadn't realised that is what you meant. Yes it is fair to demand that someone read the Bible cover to cover before commenting upon possible contradictions within it. No it isn't fair to demand that they do so without prior bias as that is nigh on impossible to do.  Some stuff in the Bible gets a little messy..however, this is why we gotta look back at the original text of that thing. For example, some stuff in the Bible doesn't have an English translation and therefore when people read it they get the idea that Women can't teach and things of that nature.
Someone can always argue anything, and I'm your man to argue this one. We don't have to end up with faith, we can stop short with "we don't know (yet)" and be content there is still things out there for us to discover.  Yet that almost assume a faith  I know very few religious people. Of those that I do know, some seem nice, some seem horrible. Some are happy, some have lots of problems. Their choice of religion seems to make no difference to this. In short they seem like "ordinary" people.  I know many religious people..i mean't REAL religious people. They just seem to be happier (even when things go bad). You don't see them murdering, you don't see them doing drugs, etc.  Of course those people would claim they are the true Christians and you are the false one; but that's religion for you...  It is not hard to tell a fake Christian from a non-fake one. Either they believe in the Bible and God/Jesus or not...very simple.  I know that Genesis is blatantly not literal, but that is the extent of my Biblical knowledge.  It shows :p
I know that Genesis is blatantly not literal, but that is the extent of my Biblical knowledge. Do you know Genesis is blatantly not literal, or do you believe Genesis is blatantly not literal?
Do you "know" the Bible is the word of God or do you just "believe" it is?  Why don't you answer cone't quesiton before you ask one of your own.
So you were "answering" a question that was asked to someone else?
My essay:  "They are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights..." Edowed: inherited through existence Unalienable: incapable of being alienated, surrendered, or transferred  We have heard these words many times and have undoubtedly passed over them a time or two. However, it is necessary and vital that we pause and consider these words which reflect much about the governmental paradigm our forefathers and the worldview which shaped this nation.   We hold these truths to be self evident.   We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  Our forefathers viewed these (all assumptions underlying the previous statements) as truths which were observable (self-evident) and indisputable. They viewed that there are certain rights that transcend society and culture. This phrase, which comes straight from the declaration of independence and is revisited in the constitution, is the cornerstone of our constitution. Therefore, it can be said that this concept (that there are transcendent rights endowed by someone higher than government) is the foundation of our entire government. In the declaration we read the very purpose of the structure of government as viewed by our forefathers. The purpose of government is:  That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,    Because these rights (life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness) transcend all of humanity, we must recognize that it is any government's responsibility to secure those rights for all members of the human race.   So where do these rights come from? Well, if you ask a theist they will say they were endowed by God (the creator). If you ask a naturalist they will say they were created in the mind of man (endowed by nature). If you ask a transcendentalist they will say they were endowed by the force, Luke. However, rarely will someone who is reasonable deny they exist. Wherever you might like to say these rights originate, you are foolish to deny the existence of these certain inalienable rights (if not for the sheer purpose and means of self preservation!).  It is essential to recognize that these rights do not come from government but are merely recognized by government. Therefore, we conclude that since they do not come from government, they should not be taken away by government.  Let us examine these rights. We should be careful to observe any place where the concept of rights is mentioned in the documents. In observing we must look and seek to understand each right in the light and context of this statement: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.   First, let us examine the right to life. It is interesting to note that this right is mentioned first, and that it is mentioned first for a reason. The right to exist is a fundamental right. Once one obtains the genetic code that is specific to the human race, one exists. From this point on one has a right to continue to exist and this right no one can dispute.  Now, lets examine the right to liberty. What is liberty? What is true freedom? Bottom line, this must be defined as free choice in every circumstance. However, does the possibility exist that there is a type of liberty which transcends all of the experiences of mankind? Is there an ultimate freedom which frees mankind from oppression? I leave this for the reader to examine.  Finally, the right to the pursuit of happiness. This is the "whatever floats your boat" right. Happiness is different things to different people and has been viewed as a celebration of individuality. However, is it possible that a true and ultimate happiness exists which transcends all of mankind? A certain happiness that enthralls men and brings them unsurpassing joy? Again, I leave this for the reader to examine.  An understood and observed logical hierarchy of rights. We can observe within the constitution and declaration a hierarchy of rights. This hierarchy is based upon one foundational right and that is the right to life. All rights derive themselves from this fundamental right. It is reasonable to say that without this right there would be no other rights.   For example, let us consider one scenario within the constitution. We have the right to bare arms. This right would not exist were it not for (partly) a right to defend oneself. The right to defend one's self would not exist were it not for the right to liberty and property. The right to liberty and property would not exist were it not for the right to life (were it not for the right of a human to continue to exist).  It is reasonable for one to acknowledge that in order to be happy one must be free to be happy(whatever one's definition of happiness), and in order for one to be free to be happy one must exist to be free.  What happens when the rights of two persons appear be in conflict?   Upon casual reading one may conclude that all rights are of equal quality. However, this cannot be the case. It must be noted that the right to life is of a different quality of all other rights. The right to life is a right of sanctity and dignity while the right to happiness is a right which determines the quality of that sanctity and dignity.   Whenever we see a confliction of rights within our culture there is always a right which takes precedent. Your right to bare arms stops with my right to defend myself. A rapist's right to happiness stops with the victim's right to liberty. A murderer's right to happiness stops with the victim's right to life. In every conflict of rights, it is necessary that the more fundamental right take precedent.   Let us a look at the mother's right to choose whether or not to donate her bodily resources vs. the baby in the womb's right to life (the right to continue to exist). The conflict of rights between the mother's right to happiness and freedom may sometimes be in conflict with the baby's right to life. Comparing these to rights as equal is impossible and unreasonable. The right to life is of a different quality then all of the other rights. The right to life is the assumption of all other rights, and to assume it to be equal to any other right is to commit a fallacy.  When it comes to a fundamental right to life(the sanctity and dignity of a human life) vs. a right to happiness (the quality and personal desires of a human life). Which one should win? Well which one is more fundamental? Upon the fundamental right to life hang all other rights bestowed upon humanity and all laws which government can ethically mandate.  So, my question remains:   Why is there even an option of abortion (other then when the baby's right to continue to exist conflicts with the mother's right to continue to exist)? Here is what I think. Those whose transcendent fundamental right to life is being trampled upon are being denied their right to life because they have no voice. Neither do they have the power to stand up for themselves. They are the most innocent among us. They are the weakest of the weak. They are the smallest of the small. Therefore no one notices when fundamental incomparable right to life is denied to these voiceless human beings. While so many are choosing the road of selfishness in exchanging another's right to continue to exist for their own posh lifestyle and convenience, let those who have a voice and a heart cry out for equal justice under law for all.   There may come a day when out of duty America's citizens must make application of this statement found in the declaration. That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.    In our dynamic culture, let us embrace a culture that values a right to life. Otherwise we always be moving toward the antithesis and will become a culture that embraces death.
You've gone a great length here to say you're against abortion...only to hear possibly from the pro-choice crowd that life begins at birth.
no one disputes that human life begins at conception
no one disputes that human life begins at conceptionYou know better than that. There are several misinformed posters on this forum who would argue that point 'til the cows come home.
science recognizes that human life begins at conception. even john kerry and al sharpton recognize that. this is well established by science.  this essay is for those who say that even if you establish that life begins at conception i have the right to choose not to donate my bodily resources against my will.(like sigma)  Those on this board who say you have to be a certain size, or live in a certain environment (where do you live), or produce some sort of good for society, or be a certain color, or have a limited number of genetic defects in order to be deemed human life are ignorant of scientific fact.
comparing these rights of the mother to have a certain quality of life with the right of the fetus to continue to exist is an unequal comparrison
i never made any comment on those going through the experience of having an abortion or having a baby. No doubt it is a life changing experience. And there are definitely complicated cases which are tough emotionally and physically and socially. life is definitely tough at times. however the question of whether or not to preserve human life in a pregnancy must be always be aswered with the choice to preserve sanctity of life above quality of life.  my heart goes out to the women caught in these complicated situations.
Hey I am pro-choice and believe that life begins at conception.  However - that doesn't mean that Jim, Chloe, or Wubya the Monkey get to make blanket decisions for total strangers without their input and without regard to their circumstances.  There are simply better ways to address abortion than stepping on the rights and privacy of pregnant women, strapping down their options, demonizing them for their sexuality and trivializing everything they are facing.Don't lump Jim into a group unless you know where Jim stands. I'm pro-life except in cases of rape, incest or endangerment of the mother's life. I don't like abortions, but sometimes they are justified.  There are too many potential parents wanting children they can't have themselves to allow random abortions just because the pregnant female or her family doesn't want the baby.  ...and life does begin at conception.  JMHO. :p
than stepping on the rights from jitobear...  NO one has read my post about what a RIGHT is....I suggest we look at that.
the Declaration of Independence has no legally standing  Did we forget that?   Have we forgotten that it didn't apply, and that the signers themselves didn't use it in their lifes?   chloe, please refrain from using obvious hypocritical sources in such argumnts.  these same rights are also afforded under the constitution.   also, this document (dec of ind) gives insight into what paradigm the founding fathers had. they clearly viewed that these basic rights were transcendent and bestowed and that all of humanity possessed them. these documents give us a context from which to interpret the constitution.
Please. *sigh* The constitution and the Declration are two very different things, from ideology to application. The declaration is bascially a list of "why the king forced us to do this."   i am talking specifically about their view of rights (right to life,liberty, pursuit of happiness) and their view of the puropose of gov that its purpose in society (ideally) was to sucure these rights. the constitution recognizes these rights.   Except they did not. Do you know that many of the signeres were slave owners? Kind of blows your argument away doesn't it?   that is irrelevant to the argument about abortion. these rights exist whether gov recognizes them or not. the fact that slavery was abolished is a testimony to this.  i feel you have missed the whole point of the essay
So what's so bad about denying a fetus rights if they did it to? After all, you're arguing that their beliefs should governor us now right? So if it was okay back then under their beliefs, why not now? That is your argument no?    Are you saying that slavery was ok back then?
No it doesn't. The consitution states that if you can only lose those  "rights" with due process and a exchange.   doesnt this assume they exist in the first place?  It doesn't say that you can't lose them at all. There is no right to the pursuit of happiness in the consitution.. Liberty can be taken away, as well as life. The consitution does not prevent capital punishment or incareration. Those rights alienble.    yes the writers assumed these rights existed and were transcendent. The right to property can be considered to be the same as right to happiness. even if you don't see it that way, it doesnt change anything. the right to life is a fundamental right. it is the right of all rights.  Of course these right can be taken away through power, but not without due process of law. Usually the reason that life is taken away is because the person took the right to life or (lives) from another. rights are taken away as punishment to the person who took rights away from another (broke the law).  Fallacy: changing the direction. You clearly stated they clearly viewed that these basic rights were transcendent and bestowed and that all of humanity possessed them.  Yet that is obviously false.    how so?   So what's so bad about denying a fetus rights if they did it to? :p After all, you're arguing that their beliefs should governor us now right? So if it was okay back then under their beliefs, why not now? That is your argument no?   they saw that we posessed TRANSCENDENT(absolute and unchanging) RIGHTS whether they were recognized or not.   you just dont like the idea that they are transcendent or bestowed.  you are still missing the point of the essay.
Well, seeing as how the statement only refers to MEN, this excludes all women, boys, girls, and embryos. The creator just did not bother to endow these folks with any rights, ok. It's so self-evident. emoticon_rolleyes i hope you are joking
co signers of constitution and declaration  Robert morris  Benjamin franklin  George Clymer James Wilson George read Roger Sherman
men being the generic term for human beings. come on people.
Yeah were you joking gnojek? "Man" or "men" was used as a term for people in general back then...in fact this is used today such as "One small step for Man"
Rubbish, there are many that argue otherwise. The life of twins can be viewed as starting at the moment the zygote/ embryo splits for example.  The reality though is there is no single point at which a human life begins: the moment the egg and sperm form, the moment of conception, first division and implantation, the moment the heart starts to beat, the moment of birth etc all mark stages in the formation of a new life.  oh yeah rubbish rubbish, scientifically speaking, human life (using a most bsic term) begins at  conception. the twins exist as two seperate entities the moment each contains the individual human dna.   seems to me you better be certain when it begins before you go around ending it. if you are driving at night an you "think" you might see a person ahead in the middle of the road you are hopefully not gonna drive over that person. Instead that uncertainty should lead you to stop. If you dont like that example, consider a hunter who is unsure what is in the bushes.
My apologies. They do exist. The consitution does recognize them, but hardly makes them inalienable. On the contrary, it sets measures in which those rights can be taken away.  The Declaration states what our rights are, "life, liberty, pursuit of happines" (property) and why we declared our independence. The Constitution explains what form of government will best guard these rights. The purpose of a good government is to secure these rights for all of its citizens, and the reason those measures must be set in place is because these rights sometimes conflict.  Therefore, the declaration's inalienable rights idea is not a reality in the consitution, but the reverse is very much true. We CAN take those rights away under certain conditions, meaning the so called inalieble are very much alienable in our legal system.  The reason they would be denied to someone by a government which exists to secure these rights for all of its citizens is because that person has taken rights from another by force. The government does this to punish the lawbreaker and better secure the rights of the other citizens. This keeps crooks off the streets who seek their happiness at the expense of other people's more fundamental rights.  Happiness is subjective.  Right, but life is not. That is why you cannot compare the two. Killing makes a killer happy, but it robs the victim of life.   Fundemental? What do you mean by that? Under due process, that right can be removed.  The right to continue to exist is necessary for all of the other rights. If you don't exist you don't have any other rights. The right to life cannot be compared to the right to freedom or happiness. This is an unequal comparison.  So by all means, that right is not fundemental.  Yes it is. The victimizer robbed the victim of all of the rights when he took the right to life. The right to life is a necessary right for all other rights to exist. There for it is a fundamental right.  How can a slave owner say all of humanity possessed these rights yet deny them to women, minorities and slaves? Seems like humanity is either white, land owning men, or they simply did not believe in such a idea or believed it was not applicable at the time. All go contrary to your argument.  The slave owners had a wrong understanding of humanity. This doens't negate the fact that the slaves were endowed with rights by their creator. Just because a murderer doesn't think the victim has a right to life doesn't make it so. Those penning these documents were observers of these transcendent rights.  What they SAID and what they DID are two very different things. I'm applying what they did. And what they did goes contrary to your argument. What they did was wrong. This does not change the fact that certain inalienable rights exist of these being a fundamental right to life. This is how you are able to say that slavery was wrong. These guys just observed that the rights existed. They weren't the ones who originated them. These rights were bestowed.
This is true. The mother is a (hopefully) adult human with full rights, the newly conceived fetus has no rights. Its rights grow as it grows. hopefully? you mean hopefully she has grown into full righthood?  So rights depend on your height? ha ha! I hope i am taller than you! I wish i could find some human growth hormone, then i could finally have more rights.   This is called DISCRIMINATION. and a civil war was fought over this same thing. as was ww2.
Incoerrect. "scientifically speaking", conception is the point where two lives merge into one rather than when a life starts.   like i said, human life begins at conception. Sometimes two ovarian follicles release egg cells simultaneously, and if both are fertilized, the resulting zygotes can develop into twins.  Twins many develop from a single fertilized egg. This may happen if two inner cell masses form within a blastocyst and each produces an embryo.  Also cojoined twins are considered human life.  The life in all of these cases BEGAN at conception.   Its not that I do not like your examples, they are simply not analogous.   i think they are
Oh dear. I see I need to keep things simple and spell out the obvious with you. I meant that hopefully she woul be an adult. Children have less rights than adults you see. Thry have no right to vote, they have highly limited rights as far as connsuming alchohol goes etc.   A newly conceived fetus has no rights. An adult has (crudely speaking) all the rights that a society is going to bestow. Those rights are gained as the person ages.  Do you understand now? evreyone is endowed with fundamental rights. you exist - you have these rights.  You don't develop into the right to life. once you exist you have the right to continue in your existance.  fundamental rights aren't bestowed by government, they are recognized and secured by government.
You have to be kidding me.  Do you really think they meant just "males" when saying that?   man ( P ) Pronunciation Key (mn) n. pl. men (mn)  An adult male human.  A human regardless of sex or age; a person.     Seriously
I comend you on making the effort to look the matter up. Sadly though, you get all confused in your haste to find a little snippet of knowledge that appears to agree with your silly claim that "human life begins at conception".  Dizygotic twins (ie twins formed from two zygotes, commonly known as non-identical twins) occur when the two overies both release eggs that become fertilized. Monozygotic twins (formed from one zygote, commonly known as identical twins) can occur in, broadly speaking, three ways: 1. The egg splits when it has formed two cells. Those two cells go on to produce two separate individuals. 2. At some stage up to 7 days after conception (ie before implantation in the uterus), the "inner cell mass" (the part of the embryo that will go on to form the fetus, placenta and chorion, rather than the amnion) splits in two forming two separate individuals. 3. At some stage between 1 to 2 weeks after conception, and after it has further differentiated into the endoderm and ectoderm, the ectoderm (the bit that will form the fetus and placenta rather than the chorion) splits in two and froms two separate individuals.  A new human individual can form up to two weeks after conception. Life cannot be scientifically defined as always starting at conception. Q.E.D. but it is. Straight from my molecular and cellular biology book: The dynamics of a cell can best be understood by examining the course of its life. A new cell arises when one cell divides or when two cells, like a sperm and an egg cell, fuse.  From the medical dictionary: life 1 a : the quality that distinguishes a vital and functional plant or animal from a dead body b : a state of living characterized by capacity for metabolism, growth, reaction to stimuli, and reproduction  All of the genetic info which defines human life exists at conception, therefore this is called human life. Before the embryo splits into two separate parts it must be alive to do this. it could not do this if it were dead. At the fusion of the male and female nuclei a single nucleus is created. After this fusion the new entity (containg a unique genetic code) would have to undergo a process of cell death in order to be called dead.  No one is endowed with any fundamental rights. Rights are bestowed, and taken away, by society upon individuals. The concept of a universal right to life (sadly carried too far by some to cover the unborn) is a very modern concept and still isn't practiced in large parts of the world (including your country [assuming you are American] as you still have the death penalty).  then your beef is with the founding fathers:  "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness."
You seem to think that the Declaration has impact upon how this country is run. Again, the Decl. has no legal standing whatsoever in the US legal system.  The declaration showed that the founding fathers recognized the rights. However, the constitution expounded upon the basic fundamental rights and laid out a means of securing those rights.   So you therefore admit that these rights are infact, NOT inalienable but on the contrary, very much so. That creates a internal contridiction in your argument.  I am showing that the inalienable rights are not equal. Therefore, when there is a conflict of these rights between individuals, the more fundamental right wins out. Our government uses its power to stop someone from going around using their power to deny others their more fundamental rights. The government chooses not to recognize the rights of a murderer in order to secure the right to life of the murderer's potential victims.  I don't think you know what my argument is.  I doubt killing makes a killer happy, as many killers have seriously regretted such decisions.   Just because you doubt doesn't mean anything. Actually, there have been many killers and rapists who have found their happiness by killing and raping.   You don't have any rights in the first place. You are given rights, and these rights can be taken away just as easily as they were given.  Right, they are endowed. The fundamental rights are not given by government. Our founding fathers recognized this. If you are a human you have fundamental rights. They are recognized and secured by government.   You made another contridiction. By stating previously that what the signers thought was right and now stating they were wrong, you have contridicted your argument.  No.  They recognized the rights existed. This is kind of like a pro-choice person recognizes there exists a right to life, yet denies that right to those in the womb. Just because they do this doesn't mean the right to life does not exist.
Hey I am pro-choice and believe that life begins at conception.  However - that doesn't mean that Jim, Chloe, or Wubya the Monkey get to make blanket decisions for total strangers without their input and without regard to their circumstances.  There are simply better ways to address abortion than stepping on the rights and privacy of pregnant women, strapping down their options, demonizing them for their sexuality and trivializing everything they are facing.  If you believe that life begins at conception and you also support abortion then how do you justify abortion? Mercy killings? emoticon_confused
I don't understand why people think rights come from the government. This country was built on the idea that the government does not give rights but we already have them. The Bill of Rights is simply here to make sure the government doesn't try and take them away. This is different from other governments that try to give rights.  The problem with government giving rights is that they are not "rights" if they can be given and taken away. For example, many claim the right for a women to do what she wants with her own body. If the government takes this away does that mean no right exists?(granted I dont believe in that right). Why are rights based on law? This would also mean that slavery was ok back in the 1800's. The slave owners had a "right" to their property. Does this mean that slavery was ok until this "right" was taken? The answer is no. This is why the US was created with rights endowed by the creator. Governments job is to make sure no one takes those and the Bill of Rights is set up to kinda make sure the government doesn't take certain ones away. The example of ones head being cut off for having cocaine is a bad one because the right to life still exists it is just that the government there has infridged upon this...it doesn't mean it was ever gone.  As for zachvac, why are definitions bad...what do you think the founders used? Words mean certain things and sometimes we lose sight of that. As I said earlier, the US was not created on the basis that government grants rights. We say a person has a right to life. When they said person they meant human life. Not flies. Read this link to find out more about rights.  http://www.wealth4freedom.com/truth/origen_of_rights.htm
I don't. Nor do I need to. I have never had one. How do you justify trivializing, meddling with, and intruding into the life of total strangers, big brother?  Like you, I believe that life begins at conception. But unlike you, I believe in protecting THAT life from being taken. It's called preventing murder. emoticon_rolleyes
What do you call a right? A right is something you are allowed to do. If we had no government you would have all the rights yet you wouldn't be safe because someone else could excercise their right to kill you. The point is that rights are not something you have without government. Our (the U.S.) government says that when you are born you have these rights under this government.  So if you and I were in space you would be ok with me killing you? No. Rights exist whether someone is there to enforce it or not. That is why the founders said they are endowed by the Creator.  You cannot name one single right that absolutely can't be taken away  I can name one. You cannot take away the right to life. Just because someone kills you doesn't mean your right was taken away. It means someone abused your right. Read the article on rights that I posted.  Quote from Jitobear: And unlike you, I believe in protecting the rights of women.  This kinda gets back to our discussion about where rights come from.  Anyway, what is your stance on religion by the way? Do you beleive in the Bible? I ask because you believe life begins at conception.   THE LINK WAS BROKEN<<<  http://www.wealth4freedom.com/truth/origen_of_rights.htm  THATS THE CORRECT ONE
And unlike you, I believe in pretecting the rights of women. And unlike you I don't trivialize what they are going through and don't demonize them. And also, unlike you, I have walked in their shoes. You have not, and never will.  Back to the "walk a mile in my shoes" argument, again? emoticon_rolleyes  The big difference between you and me is that you believe that protecting a "woman's right" takes precedence over the life of the fetus. With rare exception, I believe the opposite.
And unlike you, I believe in pretecting the rights of women. And unlike you I don't trivialize what they are going through and don't demonize them. And also, unlike you, I have walked in their shoes. You have not, and never will.  jitobear,  I really respect your zeal for protecting the rights of women (and sigmas zeal as well). sometimes in the case of pregnancy there is a situation where the woman wants to have an abortion (for whatever reason). what exists in these situations is a conflict of rights. however, you cant really compare any other right with the right to life. the right to life must exist for any other right to exist. i realize many women are often pressured to have an abortion even when they really dont want to have one. I really think a lot of the men need to stand up and be men and take responsibility. However, i dont think we will really get women in these situations the help they need unless there is a culture shift. I dont think our society really understands the value of life and doesnt really understand what a culture of life is. If it really did, then there wouldnt be any women who would feel demonized. The heart of this nation must embrace life on the heart level and then as a natural result we will see fruit. We really need a radical culture shift in our society on so many levels for this to happen though. I can think of some things which would bring that but wont mention them here.
jitobear,  I really respect your zeal for protecting the rights of women (and sigmas zeal as well). sometimes in the case of pregnancy there is a situation where the woman wants to have an abortion (for whatever reason). what exists in these situations is a conflict of rights. however, you cant really compare any other right with the right to life. the right to life must exist for any other right to exist. i realize many women are often pressured to have an abortion even when they really dont want to have one. I really think a lot of the men need to stand up and be men and take responsibility. However, i dont think we will really get women in these situations the help they need unless there is a culture shift. I dont think our society really understands the value of life and doesnt really understand what a culture of life is. If it really did, then these women would not feel demonized. The heart of this nation must embrace life on the heart level and then as a natural result we will see fruit. We really need a radical culture shift in our society on so many levels for this to happen though. I can think of some things which would bring that but wont mention them here.  I agree with much of what you say, but I'm a little confused about your statements about women feeling demonized. Which women are feeling demonized? those having abortions or those chosing to have the baby? If it's the latter, then I don't agree. The illegitimacy rate in the US is higher than it has EVER been. In big cities, illegitimate births significantly outnumber legitimate births in all demographics except for Asians and some Hispanics. Amongst blacks, for example, illegitimacy outnumbers legitimate births by 2 to 1. If they're being demonized, then they aren't aware of it because the rate isn't dropping.
The right to life is not a prerequisite for any other right that I can think of. I STRONGLY disagree. I think i have shown it to be. The right to live is the cornerstone upon which all other rights rest upon. You remove that right and the house falls. You can't compare any other right with the right to life because it is of a different quality. if you are dead then you don't have any rights. You must exist and continue to exist in order to have any right and to continue to have any right.  A gov must make it first priority to secure the right to continue to exist (right to life) in order to secure any other rights. If someone takes another person's life they not only deny them their right to life, but also every other conceivable right.  I would like to think that your right to continue to exist to post your opinions on this board (right to life) has more value than my right to liberty, happiness and my right to life has more value than your right to liberty and if these rights were to ever conflict we would both continue to live another day to argue. i do think you are wrong on this one sigma (and all who agree with sigma), and it wont hurt my feelings if you admit it :)   Abortion is a symptom of problems in society, not a cause. You are absolutely right. Banning abortions will not solve all of our problems, but it will further solidify and secure the right to life, and therefore better secure all other rights for all.  Banning it will not stop abortions (because the problems in society will still exist), it will simply drive them underground. A surgical practise such as this should not be driven underground because that will maim and kill many more women. I have heard this so many times and the statistics on this have been blown astronomically out of proportion. Planned parenthood pushed this propaganda. I'll back this statement up if you like.   "Culture of life" and "value of life" are meaningless buzzwords. Please be specific. A culture of life is a culture where the right to life is viewed as the most fundamental of all rights. A culture where the dignity of life is held above the quality of life.  Without the shifts you speak of banning abortion will do nothing to help. Absolutely nothing. Banning abortion would save over 1 mill human lives a year. However, abortion won't be banned unless there is FIRST a cultural shift. The shift must come first.
Aw - once again - trivialize the circumstances of women - I really think we have vastly different views of what resPect means.  Yes, I respect life, you don't.
I'm not ok with it but in this scenario life would not be a right unless you and I came to an agreement to not kill each other. Then we would have a right to life but not before.   So you call the death penalty abusing their rights? I could also say I was given the right to smoke pot, but until the government lets me, it's not a right. I can continue to say that these are only abuses on my rights but I doubt you'd listen :)  A right doesn't mean someone won't abuse it or try to enfridge upon it. I really challenge you to read the website I posted. It really shows how government is not the creator of rights.  What do you mean by recognized? They obviously did not recognize the majority of humanity's part in such rights. I ask you, how much US history and Law have you had?    This was a statement for chloe....and let me say, you said that to the wrong person :p.  So you now think that these rights are alienable. Again, more contridictions. are these rights inalienable or alienable, you cannot argue that they are both at the same time! Realize your contridictions and straighten your logic out!  I believe you need to understand that just because something is inalienable does not mean it can't be "stepped" on. Inalienable means that these rights cannot be taken away. If you are murdered you still have the right it was just stepped on(so to speak). It is a right no matter if you have a government or not.
Something that is due to a person or governmental body by law, tradition, or nature.  commenting on this first...From zachvac...It says right there..Something DUE to a peson or governmental body by law, tradition, or NATURE...it says DUE to...not given by.  As for Duo....trust me about Chloe :p  You get the idea that a right that is infridged is the same thing as taken away and thus alienable. This is not the case. Lets say you get your wallet stolen...your right to property is not "gone"..in fact you still have that right which is why the person goes to jail. Alienable means transferable to someone else. Your right to life cannot be transferred to someone else. However when one says "unalienable rights endowed by the Creator" this means "unseperatable rights given (and only can be taken) by the Creator"  One can never take your right to life..this would mean transfer or giving a right to life to someone if you could. Since life can't be this is an "unalienable right". In the US the founding fathers believed this to be true and based almost everything on that. It is how the Constitution was formed, and many things like that :).
Because...your right has been revoked. How is that inalienable? We clearly see that when someone is murdered, their right to life has not been revoked. The fact that the government punishes murderers testifies to the fact that one's right to life has not been revoked. If it had, there would be no consequences for murderers at any level.  To revoke the right to life, the government itself would have to remove all protections of life, which includes punishment for those who take it.
Very silly. Oh so very silly. Before there was government, did you have rights? Did you have a right to life? no.  We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Puruit of Happiness - That to secure these Rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just Powers from the Consent of the Governed... Rights are endowed by the Creator and secured by the government. It is evident from the founders that it is the purpose of government to secure for its people rights that are pre-existent of government.
Rights are endowed by the Creator and secured by the government. It is evident from the founders that it is the purpose of government to secure for its people rights that are pre-existent of government.That's true, but I doubt it'll fly with this forum's liberals. They think the government should give you eveything, including a job.
If you have an argument that has the premise rooted in the constitution, without any reference to gods, or the declaration, I'd like you to post it, having some more logic-driven debates on a hot-topic are always a good thing, in this case it's logic-driven, just with a flawed premise.  In the end your entire argument fails because it's essentially an appeal to authority, that is, the authority of our forefathers as thinkers (which some indeed were). An argument needs to stand on the basis of sound logic and reason alone, not be rooted in the thoughts and ideas of some other person.  The arguement that the forefathers had is what the constitution is based on. The declaration of Independance is what our country is based on. If the arguement has no standing then our country has no standing. We have FAITH (key word) that what they came up with is something good to keep our society rolling...and for so long they have been right, why try to rebuild the foundation when you already have the house.  You are right in the wallet scenario but if the government didn't send the person to jail or attempt to get your wallet back than you wouldn't have that right to property.  So if the government never caught them your right would have never been violated? As I keep saying, the idea that government establishes the right is just not true. The government simply enforces the rights that you already have. The Bill of Rights was created to try and make sure the government didn't destroy your basic rights.  Whether or not a government exists...you still have the right to life. This is because a government does not and can not give rights at least in the US. Our foundation to this country is clearly based on this thought. If you don't believe that, and you believe that government can make rights...then the government could say "all killing is legal" and you have no rights...So when your mother gets killed, will you be ok with it? If not, why not? No right was stepped on. What do you care?...the answer is, you care because you believe in a basic right to live (when you boil it down). Where does that come from? Well, thats another debate, but you could say it is a natural law.  The founding fathers had their basic rights infridged upon by England. This is what led them to say "hey, we got some basic rights that you can't step on". So they wrote it out, sent it to England, had a war, decided they didn't wanna be in a government that "makes" rights, so they created one that was different. Now we are chipped away at that foundational thought, so where will that take us? Ever take the foundation away from a building...what happens?
That's true, but I doubt it'll fly with this forum's liberals. They think the government should give you eveything, including a job.  Wow, I couldn't help by die laughing when I read this....good stuff man. I am glad you see the light :)  One should not look to the government for what they believe and what they should do. I think this is the basic difference between the right and the left.
And yet you are looking to the government to stop abortions.  Yes, to secure the right to life...like it says. I would rather just have people stop abortion though.  OK, if that's true please refute this claim. I was endowed by my creator the right to make all important decisions in the country. It's the government's job to secure this right. Why aren't they doing it. This right was pre-existent of government.   A right is just a concept. You can claim you have a right to life and I can claim I have the right to kill you. If there was no government you would have no rights (or in your terms you would have no security on these rights, they would be violated all the time).   AGAIN I ASK ALL PEOPLE WHO THINK RIGHTS ARE UNALIENABLE:  Why do we have the death penalty? I thought life was an unalienable right.  If you believe in that right then you need to be fighting for it. I don't think it will fly mostly because I don't believe that was given to you. However, THIS government doesn't secure your right because it was once again based on the natural rights endowed by the creator (life, liberty, property(happiness))  You keep on sayin it though...The government could not secure your rights...this is true, but it doesn't mean the right never existed before hand. The government just secures it.  As for the death penalty...why do you think the Pope was against it?
That's true, but I doubt it'll fly with this forum's liberals. They think the government should give you eveything, including a job. I understood this to be the case when I posted. However, as far as I'm concerned, what I said was fact not opinion, and therefore is not up for debate. The Declaration of Independence contains within it the principles we look to when establishing our government. It cannot be improved upon, and I challenge anyone to try.
OK, if that's true please refute this claim. I was endowed by my creator the right to make all important decisions in the country. This right opposes the self-evident Truth that all Men are created equal, therefore this right does not (and never will, thank goodness) exist. Case Closed.
This "self-evident Truth" is a fasical nonsense. People are not created equally, whether it be in the context of genetics, financial situation or social situation (or even plain geography), there is great inequality from birth onwards. Yes, but so long as you are a human being, you are endowed with rights which cannot be taken away from you. Besides that, your beef is not with me, its with the founders. As for me, I argue from the principles which they established. Without these, there is not United States.
Non-sense. Rights are given by the government. This is not what the Declaration of Independence says. If you don't agree with the Declaration of Independence, then you don't agree with the fundamental principles upon which the United States was founded.
See the thing is, my "beef" ain't with your founders for I do not give a **** what they had to say. You and chloe bang on about universal rights, then hide behind the opinions of a bunch of people from just one country. No, I am arguing with people who disagree that the Declaration of Independence says what it says, and that's all. Though the case can be made that the Declaration of Independence is founded on a universal authority.
the Declaration of Independence is irrevelant. it has no legal standing whatsoever. Also, rights are not merely limited to the US, which you and chloe seem to completely ignore while arguing univeral authority at the same time.   If rights are truly universal, then they would exist outside the real of government documention and contracts. Yet neither of you seem willinging to discuss that. You have the right to life if you are a human being. Wherever you live, whatever government governs you, this right exists whether governments reject its existence or not. I argued that the Declaration of Independence merely recognized the existence of this right, not that it established it.
Inalienable means: incapable of being alienated, surrendered, or transferred,  alienated means: 1 : to make unfriendly, hostile, or indifferent where attachment formerly existed 2 : to convey or transfer (as property or a right) usually by a specific act rather than the due course of law 3 : to cause to be withdrawn or diverted  I am glad you quoted inalienable and defined alienated....we are talkingabout UNalienable and alienable.  Yet your right to life can easily be withdrawn, and often by other people or non living entities.  How so? If my right to life is withdrawn then it doesn't matter if I am killed or not because I never had a right to live in the first place. This is not the case.  But one can merely withdraw it. Therefore it is alienated.  But we are not talking about alienated...we are talking about alienable. Alienable is different because it involves transfer. So the word alienated doesn't go here...I don't know where that came from. Unalienable rights, means rights that can't be seperated nor taken away. And the right to life cannot be taken away. Someone can't take your right to life. How does one transfer a right to life from one to another?  Non-sense. Rights are given by the government. If you wish to believe this, then you don't believe in the foundation of this country. Also with this belief, you would say that slavery was ok and that blacks being denied rights was ok and women being denied rights was ok. If the government makes rights then the right to a black person to be free(live) didn't exist. If it didn't exist then it wasn't wrong. How could slavery be wrong if there was no right against it? The ides that government creates rights is the non-sense.
also Clive, since this is about abortion,  If government makes rights, then why did women fight for their "right to do what they want to their bodies"? They don't have this right because government didn't give it to them. So why do they feel as if they are being wronged by not having this "right"?
Rights are merely social constructs. There is nothing natural, alienable or divine about them. They are violated each and every day on this planet and the only thing that can try to impose these social constructs on a larger population is a vigerous government. If that's true, then if a society finds that a particular group of people are not human, then the government is justified in gathering them all up, sending them to centralized locations, and gassing them in mass numbers.
Rights are merely social constructs. There is nothing natural, alienable or divine about them. They are violated each and every day on this planet and the only thing that can try to impose these social constructs on a larger population is a vigerous government.  If something is violated does that mean you don't have it anymore? When a women is raped she lost some rights...does that mean they are gone?? People can rape her from now on because she has lost her rights? NOOOO even without a government she would be ****** if someone raped her. Why would she be ****** if she didn't feel a natural right was violated?
But I was endowed by my creator that right. Why does the fact that all Men are created equal come before my rights given by my creator? And this really doesn't go against that all Men are created equal (which is totally false by the way, many are created with missing limbs and some have diseases, mental or physical) because I was created equal but right now I'm better because my creator gave me that right.  So why does it say all men are created equal??? It is because we are equal..are you saying you are more of a person then someone with one leg? Are you saying you are more or less of a person then someone who is mentally retarded?  If you are so certain that your creator gave you a right to do whatever you want then why arent you fighting for it?
Wait, we're discussing American law and foundation and you bring up the Pope? Am I missing something or was he American?  Why does he have to be American to comment on American policy? We are talking about the right to life....The right to life exists whether or not you are in America....it exists in space, France, and yes, even Italy
She doesn't have rights unless they can be enforced.    Well, they can rape her unless something or someone prevent it. HEnce the enforcement.     Ah, so she does not have rights without gov;t! Finally.   So it is ok to rape someone so long as a government doesn't exist?
But I was endowed by my creator that right. Why does the fact that all Men are created equal come before my rights given by my creator? And this really doesn't go against that all Men are created equal (which is totally false by the way, many are created with missing limbs and some have diseases, mental or physical) because I was created equal but right now I'm better because my creator gave me that right. A person with one arm has the same unalienable rights as a person with two arms. A person with cancer has the same unalienable rights as a person who doesn't have cancer. A person who is black has the same unalienable rights as a person who is white. A person who is a Jew has the same unalienable rights as a person who is a German.
How does this "right" exist?  We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness...There's what I think.
[QUOTE=Duo_Maxwell]I see you again shy from discussing rights outside of gov't. Says much about your argument, that you are unwilling to discuss rights in a natural state, while claiming they exist at the same time. hypocritical.   The declartion is irrevelant because it does nothing. It didn't give anyone rights. It wasn't even practiced! You can say you have all the rights in the world, but until you enforce them, you have nothing.   I ASK AGAIN. Does the ocean abide to your right to life as you slowly drown?  ANSWER IT OR CONCEDE THE ARGUMENT   My ability to drown in water does not mean that I don't have a right to live. I don't understand the argument.
INalienable does not equal unalienable alienate does not equal alienable  Alienable means transferable of ownership to another.  Alienate means more of a withdrawn in this case.  The foundation of this government is based upon self governorness and freedom from dictatorship. Not rights.  if you believe this, you might want to take a few more US history course. We refer to the Declaration of Independence (DOI for short now) because it shows this best. The DOI says we have rights...England was stomping on this rights which are unalienable...therefore, we (US) will make our own country. This started it all. And what do you think freedom is? It is the ability to have your rights not stomped on by the government.  As for the slavery example...you would be claiming that the slaves had no rights back then. So then why was it wrong? For economic reasons??? Slavery was only wrong for economic reasons? It had nothing to do with the treatment of people?
She doesn't have rights unless they can be enforced.   a government cannot secure a person's right to life from a terminal illness. however, that person still has a right to life. the cancer will kill them, but even throughout the process of death, they still have a right to life granted to them by their creator.
If your right existed, and was inalienable, then the ocean would abide to it.  That obviously is not true. just because the ocean doesn't abide to my right to live doesn't mean I don't have that right in the same sense that just because a government doesn't abide to my right to live doesn't mean I don't have that right.
UNalienable... NOT INALIENABLE  The DOI is merely a list of why the crown is being a bossy pain in the butt. you are clearly ignoring that.  And why did they think that? What does the DOI say for reasons? It says that they are being a pain in the butt...because they are stomping on their rights....How did they have rights if a government didn't give it to them...they say they had natural rights "endowed by the Creator".  So does this piece of paper I have right now. If it someone wrote it down, is it therefore true?  It doesn't make it true...but in the case of the DOI it shows what our country is based on...the belief of rights given to us by the creator that the government can't stomp on.  Freedom is the ability to do what one pleases.  So we had a right then huh?...the DOI clearly states why we split away, you can't argue that...I will even post the DOI if I have to.
 ANSWER IT OR CONCEDE THE ARGUMENT    i love it! is this person for real?
wups, i hit edit rather than post.  a government cannot secure a person's right to life from a terminal illness. however, that person still has a right to life. the cancer will kill them, but even throughout the process of death, they still have a right to life granted to them by their creator.
Don't know about your country, but here in mine those women were given that right. I'm slightly puzzled as to quite qhat it is you are trying to say here.  Sorry Clive, I forgot you are UK :p....it doesn't matter though...Our country is founded on the idea that government doesn't give rights....this is partly why we broke off from you guys :).  Are we? I thought we were discussing inalienable rights. The USA doesn't come into it. Please try to keep up. Also, Clive, it is UNalienable rights...there is a difference. We are discussing two things almost...What the US was based on and if unalienable rights exist. The US (I believe) was based on the idea on unalienable rights. Now outside of the US...do unalienable rights still exist? Well yes. And we are argueing that too.  The DOI was a couple of rebellious people who thought they would be hanged for treason. They weren't founding a country yet. The concepts of the United States are written in the Constitution, the DOI is a document of what they disliked about England  This was almost too funny....Declaration of INDEPENDENCE...what do you mean they weren't going to create a country? The DOI was the reasons for created our own country and the constitution is partly based on the ideas of the DOI.
 chloe: I suggest you leave. You have already lost badly. steeve and cone are soon to join you.   ah ha, by your silence i see you agree with me. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xbye
we are talking about UNalienable rights...the DOI says unalienable..they mean different things. I can't believe I am even talking about this...Although they are close  Unalienable: Not to be seperated, given away , or taken away, or inaliebable  Inalienable: cannot be transfered.  The point is...Unalienable is a bit more...this doesnt matter...use the DOI word...UNALIENABLE.  Independece is a means for them to enforce their rights. If their rights were inalienable, how was it that they were being taken away by the crown?   They were "stomped" on..not taken away. The people that fought for independence thought that rights were unalienable...how could you deny this? They wouldn't say unalienable if they meant they wanted their own government to create their owns rights....Why didn't they want this? Because it would mean that the government they created could do the same thing...Thus they believe rights were actually unalienable.  Does the ocean abide to your right to life as you drown? Does the avalanche abide to your right to liberty as you are trapped? Does the pack of hyenas abide to your right to property as they rob you of food?  Didn't we already address this?...your examples make no sense
It doesn't matter goverment or not. If you had that right, and if it was inalienable then nothing but God could remove it. Main Entry: in·alien·able Pronunciation: (")i-'nAl-y&-n&-b&l, -'nA-lE-&-n&- Function: adjective Etymology: probably from French inaliénable, from in- + aliénable alienable : incapable of being alienated, surrendered, or transferred <inalienable rights< - in·alien·abil·i·ty /-"nAl-y&-n&-'bi-l&-tE, -"nA-lE-&-n&-/ noun - in·alien·ably /-'nAl-y&-n&-blE, -'nA-lE-&-n&-/ adverb  In drowning, I neither surrendered, transferred, nor had alienated my right to life; it was stolen from me.
If rights are truly given by God, then why is it EVERYONE OF YOU CLEARLY WANTS TO AVOID TALKING ABOUT RIGHTS OUTSIDE OF GOVERNMENT? I have clearly been doing this.
Straight from my molecular and cellular biology book: The dynamics of a cell can best be understood by examining the course of its life.   A new cell arises when one cell divides or when two cells, like a sperm and an egg cell, fuse.
No you have not. Oh Really? Try This
If the ocean kills you it has killed you...not taken your right to life. note: I said taken your "RIGHT TO LIFE". You have unalienable rights...means the rights cannot be taken, given away, transferred. The RIGHT cannot be taken given away, nor transferred...Being killed in the ocean simply means the ocean killed you...The ocean didn't gain a "Right to life"...Does that make sense now?
 If rights are truly given by God, then why is it EVERYONE OF YOU CLEARLY WANTS TO AVOID TALKING ABOUT RIGHTS OUTSIDE OF GOVERNMENT? i have given you a clear example. One who has a terminal illness. Gov can't secure the right to life of a person who is dying from terminal cancer. yet they still have a right to life. and this right is even still recognized by the gov.
the founders recognized rights existed, and that they did not create them nor endow them. in fact, no human created or endowed them. therefore, no human can destroy or take them away. even if they violate, deny, disregard these rights, the rights will still be recognized by the one who created and endowed them.
Chloe: Unfortunately, your premise is a document that has no legal relevance in the United States. It's a zinger to the world that we don't like the idea of monarchies, but more relevantly, that the King of England didn't have the right to rule subjects without their consent, etc.  This document recognizes rights which are secured under the constitution.  If you have an argument that has the premise rooted in the constitution, without any reference to gods, or the declaration, I'd like you to post it, having some more logic-driven debates on a hot-topic are always a good thing, in this case it's logic-driven, just with a flawed premise.  the premises rooted in the constitution are rooted in the principles found in the declaration.   In the end your entire argument fails because it's essentially an appeal to authority, that is, the authority of our forefathers as thinkers (which some indeed were). An argument needs to stand on the basis of sound logic and reason alone, not be rooted in the thoughts and ideas of some other person.  Our constitution was rooted in the thoughts and ideas of its writers as well.  I am not alone in my thoughts. Abraham Lincoln said, in Independence Hall, February 22nd, 1861: "I never had a feeling politically that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of Independence."
An inalienable right can only be removed by God. Therefore everything BUT God must respect and abide to it. How can a right that is clearly not abided to be inalienable?  did you not read this? the founders recognized rights existed, and that they did not create them nor endow them. in fact, no human created or endowed them. therefore, no human can destroy or take them away. even if they violate, deny, disregard these rights, the rights will still be recognized by the one who created and endowed them.
CSPAN2 has a show on RIGHT NOW about Rights...tune in if you can.
Wow, for the last time...the rights are claimed to be UNALIENABLE...if you can't even get that right why go on?  No, that example dealt with how goverment should deal with it.   Does the ocean abide to your right to life as you drown? Does the avalanche abide to your right to liberty as you are trapped? Does the pack of hyenas abide to your right to property as they rob you of food?  Your example is flawed for the reasons we have said like 5 times...How can the ocean take "a right to life" The ocean doesn't gain a "right to life" when you are killed. The Ocean doesn't have to abide by your right to life...but it surely can't take your RIGHT TO LIFE away. You are looking at it is "life"...the ocean can take your life I guess..as in kill you..however it cannot take your "RIGHT TO LIFE"...a big difference.  Can a right exist if no one is there to enforce it?  This is like that whole "does a tree make a sound if no one is there to hear it" arguement....The answer is, yes it does make a sound.  Even still your argument is inane. It assumes one huge key pillar: that god exists  No it is based on an absolute.
An inalienable right can only be removed by God. Therefore everything BUT God must respect and abide to it. How can a right that is clearly not abided to be inalienable? you were the one who said this. Our founding fathers were the ones who assumed this. And this is the foundation of all of our law. Though nature may violate one's rights, the one (nature's God) who bestowed that right still recognizes that right.  Obviously you are not reading what I am saying. IF a right is inalienable, no one but God can revoke it. Therefore, everything BUT God must abide to such a right. How can a right be inalienable if others do not abide to it?   The founders recognized rights existed, and that they did not create them nor endow them. in fact, no human created or endowed them. therefore, no human can destroy or take them away. even if they violate, deny, disregard these rights, the rights will still be recognized by the one who created and endowed them.   It assumes one huge key pillar: that god exists. That is obviously not going to be proven any time soon. To base your argument off of something that has not been proven is the fallacy of begging the question. Therefore, before we consider it any further, you must explain why we should accept such a fallacious point.   Actually, you assume one key pillar: that god does not exist, a position of faith. That is obviously going not going to be proven soon. You my friend are begging the question.
OK than abortion doesn't violate your right to life, it simply kills you, just as the death penalty and murder does. Being killed via abortion isn't a violation of life, you were just killed. Make sense to you now?  I said the ocean can't TAKE your right to life..i didn't say it didn't violate it(although an ocean is not living so it can't even really violate it). With abortion you violate the right to life...this is wrong. Your right to life however is not TAKEN as in transfered or given without will...but simply violated. That does make sense to me.
But an ant or fly is also a life. The thing is, an embryo isn't a human yet, so even if humans did have the unalienable right to life, it still wouldn't apply to an embryo.  but an ant or fly is not human life. our constitution assumes an unalienable right to life for all men (human beings). an embryo is human life.
our constitution assumes an inalienable right to life for all men  UNALIENABLE!!! RAWR. There is a difference :p Use the correct term..Unalienable...please emoticon_xangel
Unalienable and inalienable are the same word. The dictionary, which i quoted gives the defintion of both as each other. They are by all means interchangable. Simply because you wish to refuse the dictionary does not make your argument correct.   They are synomyns thats is for sure. Are they the same word? No...I gave you the two defintions of it. If they are the same then why have two words for it. No two words mean the exact same thing...eventhough they might have insanly similiar defintions. The founders used Unalienable.  What is a right if it is not enforced? How do you measure a right that cannot be used? Does a right exist if nothing abides to it?   a right not enforced is an...unenforced right. Why do you wish to measure a right? A right exits even if no one abides to it. For example the slaves had rights...but no one abided to it. Thus the whole reason why they were ****** off.  Your life and your right to life are the same. There is no difference  No, your life is not the same as your right to life. This is shown by your example. Something can take your life but no one can take your right to life.  Then I question what you think a right is.  A right is something due to... (in a brief sense of the word)  What absolute?  An absolute principal. Some people say it is reason..however, reason only goes but so far...some say God, some say different things...more on this later  Justice Scalia hinted at an interesting point the other day that I read. He hinted to the idea that we use rights in weird ways. We use it to describe the rights given by the government and the rights given by the Creator. He, in so many words, seemed to be showing that we use rights to show something way to general....that is....government rights could be taken away because they were in fact given by the government, however, "natural rights" cannot be taken away by anyway however the constitution may not guarntee all of these....you should listen to the whole click to see what you think. Just wanted to know some thought on this.
*sigh* I refuse to be drawn into a semantic argument. They are the same word. Each means the other. If you have a problem with this, consult webster, not me.    I did, and it doesn't matter to you.  This debate is getting no where to the point...The point is either way we look at it there can't be a "right for a women to do what she wants with her body"  If we take your view on rights then this right was created in 1973 outta no where and thus could be reversed again...and once reversed no one could claim a rights violation.  If we take my view, then the right never existed and even if it did the right to life would trump it.   I don't care what Scalia says.  This shows a lack of hearing other points of view...which begs the question why are we even talking to you.
You're still left with the simple fact that the Declaration of Independance, the premise of your hierarchy of rhetoric, is not legally relevant to the government of the U.S.   The constitution was written after the declaration. Had they wanted to include wording from the declaration, they could have, yet they didn't, did they?  I wonder why, since the Declaration of Independence has no relevance in American law, it was the document Abraham Lincoln and all the abolitionists pointed to as the reason slavery should be abolished. Seeing how the Constitution actually protected slavery, there was no way to declare slavery unconstitutional.  I wonder why the Declaration was referred to as the "organic law of our Union, standing above the Constitution itself" by those fighting against slavery. Were they wrong?  I would like someone to find for me in the Constitution, without using the 3 slavery amendments (13, 14, and 15), that slavery is wrong.
There is nowhere that justifies the abolition of slavery, they didn't have the right to freedom, it was created for them through the 13th, 14th, and 15th ammendment. The decision to fight for slave rights was based on a moral decision that it was wrong, not on any law. It would be much like any argument for animal rights laws. No laws on it but you can create laws on it. Thank you for making my point for me. The argument that I have been making all along is that the Declaration of Independence provides the principles for our government. The moral decision to abolish slavery was not simply made up, but represented a principled decision. Where did the principles come from? The Declaration.
Exactly. I don't see why not. Rights only exist if they are enforced.   Then why were they complaing of "civil rights" violations in the 60s and what not? Why was there a claim in Roe vs Wade of rights being violated...Why do gays claim their right to marry is being violated?    Considering that your side keeps refering to US law that doesn't exist and is basically making up US history, the same question goes to you. It's like arguing with one who doesn't understand legal systems or history while trying to justify their arguments on that. It's ludacrious. There isn't a single thing any of you have said that would indicate you understand law or much of US history. Cone's outright ridiculous, and wrong argument about law and slavery is a perfect example.  I don't think you have shown anywhere where I "made up" history. Not only that, you don't even argue the point that you don't listen. So why should anyone trust you when you don't even take the time to listen to someone elses point of you...NOT EVEN A SUPREME COURT JUSTICE!...You think maybe he knows more about law than you? Cone gets many of his arguements from writtings of the founding fathers and some judges....atleast I believe he does (considering they are similiar).
Where was that? Cone is a perfect example of making Us history up. not to metion all three of you seem to think that the DOI has any real impact on the legal system whatsoever. That by itself is revisionist US history. the DOI doesn't do anything today except look there and try to be pretty. As I have said about 10 times now, the Declaration of Independence represents the fundamental principles upon which the Constitution is based. This is not revisionist history, but solid fact. You have yet to even address this claim. If you don't agree with my statement, why don't you try to disprove it with factual evidence instead of simply accusing me of making up history (which is a nice way of calling me a liar).
Cone makes things up. zachvac proved that with his slavery idea.  This will now be the second time I have said this: contrary to what you are claiming, Zachvac proved my point. Do you listen?
You realize what the DOI is right? It's a long list of why the crown is a pain to deal with. How is the consitution based upon a list of greviouness? I mentioned that at least 4 times before and none of you have dealt with it.  Not to mention I have already given examples of where it was not applied after the signing, namely slave owning signers.  It was the Declaration of Independence that produced the notion that slavery was wrong.  On the contrary, I have already dealt with it. Your party needs to deal with the rebuttal.  I am unaware of any rebuttal not attended to.    It's not my fault your side uses repetition to deal with refuted arguments. I already dealt with the silly notion of the DOI. In fact I haven't seen any of you prove that the DOI has any real impact upon the legal system of the US. Try the 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments. If that's not impact upon the legal system, I don't know what is. Just so I am perfectly clear in what I mean, the 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments came to be because there was a perceived violation of the Declaration of Independence.
In fact I haven't seen any of you prove that the DOI has any real impact upon the legal system of the US.  I am not sure if you know anything about mangement or not but I just wanna point out something...  Every good company has what is called a mission statement...from this we get things like Standard Operations procedures that reflect the ideals of the mission of the company. This results in a company that always follows in the right direction and has been proven to be the most successful companies. So how does this apply to the DOI? Well the DOI is like the mission statement. It was what founded the US (July 4th!). The constutition could be considered a kind of standard operating procedures (the laws too). One has to base laws and the constitution on something in order to get it. What do you look at? What direction? Well, the founders had the mission statement..the DOI. They created the constitution to reflect the ideals of that. To this day we are supposed to look at the DOI to know how this country was founded and why. We need to know our ideals and what we stand for in order to have a basis for making laws to follow our mission (that being freedom). The DOI is not a legal document per say but is a very important document in shaping the laws and ideas of the US.  You are right though, it does give a list of things we didn't like. But this is what we base things on....we didn't like them, so we aren't gonna do things that way. This is why it acts more like a mission statement. Maybe it makes more sense now.
But it did talk about how people all have the right to life. The founders also knew that slavery should be gotten rid of because it really wasn't consistent with the values they had..however, they expected this would happen later on.  If you don't think that the DOI made us a country then you might wanna think again. What day is July 4th again? Just because they knew they would be hung for treason doesn't mean they didn't think a country would be formed. They just knew if their new country failed then they would be hung... I am not claiming that the DOI is a legal document, but like I said, a mission statement...it is what the country is supposed to look to in order to know what we are about. When people start denying this then what is our country based on...what direction are we going in? I think we already see what happens when we forget what the DOI is and what it did. Today we see judges misusing power, congress being a bunch of babies, and more government controls then the founders could ever imagine. It is about time we look to our mission statment to get back on track.  It's funny how they would represent something almost all of them opposed in a document protesting wrongs done by the King of England. Where in the DOI does it mention slavery? The decision to abolish slavery was made up. If it were in the DOI (which it's not) then that's when they would have made it up. All human morals are made up   If all morals are made up then what is the basis for making them up? One has to have a set up principals or a basis of some kind in order to decide somethign is immoral otherwise what are you comparing? How do you decide it is wrong...Cone is right, Ab got the idea that slavery is wrong because of the DOI and the principals for what it stood. The DOI deosn't say slavery, it says the unalienable rights thing...this was the basis, from that Ab Lincoln decided that slavery violated that...im sure he had some religious help too :).
and can you give me any proof of that? Because until you do all it is is pure speculation.   http://www.faqfarm.com/Q/What_were_Thomas_Jefferson's_views_on_slavery  It's the day we declared independence from England.   Also known as the day we becamse the USA.  They never formed a new country until they wrote the articles of confederation. What do you mean "their" new country? They expected to be killed for treason and for England to continue to own them. They thought if they did that maybe more people would be aware about the situation and there may be future rebellion or bargaining that would get them the rights they thought they deserved.   Yes, we celebrate our founding the day the articles were written...this is just wrong. What do you think we were doing during the war? Just a bunch of random people fighting??? Who do you think France was helping? I guess ol' GW was just commanding random people and no country...the continetal congress was nothing too...give me a break.  This is actually a statement on what this country is NOT supposed to look like. It was grievences to the king. How is that anything like a mission statement?   I am not going to post it again...go up and read.  The direction we are going in is the direction that voters decide, as in all democracies.   First off, we are a republic. Second, it is damgerous to go in a direction in the dark...the DOI is the light so to speak.  And I'm sure you can show me right in the DOI where it says that judges shouldn't misuse power, congress shouldn't be babies and the government should have less control. Even though a lot of what you say is true, it has nothing to do with the DOI.   considering we just the DOI to dervive the constitution I think that this point is proven....It is important to state though that the DOI was writte by a lot of people involved in making the constitution...so the same mindset was in place. It is also important to note that the DOI just established principles...basic ones.  The articles of Confederation was the first mission statement. Let's make there no central government. State money, state roads, state laws, this will be fun.   If it is then we have no mission statement cause that thing is gone...I mean where do you think the basic principles came from for the constitution and articles? Keep in mind the same people wrote them...they came from the DOI which was the first reflection of the founders beliefs for this country. They could be the "inventors" of our country.  This is a good question which many people argue over. We have an instinct that makes us want to be alive, right? That's why you don't want to jump off a cliff or anything. Well every person makes the agreement, "I don't want to be killed, you don't want to be killed so let's agree not to kill each other and we will both be happy". It's the same with property (you can't steal) and many other morals.   I don't think an instinct is gonna cut it as being a basis for beliefs. One believes in ghosts...is this in instinct? I dunno...I don't think you can say morals are a set of arguements based on instincts, it just doesn't fit...I can go into more detail if you want.  So since we have an unalienable right to liberty, why are there so many laws? Why can't I use my right to liberty to go kill people? The answer is that it violates others' rights. Same with abortion, even if you assume an embryo is a human and a life (which I still disagree with you on) the right to life violates the mother's right to her body. Also if our right to liberty is truly unalienable why can't I smoke marijuana? It doesn't violate anyone else's rights. I think you've got to work on your "unalienable rights" argument.   I said the DOI was a mission statement of sorts...I didn't say anything about it being law....it is just were we should look to in making our laws. The DOI is very broad..while the constitution is (despite what people say). You can't do those things because of the laws we have. Unalienable rights means the rights can't be transfered to someone, doesn't mean they can't be restricted...big difference...You can be put in jail but your right to liberty is not given to the person that put you there. Haven't we been through this?  Also, lets assume that there are two rights that exist...right to life and right to ones own body....one has to trump the other...why doesn't life trump? After all, right to ones own body is a want...i think all of us would rather have one arm (as in something done to our body against will) as opposed to death...if that makes sense.
oh really? Where? I have a copy in front of me and would like you to quote where it stated or implied that slavery was wrong...If you can show me where in the DOI it says anything about slaves (or even implies it) then I may take you seriously, but for now, well...  We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness... If all men are created equal, no human being has the right to hold another human being as a slave.  Most of the authors were slave-owners, why would they think slavery was wrong?  Also, you are correct that some of the founders had slaves, but they all thought it was wrong including the author of the Declaration himself, who said: And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift of God? That they are not to be violated but with his wrath? Indeed I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just: that his justice cannot sleep forever: that considering numbers, nature and natural means only, a revolution of the wheel of fortune, and exchange of situation, is among possible events: that it may become probable by supernatural interferene! The Almighty has no attribute which can take side with us in such a contest. Jefferson is here refering to slavery, of which he believes a divine judgment will be poured out upon the nation for its participation in slavery. Why would he think such a thing?  As well since there wasn't slavery in England  You are incorrect when you say England did not have slavery at the time the Declaration was signed. The Declaration was signed in 1776, and William Wilberforce on May 11, 1789, nearly 14 years after the Declaration, introduced a bill in Parliament that sought to abolish the slave trade. Why would he propose such a bill if slavery didn't even exist?   Which perceived violation of the DOI was that? see above
Pointing to a document written by humans, and claiming it has some "authority", or it's authors have some "authority" on the matters discussed in the document, is fallacy. It's simply not a reason, it's just an action.  IF  the words and phrases there, represent your own ideas on the matter, feel free to quote it, use it, refer to it, frame it, or make sweet love to it.  BUT  Don't assume reasonable people will somehow accept it as basis, or backing, for an argument, when it's nothing more than an appeal to authority, or an irrelevant historical document.The Declaration appeals to the Supreme Judge of all the world, that Creator who endows men with unalienable rights which governments are supposed to secure. Thus I did not point to human agents for authority, and therefore committed no fallacy.I argue from the Declaration of Independence because I value the principles that our entire system is founded upon. I will say this again, that our government was formed to secure the rights acknowledged in the Declaration of Independence. This is not up for dispute. This is historical fact, and is reflected in the Constitution itself as can be seen when comparing Article V with the following quote: ...that whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these Ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it...Arguments should be based on principles (as the founders' were), not public opinion.You said [slavery's] wrong because we as individuals, LIKE our indivuality and freedom, and as a society, agree to grant that freedom to EVERYONE. This is nothing more than an appeal to authority (society), and by your own standard, I should not accept this as a backing for your argument.   What a contradiction it is to say that I can't appeal to authority, but you can. No Cone, you missed it. Zach (correct me if I'm wrong), is claiming that the decision to abolish slavery was made because people reasoned, thank the smart ones and the slaves for pointing it out, that treating some people like property is not a good thing. I'm sure they had a list of reasons why being kept captive, as property, as a living, breathing, adult, is inhumane, not acceptable, against freedom/liberty/happiness, unethical, un-christian, you name it. Their reasons were likely many, and varied. But ultimately it comes down to justifying that indeed, humans as slaves is not something our government should allow. Why Not?  Some rhetoric may have been used in the public speeches to the press, quoting a famous document (FYI, that's marketing 101), but this is not why slavery is wrong. Slavery is not "wrong" because it "seems" to be contrary to the wishes of our freaking founders. It's wrong because we as individuals, LIKE our indivuality and freedom, and as a society, agree to grant that freedom to EVERYONE.   NOT BECAUSE OF A DOCUMENT. So as long as society thinks slavery is ok, it's ok? No, my point is that slavery was wrong before society agreed that it was wrong. I can say that with 100% certainty. Slavery was, is, and always will be wrong whether or not society or government say so.
OK to who? Society? Yes, of course. Logically if society thinks slavery is OK, then slavery is OK to the society. This is not what I said. I said: No, my point is that slavery was wrong before society agreed that it was wrong. I can say that with 100% certainty. Slavery was, is, and always will be wrong whether or not society or government say so. If a Constitutional Amendment makes slavery legal again, it is still wrong.  Nonsense. Slavery was OK..i.e. legal, for quite some time. It was also legal in many civilizations in history. You again, can argue the contrary, but it's pointless. It's a fact that slavery was legal in the U.S., and in many other civilizations before it. Just because something is legal, does not make it morally right. If the U.S. had an Amendment which legalized murder, murder would be legal, but still morally wrong.  Slavery is a human concept, and "wrong" is a human concept, that's of course completely relative. Suggesting that slavery existed before humans existed as a species, or that something was "morally wrong to humans" before humans existed, is just silly. It's also a fact that no human terms or concepts existed before humans existed, to suggest otherwise is again, simply not logical.[*]So wrong is completely relative? Then how can you tell me that I am wrong about the Declaration of Independence being the motivating factor of abolition?[*]Did natural laws exist and govern the world before humans existed to discover them? Certainly.[*]If wrong is just relative, why should I take anything you say is wrong seriously? [*]Also, the claim that morals are relative cannot be true unless it applies absolutely. I think you know where that leaves us.
Wrong is subjective. Some think eating meat is wrong, some thing stepping on bugs is wrong, and some think abortion is wrong. While I don't agree with them, you can't say slavery is wrong because you have no basis for it. Your opinion as well as mine is that it is wrong, but wrong is a subjective word that you misuse here.   If this is the case..You are wrong.
Wrong is subjective. Some think eating meat is wrong, some thing stepping on bugs is wrong, and some think abortion is wrong. While I don't agree with them, you can't say slavery is wrong because you have no basis for it. Your opinion as well as mine is that it is wrong, but wrong is a subjective word that you misuse here. First, you essentially say that I am wrong to say that slavery is universally wrong. But since wrong is subjective, your statement means nothing to me.  Second, you accuse me of misusing the word wrong, and your tone indicates that such misuse is a bad thing. Let's assume I did misuse the word wrong (which I didn't). What's so bad about misusing a word?   Correct (well since different people have different morals it may be morally right to some, but...) but if murder was made legal you would not have a RIGHT to life. This is incorrect. I have a right to life no matter what anyone says because morality is not subjective, it is objective. My right to life does not exist because the government exists, government exists to secure my already existent right.   Very simply: "You are wrong about the Declaration of Independence being the motivating factor of abolition". It's up to you to prove, not anyone else to disprove. You made the claim, you support it. There you go again insisting that I am wrong. But wrong is subjective so I don't know what you mean. Are you trying to impose your subjective morality onto me?  No they didn't. Slaves were fighting to gain their right to freedom, they didn't have that right. Gays are fighting for their right to marry, they don't have that right, people are arguing for the right for a fetus to live, they don't have that right until a law similar to the laws banning slavery are made. You have it backwards. People thought slavery was wrong, thus a law was made. The law wasn't made, and then people came into the belief it was wrong. This implies that it was wrong before the law was made.  No I don't know where that leaves us. Please elaborate. Morals are relative. Some think it is morally ok to kill. The law sees it differently (except for the death penalty). Some think it is morally wrong to eat meat, yet some don't. Morals are relative, please explain to me "where that leaves us". This whole post explains what I mean.
The majority has been wrong litterally millions of time throughout history.    What is this "wrong" you speak of duo? are you acknowledging the existance of some sort of universal absolute moral ethic? Very interesting.   First of all, the unborn are not productive citizens.  Aparently productivity and citizenship is a prerequisite for the right to life. emoticon_rolleyes   Second, the unborn are not granted rights.  If they are human beings they have rights. We have been through this  before duo.  Third, the unborn, especially those aborted, would be a financial strain upon this country, and this world. Wow. All I have to say is . . . Wow. So lets pull the plug on all the baby  boomers when they become the strain on the health care system. Also,  according to this logic, everyone on welfare goes, everyone in the lower  class goes. It makes sense though, this is the type of conclusion that  comes when one does not place inherrent value upon human life. It is a  logical conclusion to the naturalistic worldview, or any other worldview that  does not place highest value upon all human life. This is bigotry at its  finest. Disposing humans based upon their economic status. Cool.   Fourth, the aborted, if forced to be born, would likely be born into a parentage that did not want them. emoticon_rolleyes  Fifth, we already have a large amount of children in foster homes and many waiting to be adopted.  emoticon_rolleyes  Sixth, our facilities for caring for thise children as a nation is not up to par with other countries.  emoticon_rolleyes  Seventh, for pure labor reasons, it is cheaper to have immigrants immigrant and save us the billions in education, housing, and other such until age 18.  Why do you degrade these persons by saying they are not worthy of the  same money value you are placing upon the unborn.
Killing un-born children is morally wrong. " Thou shalt not murder.". What is so complicated about that? Why can't people just understand the truth? Could it be that these people walk through life in complete darkness, and will never recognize the truth? It is my opinion that folks who think that killing un-born children is a healthy activity are completely blinded to the truth that God has provided to the entire world and are headed straight to Hell. Enjoy your trip.
There are 2 meanings of the word wrong. One is not subjective. If I said 1+1=3 I would be wrong. If I said the Earth was flat I would be wrong. If you say slavery is universally wrong you are wrong. A subjective wrong has to do with morals. If you say slavery is morally wrong others can have different opinions and different morals that dictate what is wrong or right. There you go again. Because wrong is subjective, wrong means nothing to me. You can try and draw distinctions between meanings of the word wrong, but because everything you say about wrongness is subjective, I cannot accept any such distinctions.  Misusing a word isn't that bad, as long as you realize what you really mean and explain it. If I say all humans have claws, but I misused claw I meant hair, we would have a problem with communication. If you try to say something is universally morally wrong this is not true. There you go again. You say I'm wrong to claim that something is universally wrong. But because being wrong is subjective, I can't understand what you are saying.  yawn. So as Duo asked you before, how do you have a right if it isn't protected. You can argue semantics all you want, but your right isn't enforced without government. You can be killed and nothing will happen without government. Without government we can have abortions and with government we continue to allow abortions. So I would like to ask you a question. Where does your right to life come from? Where's your proof? I can claim I have a right to pee on your lawn, but it wouldn't hold up in court. and please don't say the founding fathers because where's their proof that it's a right? If they are there before government, please explain to me how rights came to be. My right to life is endowed to me by the Creator.  I've already explained this above. You are using bad logic, but nothing is morally wrong with what you're doing. You say I've used bad logic (which I haven't). What's so bad about that?  I didn't say anything about a law, I said right. And gays are fighting for a law, people are fighting for a law to protect fetuses. It's the same thing. But in a democracy all that matters is more than 1/2 think it is wrong and they can ban it (or 25% because of the stupid electoral college, but we won't get into that). People thought it was wrong so they made a law. Just as many people think restricting gays from getting married is wrong and just as people think abortions are wrong. Just because there is diversity of opinion on an issue, it in no way follows that the issue has no right answer.  I was refering to this:   Where does it leave us? If morals are absolutely relative, where does it leave us? You have not explained this in the whole post. If the nature of the word wrong is subjective, why bother arguing on a forum? Why bother trying to convince somebody they are wrong (as you have tried to do to me)? I can't relate to your personal moral standard, therefore when you say I'm wrong about anything, I cannot understand what you are saying. Who's to say being wrong is bad? Who's to say being bad is bad?
There are 2 meanings of the word wrong. One is not subjective. If you say slavery is universally wrong you are wrong. A subjective wrong has to do with morals. If you say slavery is morally wrong others can have different opinions and different morals that dictate what is wrong or right. You make me dizzy. wrong is right and right is wrong. but sometimes right is wrong and wrong is right. remember, sometimes when right is wrong right is right and wrong is wrong.   Here is a story for you. one time, back when wrong was right, right got really mad at wrong and became wrong. then, in a valueless act of mecrcy-deviod judgment wrong took its vengence and poured out wrath upon right (which was niether a right nor a wrong thing to do). However, right tried to escape by taking a quick right at the fork in the road. When wrong got to the fork he knew that right took a right. Wrong took a left though because he knew that right is left and left is right and they all go to the same place. 10 decades later (meaning one second before), wrong turned and headed north (which was really in). Finally, he outright caught right making a left, and arested him. But right got off scott free cause he didnt do anything wrong, because after wrong is right. right?  Misusing a word isn't that bad what do you mean by "that bad"? By "bad" do you mean good or bad? you have seem dizzy and confused zac. look for the absolute. it will help you get your boundries.  You can argue semantics all you want, but your right isn't enforced without government.  Is this an admission that a right is seperate from the enforcement of the right? Are you implying that a right is pre-existant of its enforcement, that a right must exist in order to be enforced?  Where does your right to life come from?  Nature's Creator Where's your proof?  Human Life exists on the earth.  If they are there before government, please explain to me how rights came to be. The same way the laws of gravity came to be. and the laws of thermodynamics and motion. If morals are absolutely relative, where does it leave us?  This leaves us with just one moral absolute - that is there is no absolute ethic standard. That means any type of punishment for breaking any law is ethically unjustified. That means genocide is not right or wrong. That means you can't tell me that what hitler did was wrong. - This seems to me to be a big problem and threat to the survival of the human race.
There aren't absolutes. There is no such thing as an absolute truth when dealing with morals and opinions. Are you absolutely sure of this? If you are, then there is at least one absolute: that there are no absolutes.  Also, don't forget my post above chloe's.
No, this is faulty logic, right and wrong is only subjective when we're talking morally. You just are using bad logic. No, I am making a moral claim. Therefore, we are talking morally, and according to you, subjectively.  And how do you know he gave it to you instead of telling you he did and then not doing it? How is it possible to know what rights you have and don't have without just taking your word for it (and without using the bible which is taking someone else's word for it)? Why should I waste my time offering proof? I can't possibly be wrong because wrong is subjective.  I go on the forum to get other opinions and to offer mine. In your case, you are just using faulty logic and telling me that you have a right because you do and that you can't be wrong because wrong is subjective. You can be wrong about having a right (you would be wrong if you said you had pink hair, hopefully) but an action cannot be morally wrong or right universally. There you go yet again. You are making a moral claim that has to be absolute to actually be true. Let me try to draw this out a little bit more.  You are making the moral claim that there exists no universal right and wrong. But, for your statement to be true, at least one moral claim has to be absolute; the claim "there are no moral absolutes."  I'm trying to point out that moral subjectivity, when taken seriously, leaves us unable to communicate whatsoever. If you say I'm wrong about something, so what? I can't understand what you mean by wrong because there is no universally accepted definition of what wrong is. Not only that, since there is no universally accepted definition of what wrong is, how can I know that being wrong isn't actually right?  All of this confusion is eliminated if wrong is not subjective.
Explain how your claim has anything to do with morals? I claim that there is an absolute moral standard by which we can judge actions as either right or wrong. This is a claim about morality, actually more, this is a claim that states morality actually exists, and as such it is a moral claim.  I didn't say what you were doing was morally wrong, I said it was just plain bad logic. Let me draw it out for you. You can't argue that my statement "I am a person" is wrong because it's true. You can argue if I say "I am a good person." because that is my opinion. Morals are just opinions. I can say that abortion is right and you say it's wrong. Neither of us is wrong, they are just opinions. So what if a claim is true? Is being true a good or bad thing? Is being logical a good or a bad thing? Why argue logically to try and obtain truth when we can't know whether being true is a good thing or a bad thing? Thus, any claim can be turned into a moral claim.  I never claimed that your argument is immoral. I said that your logic was flawed. That has nothing to do with morals. Why is there a need to point out that my logic is flawed?  No. The claim "There are no moral absolutes" is not a moral claim. It is a fact. Morality is subjective. A claim about morality is a moral claim, especially a claim about the existence or non-existence of morality.  No, the law is just one opinion of what is right or wrong. We decide to follow the moral code of the law, which is the accepted definition when talking about whether I can kill you or not. That is not absolute though. Many people think laws are wrong such as abortion being legal. Right now under the law it is moral to have an abortion. Does that mean abortions are morally right? No of course not, you have your separate opinion about what is right and wrong morally. If morality is subjective, answer me this: if we can't know whether something is right or wrong; good or bad, what basis do we have for making a law forbidding or allowing something? What basis do we have for actually following these laws? If we can't know right from wrong (or these things don't exist) how can we justly punish those who break laws? Why punish people for doing something that isn't wrong?
Truth is not relative to any given situation. Truth is absolute regarding man's reaction to everything that arises in his life. God gave us his word in the form of The Bible in order to give us a proper perspective on how to behave while we are on this earth and to also give us the opportunity to have eternal life with him in Heaven after our earthly journey is over. Man lives for just a short while on this planet compared to eternity. The decisions that you make here concerning Christ will have a far reaching impact on where you spend eternity. Folks, give the Lord a chance in your lives, he means no harm to you and only brings good tidings for those who accept him. What have you got to lose by seeking the truth?
 there's a difference between claims ABOUT morality and moral claims. One is commenting in general about morality, the other is saying that something is morally right, wrong, good, bad, etc. A claim that seeks to establish the existence or non-existence of morality is by definition a moral claim.   Sure, you can make the claim that making a true claim is morally bad. That's a subjective statement, or opinion. Your claim that my making the claim that making a true claim is morally bad is a subjective statement. Therefore, your statement really means nothing. It's your subjective opinion.  OK, if flawed logic is ok then I'll use some of my own.  Proof: Given: The Earth is round, dogs are mamals. 1. Since the Earth is round, it must be that all animals like cheese 2. dogs like cheese 3. dogs are mamals (given) and I'm a mamal so I like cheese 4. Since my being here is supported by the Earth being round I'm right 5. Since you disagree with me you are wrong.  Any problem with that? All it is is flawed logic. My problem is that I can't tell whether having bad logic is a good thing or a bad thing. I have to know the answer to this question before I can evaluate the statement "your logic is flawed".  These actions are wrong in the eyes of the law. I've already explained how we don't like to be killed, so we make an agreement that if we don't kill other people then they won't kill us and the same with stealing and stuff. That is the basis which I know I have explained in more detail before, you just don't pay attention to that stuff. What happens if we decide that we like genocide?
What happens if we decide that we like genocide? Since abortion on a massive scale is genocide, I suggest that we have already arrived at accepting mass murder. Where do we go from here?
Since abortion on a massive scale is genocide, I suggest that we have already arrived at accepting mass murder. I agree.  Where do we go from here? Euthanasia of course.
Morality is relative, legality is not relative. Please understand the difference. Whoa there. I obviously agree that law and morality are not the same. However, morality is not relative.  No, you're not corresponding to reality, you are factually incorrect, your claim is false. You are not morally wrong, I believe, based on evidence, that you are logically incorrect. Morality is neither logic, nor law, yet you keep getting the two confused. DISCLAIMER: I am in no way admitting to Mach's accusation that my claim is false. However, to make my point as clear as possible, I will assume that his false assertion is true.  Mach, I've posed this to zachvac several times. When you say that my claim is false or logically incorrect, the only thing you may have proved (see disclaimer) is that my claim is false or logically incorrect. But why even bother pointing this out to me? Presmumably to get me to change from using bad logic to proper logic. But it will take more than showing my logic to be flawed to get me to start using proper logic. You must show me that using bad logic is a bad thing. No one has done this yet.  Morality (right vs wrong, a relative concept), and reality, that is, correspondance to reality i.e. true, or false. If what I say is true, it's objectively true, and anyone adhering to logic or reason accepts it as true.  However, if I were to tell you that eating pork is "wrong", then it's just an opinion of mine, and does not necessarily have any meaning to you. If however I were to tell you eating uncooked pork increases your risk of developing paraistes, that would be correct, factual, true, all of these things. So yes, if I say something is true, and it can be verified as true, you should believe it to be true. If I offer an opinon about right vs wrong, it's just a relative term, there is no true or false. I hope that helps you understnad the definitions you are using. Can you answer me this: is genocide intrinisically wrong. By genocide I mean the gathering of large numbers of people from one race, shipping them to centralized locations, and then gassing, burning, or starving them to death. Is this wrong?  It's not a claim. It's an accepted definition, that is, a premise. Absolutes have nothing to do with this, it's a strawman introduced in an attempt to lead some novice into a logical contradiction. Truth has nothing to do with the word "absolute". All truths are falsifable, by definition, not absolute. Both your usage of the word, and the resulting logic is incorrect. Who has accepted this definition? I obviously don't agree that all truths are falsifiable or, essentially, relative. Why, if we have truths that are not falsifiable, would we live according to truths that are? For example:  If an absolute standard allows us to say genocide (see above definition) is intrinsically wrong, that is, wrong no matter the culture, time in history, or what the law says, why would we want to live according to a standard that does not allow us to say genocide is intrinsically wrong?  Let's start with your proof that the concept of "right" and "wrong" exist, and are "real". Please provide the observable physical evidence for these existing things that are without a doubt, made of matter/energy like all existing things. Is "right" made of gold and "wrong" made of lead? Please, do enlighten us. I'm not even going to bother. Here's why:  Why bother wasting my time posting evidence for something when I can't possibly be wrong about it. That is, if I am wrong, I can't know if that's a bad or good thing and if I'm right, I can't know if that's a good or a bad thing.
Duo, did you ever see this post? i've been looking for your reply but may have missed it somewhere.   The majority has been wrong litterally millions of time throughout history.   What is this "wrong" you speak of duo? are you acknowledging the existance of some sort of universal absolute moral ethic? Very interesting.   First of all, the unborn are not productive citizens.   Aparently productivity and citizenship is a prerequisite for the right to life.    Second, the unborn are not granted rights.  If they are human beings they have rights. We have been through this  before.   Third, the unborn, especially those aborted, would be a financial strain upon this country, and this world.  Wow. All I have to say is . . . Wow. So lets pull the plug on all the baby  boomers when they become the strain on the health care system. Also,  according to this logic, everyone on welfare goes, everyone in the lower  class goes. It makes sense though, this is the type of conclusion that  comes when one does not place inherrent value upon human life. It is a  logical conclusion to the naturalistic worldview, or any other worldview that  does not place highest value upon all human life. This is bigotry at its  finest. Disposing humans based upon their economic status. Cool.    Fourth, the aborted, if forced to be born, would likely be born into a parentage that did not want them.  emoticon_rolleyes    Fifth, we already have a large amount of children in foster homes and many waiting to be adopted.  emoticon_rolleyes    Sixth, our facilities for caring for thise children as a nation is not up to par with other countries.   emoticon_rolleyes    Seventh, for pure labor reasons, it is cheaper to have immigrants immigrant and save us the billions in education, housing, and other such until age 18.   Why do you degrade these persons by saying they are not worthy of the  same monetary value you are placing upon the unborn.
And no, genoicide is not intrinsically wrong, there is no such thing, it's a meaningless statement. It is wrong TO YOU. Say it. IT IS WRONG TO YOU. Really, try it. At least you have accepted the consequences of your valuless worldview. However, I will never accept your standard because it logically leads to a world where right, wrong and justice have no meaning. According to my worldview, one can say slavery, genocide, child-molestation and murder are intrinsically wrong actions. According to yours, none of these actions can be deemed intrinsically wrong actions. By intrinsically wrong I mean wrong in every circumstance, no matter what the culture or time in history, and no matter what the law says about it. Thus, according to my worldview, these actions will always be wrong. According to your worldview, these actions may actually become right actions. That is not a very attractive standard to live by.
Accepted the consequences of a worldview? I never gave you a worldview, nor have we discussed consequences. I think you'd be surprised to truly understand your own views on both, or mine. Your worldview is one that does not allow anybody to say that the things I listed (i'm not posting them again) are wrong in every circumstance no matter what the time period in history, what public opinoin says, no matter what the culture, no matter what the law says. That is the consequence of your worldview. The consequence of mine is that an absolute standard gives us the ability to deem actions right or wrong no matter what the time period in history, what public opinion says, no matter what the culture, no matter what the law says. Thus genocide, for instance, is always wrong (that is, never right) in every circumstance, in every culture, in every time period in history, no matter what the law says.  No. Logic has nothing to do with such relative terms. It most certainly does NOT mean the world has "no meaning", because "meaning" is a relative term, you get to choose it. YOU define what has, or doesn't have, meaning. YOU. I have to disagree with your humanistic approach.  You have a choice: Let someone else define what is right and wrong for you (slavery), or choose for yourself what is right and what is wrong (freedom).   For you to decry slavery, then support slavery, should be revealing to you. Also note that the concept of right and wrong don't exist, they are relative to the human (in this case) discussing it. Right and wrong deals with behaviors. Then why, Mach, are you trying to convince me that my definition of morality is wrong. Are you trying to enslave me by forcing me to accept your definition of morality thereby eliminating my own free choice? Interesting.  As for me, I've freely chosen to follow an absolute standard. Good effort in trying to make it look like I support slavery. Ultimately unsuccessful, but good effort anyway.  Child molestation:  You deem child molestation intrinsically wrong...that is, just becase.  I might define child molestation as wrong because:  1. Children are very vulnerable to psychologic manipulation, quite likely to do something they don't really want to do. 2. Molested children often have psychological problems that last their entire life as a result from their experiences. 3. People molested at a young age have a statistiacally higher sucide rate than the control. 4. Parents are responsible for their children, and parents generally do not approve of any adult interacting with their child in a sexual way. 5. As reasonable adults, many of us want to make sure a child has time to develop into an adult, before being confronted with the difficulties and responsibilities that come with sex. 6. The risk of STDs isn't something a child can fully comprehend  etc., etc., etc. =================  What if science suddenly found out that child molestaion actually benefitted children and society? What if there were no ill-effects from such abuse whatsoever?   If you believe something is right, "just because", then I don't accept your beliefs. If you want instead to JUSTIFY your beliefs, you might make some headway.  Does it really scare you to think YOU define the meaning of your own life? That should be freeing, you should rejoice in your freedom, and be proud when you follow your goals and dreams, and pursue the meaning that you attribute to your life. What if someone decides that the meaning of their whole life is to commit mass genocide? What if someone decides that the most meaningful thing they could contribute to society is to rid the world of the inferior race? Should they rejoice in their freedom and be proud when they accomplish these goals and dreams? Still yet, should we rejoice in their freedom, and be proud when they follow and accomplish these goals and dreams? Afterall, they are only pursuing the meaning that they attriubte to their life. What's so bad about that?
Because? Your argument is light on substance, your refuation is even lighter :/ I disagree with your humanistic approach because I see no way to place value on anything. You haven't even been able to tell me genocide is always wrong no matter the circumstance.  How could it? What would have to change? Science at one time deemed one particular group of human beings as non-human beings. Why should I think science will never get something wrong again?  NO!!!  You get to choose. You form a society. You agree on what behaviors are punishable by law, you enforce those laws. In this way, if someone comitts mass genocide, and it's against the law (mass murder), there would be punishment (death penalty or life in prison). Effectively they would be removed from society, because they broke the law.  You want to label them as "wrong". For what purpose? They are already punished, in some cases, killed, for their behavior. What purpose does your labeling their action "an absolute wrong" have to do with the reality of the way our society functions? Some people love breaking laws. Good for them, they will be punished just the same. Some people don't know they broke a law. Too bad, they are punished just the same. Some people feel guilty, some don't, some have red hair, some believe in mythology, some don't, some are the CEOs of huge corporations, some are homeless people. Laws and punishment seem to work, not sure why you disagree. I don't think you understand what I was trying to say. Essentially, what happens if a culture and society embrace, even condone and mandate, genocide? What happens if it's legal to gather large groups of people according to race, ship them off to centralized locations, and gas, burn, and starve them to death? In this society, people carrying out these actions would not be breaking the law. I say even still, this is wrong. What say you?
Genoicide being wrong or not wrong, is a relative concept. If you think genocide is wrong, simply defend your claim with reasons. You might find that most people hold the same relative opinion.   But why do some people find it wrong? What was their basis for this?  You must also know that your position that something could "always be right", denies the notion of free will.  Maybe I am taking what you said outta context but if free will and having an absolute right and wrong are too different things...one wouldn't prevent the other.  Take pride in your ability to take a stand on an issue, and justify your beliefs, without appealing to some "absolute", that simply isn't there.  However, Cone got that belief based on an absolute. There will always be difference of opinions...this doesn't disprove an absolute right and wrong.   I believe I asked this somewhere else...If you have relative morals then what is the basis for deciding if something is right or wrong? Is it the majority? Is it what the government says? Is it what the courts say? Also, some laws are based on morality...such as the belief that killing is wrong...However if that morality is relative then we can get the case were killing is ok. So I ask again what the basis is?? No one has answered this yet.
You must also know that your position that something could "always be right", denies the notion of free will. Having an absolute standard does not eliminate free choice in the same way that having a law against something doesn't eliminate free choice. Even with an absolute standard, one will always have the choice not to abide by it...the moral relativist has made such a choice, thereby proving the consistency between an absolute standard with freedom of will.  I might respond to the rest later, but for now i'm too tired.
This from the Roman Catholic Church  In his homily Monday morning, Ratzinger - a powerful Vatican official from Germany often mentioned as a leading candidate to become the next pope - spoke in unusually blunt terms against "a dictatorship of relativism" - the ideology that there are no absolute truths.  "Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church, is often labeled today as a fundamentalism," Ratzinger said. "Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and 'swept along by every wind of teaching,' looks like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.  "We are moving toward a dictatorship of relativism which does not recognize anything as for certain and which has as its highest goal one's own ego and one's own desires."
well, I guess you could say God is a dictator in a way...so yeah, he believes that God is the absolute ruler. What is your point?
Anyone who suggests abortion is a dispute between the rights of a woman and a fetus is trying to mislead you or is negligent about the nature of abortion rights. This isn't a dispute between woman vrs fetus but instead an issue between a woman's right to abortion and the interests of a small yet powerful vocal minority who believe they can project their views upon the majority.  Rights are not simply just passed out but are based upon interest...something the Supreme Court based their conclusion during Roe v Wade.  In the many years that have supported abortion rights I have never found a single pro-lifer who could prove, outside their opinion and others, how a fetus has an interest in being born. Unfortunately for them, fetuses have never elected pro-lifers to speak their behalf of but instead vice-versa. The pro-life movement plays as a self-appointed representative towards fetuses despite a lack of evidence or substance as to why a fetus, at the moment of conception, has an interest in living. So the debate is just whittled down to two factions; those who believe that abortion is a right provide to women or that a minority can oppress their views upon others because it happens to offend their beliefs.  Women have a right to abortion because, as a nation, we have an invested interest in keeping abortion legal for them. For nearly 70 years we know that the fruits of coercion childbirth do not payoff...they lead to the corruption of law enforcement, provide criminals another avenue of wealth, wreck death and mutilation upon desperate women, destroy the healthcare system and leave behind an underground abortion rate that is rarely addressed by those who support coercion childbirth in the first place.  Fetuses are immune from having an self-interest in being born because they have never developed such feelings in the sheer majority of abortion ever performed. Their brains are often far too primitive to hold such emotions or even awareness. If the fetus is incapable of feeling outraged or offended by being aborted then what is the big deal?  Considering abortion was more legal during the times of our founding fathers then today. Tell me then, does someone who is mentally retarded have a self-interest in staying alive? What about someone in a coma?
This isn't a dispute between woman vrs fetus but instead an issue between a woman's right to abortion and the interests of a small yet powerful vocal minority who believe they can project their views upon the majority.   As in 50% of Americans????  Rights are not simply just passed out but are based upon interest...something the Supreme Court based their conclusion during Roe v Wade.   This was my favorite...I guess the Supreme Courts job is to decide what our country thinks is moral and not. They are the moral lawmakers you could says...I will inform my Congressman his services are no longer needed.  In the many years that have supported abortion rights I have never found a single pro-lifer who could prove, outside their opinion and others, how a fetus has an interest in being born. Unfortunately for them, fetuses have never elected pro-lifers to speak their behalf of but instead vice-versa. The pro-life movement plays as a self-appointed representative towards fetuses despite a lack of evidence or substance as to why a fetus, at the moment of conception, has an interest in living.   Well, I can't prove that you have an interest to be alive right now. But I would probably ask before I killed you (not that I am or would). So since you don't believe pro-lifers should be the voice maybe we should ask the fetus, we first have to let it learn how to speak first..so by the point it is born and we can't kill it anyway. Not only that, who are you to say they DON'T have an interest in living??? I guess you are its appointed speaker now.  Women have a right to abortion because, as a nation, we have an invested interest in keeping abortion legal for them. For nearly 70 years we know that the fruits of coercion childbirth do not payoff...they lead to the corruption of law enforcement, provide criminals another avenue of wealth, wreck death and mutilation upon desperate women, destroy the healthcare system and leave behind an underground abortion rate that is rarely addressed by those who support coercion childbirth in the first place.   I am sure you have proof for all of this. Even so, I guess this justifies killing someone. Killing an innocent person is never a bad thing right??  Fetuses are immune from having an self-interest in being born because they have never developed such feelings in the sheer majority of abortion ever performed. Their brains are often far too primitive to hold such emotions or even awareness. If the fetus is incapable of feeling outraged or offended by being aborted then what is the big deal?   I guess you could say the same thing about a mentally retarded person, alzheimers patients, 1 second old baby, a sleeping person (as they wouldn't know and therefore couldn't get outraged or offended)....I guess you define a person as being aware they don't wanna be killed. I recall some other people thinking the same thing in the 1930s   Considering abortion was more legal during the times of our founding fathers then today.  You are sadly mistaken there...It was illegal for about 200 years dude.
"Tell me then, does someone who is mentally retarded have a self-interest in staying alive? What about someone in a coma?"  I can't speak for everyone but they all have the capability to have an interest in living. A fetus simply doesn't. So the standard has moved from actually having an interest to merely having a capability to have an interest?  Is there something you are trying to prove? Because I have seen this comparison a thousand times and have disproven it a thousand times over. Your claim is that one must have an interest in living in order to be able to have a right to life. Because the fetus doesn't have such an interest, we are justified in terminating it if we want to. But you have not proven that a mentally retarded person has an interest in living. Therefore by your standard, we are justified in killing a mentally retarded person if we want to. The same goes for someone in a coma, someone in heart or brain surgery, someone who is sleeping, and many many other people.
No, people in comas already have interest in life...to distinguish their lives would violate them...unless of course you can absolutely prove that people in comas permanently lose this. How do we determine that the person in a coma has an interest in living? I might not understand exactly what you are trying to say. Are you saying that the person himself must have and interest in living. If so, what are we to with those who express no interest to live? Further still, what are we to do with those who have expressed the opposite interest, such as people who overdose on drugs with the intent to kill themselves, people who wish to commit suicide in other ways, etc.  No, I claim that simply abortion doesn't offend the fetus because it is absent of interest in living. Would infanticide offend the live born infant? Even at one day old?   No one has ever had a "right to life" that supercedes all other rights. Never.  I obviously disagree. My worldview places the highest value upon human life, and as such, a human person's right to life takes precedent over many other rights.  However the fact of the matter is that those who are mentally retarded have the ability to have an interest in life. This is a far cry from actually having an interest in life. Having the ability to have an interest, and actually having an interest are two separate and distinct propositions.  It is common knowledge that such people have emotions and your demand is no different then asking someone to prove that Jews are human beings. It is absurd. I don't understand. Does having emotions prove that one has an interest in life?
No one has ever had a "right to life" that supercedes all other rights. Never.  If one's right to life is not secured and if the act of securing this right is not given the highest precedent, then all other rights are in jeopardy of being violated and therefore cannot be adequetly secured. Name another perceived right that carries this much weight.
The "right to life", as in the one important in American tradition, refers to the right to not have your life taken, not the right to have your life supported by others against their will. This statement is such a contradiction and a violation of the right to life. While you claim that humans have a right to not have their life taken, at the same time you have undermined this claim with a qualification that says this right depends upon wether another human chooses to recognize this right or not. This leads me to conclude that you do not place an inherrent absolute value upon human life.  Furthurmore, you cannot compare the right to life ie:the right for one to continue in their existance - to continue living - with any other right. Even this perceived right you have given to conflict with the right to life derives itself from the right to life.  Abortion is not neccessarily the killing of a fetus. It can be the refusal to support it. Or are you a murderer every time someone starves to death, since you refused to support them? No. "Not, neccessarily"? Have you seen the abortion procedures!!!? Anyways, this type of politically correct language is used to ease the human conscience. Passive murder and active murder are no different. Human life is ended either way.
The "right to life", as in the one important in American tradition, refers to the right to not have your life taken, not the right to have your life supported by others against their will.  Abortion is not neccessarily the killing of a fetus. It can be the refusal to support it. Or are you a murderer every time someone starves to death, since you refused to support them? But abortion is not the simple refusal to support a fetus. That might be one's reason for getting an abortion. However, it requires active destruction of the fetus by some outside source.  The comparisson isn't "am I a murderer every time someone starves to death?" it is "am I a murderer if I go into a hospital and remove someone's feeding tube?"
I'm only gonna respond to the one's that were mine....  Certainly abortions in the early stages of pregnancy don't involve active killing. They don't? We're going to have to agree upon the question of when human life begins before this statement can be true. I'd like to see one pregnant woman withold her own recources from the fetus inside her without the aid of any secondary, outside resource.  Why else would you get an abortion? Because one is unwilling to accept the consequences of their own free choice.  You are when you go to the hospital, because you have removed their feeding tube. If someone is eating out of your feeding tube and you cut them off, you are no murderer at all. You were right to correct my comparison. However, your conclusion is incorrect. This action is still murder. Even if such a person was living off of my feeding tube without my consent, and someone removed it from them, it would still be murder.
Symbiote, While you claim that humans have a right to not have their life taken, at the same time you have undermined this claim with a qualification that says this right depends upon whether another human chooses to recognize this right or not. This leads me to conclude that you do not place an inherent absolute value upon human life.  Furthermore, you cannot compare the right to life ie:the right for one to continue in their existence - to continue living - with any other right. Even this perceived right you have given to conflict with the right to life derives itself from the right to life.  Chloe, you are a murderer a thousand times over by your own definition of the term. You have passively murdered thousands of starving Africans whose lives you could have preserved.  What do you know of my efforts to preserve and save human life?  This comparison is not legitimate (although I see how you took my statement here). Let me further clarify it, murder involves the intent to end life. Abortion (whether carried out by a passive or active means) requires an active choice and intent to end the baby's life. One can intentionally end life through passive or active means. I have never actively or purposefully chosen to end anyone's life through any means (be it the starving or the babies or the starving of the babies).  However... you can go ahead and say I am guilty of manslaughter - which is true of most of the human race throughout the history of the world on many levels. I admit that I am guilty of manslaughter with the issue of abortion (i have not personally been involved in an abortion).   Have you? Abortion does not neccessarily include the killing of a fetus. yes i have. How is this so? I am referring to abortion where the mother actively chooses to end the life of the fetus (whether that be by a passive or active means).   The fetus always dies as a result, but it is not always killed. Perhaps you're too hysterical to be able to distinguish that fine a detail. huh? How and why do they die?  Why do you think you can take the high ground on the issue of abortion, when you admit you yourself are a murderer of a large number of adults? never said that. See above.
Does my "right to life" allow me free healthcare?  I don't understand what your point is here. Anyway, do you have a "right to free healthcare"?  I will go ahead and say this. Just because a person/society/government does not recognize a right or the value of the right does not mean they do not exist. The baby's right to life is violated when we abort it, but this does not negate the fact that they had a right to life.  Does my "right to life" provide me shelter, safety and food? It doesn't.  many systems are set in place for these types of provisions because there is a right to life and the systems are a means of securing this right so that all other rights can then best be secured.  I can't march into a hospital and demand for free healthcare - they can easily turn me down and let me die.  no they can't deny you. nor should they be able to.  I can't force people to donate blood to me if they happen to have my blood type.  if you have sex you are ethically obligated to continue to regognize and not violate the right to life of the baby that may be created as a result - regardless of its size, its level of dependence, its location, or its environment.  And I can't rob a grocery store because I need food to survive or randomly occupy buildings for the safety of my life.  the government has systems set in place to provide for the needy. this is an effort to secure the right to life so that all other rights can better be secured.  There is no superceding "right to life."  yes there is. of all other rights are to be secured, the right to life is must necessarily be secured in order for the other rights to be best secured. The right to life provides the basis for all other rights.   When we start talking about money, businesses, property and people's personal lives it usually ends. no it doesn't. how? How can the right to life justifiably take a back seat to rights that have less value and logical precedence.
Linus,  We have been over many of your arguements.  Your right to life doesn't say you have free healthcare and it doesnt say you get a kidney if you are dieing and it doesn't force people to give blood. If you want reasons why this is true just read back in some of the forums or maybe my posts (and cones for that matter). It has no backing for the simple reason that not donating blood is not an infridgement....not that this matters as making abortions illegal wouldnt force anyone to give blood. Your shelter things applies the same way.
[B]Because the before the person was a in coma they were alive...willfully. But they can't express this will now, nor can they have it. Just because they had it before, doesn't mean they have it now. Judging from your criteria, it would not be an offense to a coma patient if we killed them.  People give themselves self-inflicted deaths kill ever day by exposing themselves to alcohol, drugs, high-fatty diets, radiation, being susceptible to everyday household poisons, risky behaviors and etc.. If someone wants to take heroin until they flatline I see it no differently then someone who makes a habit out of eating a big Mac thrice a week. However people who want to die should be judged upon their health first...just like any other major decision. This answers nothing. Let me try to be more clear. If a person intentionally overdoses, thereby showing their intent to die, is it an offense against that person if medical personel to give life-preserving care to that person?  Absolutely. How can a one day old infant have/express an interest to live?  They are because having an interest in life is an individual condition, being capable is universal for all of those who are mentally handicap. Having the capability is not the same as actually having it. Let me show you. A fetus has the capability to have an interest in life. Should we then conclude that it would offend the fetus to end its life?
So we have just discovered that pro-lifers are really closet Communists. What/who are you talking about/to?
The "intent" factor is a red-herring. A woman may not "intend" to kill the fetus, she may simply "intend" to end her pregnancy, and the fetus' death may be an unfortunate, but definite, side effect. As I said before, I'd like to see a woman "end" her pregnancy without any outside aid. Placing flowerly language on an action does not in any way soften its ethical implication.  There is no way around this, unless you claim to mind-read every aborter, and claim that there "intent" is to kill. You cannot read their minds, and so you cannot know what their motive is. see above.  This is Communistic in two senses a) Asserting everyone has some right to be kept alive at other peoples' expense. You can't remove your own feeding tube from someone else. Someone else is taking your stuff - but if they need it - you aren't allowed to stop them. We can call this "To each according to their need, from each according to their ability. I subscribe to the principle that all human life is sacred. Therefore I believe that the fetus has as much of a right to live as an infant.   Asserting peoples' thoughts can make them criminals. ie, advocating the criminilization of thought out of line with the Party's. I don't believe I ever did this, but if you can make the accusation stick, I'll respond to it.
And if you criminalize abortion you will. It's called a coathanger.  The fact someone assists them, in any case, has no relevance whatsoever to what their "intent" is. A woman gets an abortion. She might do it for any number of reasons. You claim she has murderous intent.  You don't need intent to be convicted of murder. Not that this matters. The point is you are killing someone and that is wrong. The difference in it being illegal is that the government doesn't support (and makes it criminal) to harm another person. The idea that people will "do it anyway" doesn't really matter. People are killing adults everyday eventhough it is illegal and I doubt we should legalize that.  and all we have is your word to go on that the intent of women having abortions is to "kill" their feti. In other words, we are expected to, on the basis of your mind-reading abilities, punish all women who have abortions  I don't follow you here. If the intent is not to kill their unborn child then what is it??? To see what surgeries they can do down there or something? I think a women knows why she is getting an abortion and if not, ignorance is no excuse for killing someone. So punish them...well, do you punish someone that kills a 40yr old man?
And if you criminalize abortion you will. It's called a coathanger. It goes without saying that a coathanger is an outside resource.  The fact someone assists them, in any case, has no relevance whatsoever to what their "intent" is. A woman gets an abortion. She might do it for any number of reasons. You claim she has murderous intent. You cannot prove this. You effectively claim to read her mind and punish her on that basis. The fact she has someone assist her in her abortion in no way helps you determine her intent. Even if you could determine her intent it would be unjust to punish her on the basis of it. This is what is called - thought crime. I do not claim murderous intent, I claim fundamental violation of the right to live of an innocent human person.  Suppose Frank grabs an oozie and starts shooting it into a large crowd killing 5 people. Frank simply wanted to shoot his gun, but the unfortunate and definite side effect was that 5 people were killed. What should we do with Frank? 1) if we know Frank's intent was to kill these 5 people, can we justly punish him on this basis? 2) if we know Frank's intent was only to shoot his gun, not harm anybody, can we justly punish Frank in any manner. Afterall, he did not intend such adverse affects of his actions. 3) if we don't know anything of Frank's intent, what are we to do?  And you are violating the right to live of every African every time one of them dies you could have saved. Violated their right to live? Tell me Symbiote, how have I done this?   In other words, we are expected to, on the basis of your mind-reading abilities, punish all women who have abortions. I never said anything about punishing women.
Aid means assistance. Help. It implies another person working with her.  Don't be facetious. If you can't hold a position without pretending you held a different position a moment before, maybe you shouldn't hold it. A resource is not aid. Simply a typo on my part. If you'll kindly read this post I think it will be evident that I meant resource, not aid.  Frank actively killed these people. You have successfully shown intent is irrelevant. Fortunately I have no reliance on intent, though I think I misread you as taking it into account. I view abortion as an action that results in the killing of a fetus, ie, actively killing the fetus.  If we grant that a fetus is a person, cutting a fetus off from your body is like refusing to supply a starving African with food. No, cutting a fetus from the body is to actively remove it from the life-sustaining resources it is already utilizing. You may argue it has no right to be utilizing these resources, but cutting the fetus from the body is not refusing to supply it with these resources, it is actively removing it from these resources. This is why I say that I'd like to see a woman refuse her resources to a fetus without any outside resource/help/aid. If she could do this, then she would be refusing to supply a resource she owns. Otherwise, she is actively removing the fetus from the life-sustaining resource it is utilizing.  If we grant that a fetus is a "person", stabbing a fetus through the head with a nail is like stabbing a starving African through the head with a nail. It is murder. I obviously agree with this one :)   See the difference? All the examples you can provide of murder involve active killing - not refusing to supply a resource you own. Not to be picky, but I think you're going to need to define "active killing."
But they have expressed it before. Are expressions to be only followed and respected by others if they are constantly implied then? Goodness, if so, then are legal system is in real trouble because apparently I didn't get my hourly update that theft is still a crime. What if they haven't expressed any such desire?  Then the burden of proof would be on you to support this. Not the person within a coma. The burden of proof is on you to support your claim that the fetus has no interest in living.  If a person wants to die then let them. People make the choice to alter the way they'll live anyways so why stop now? This does not answer my question. Is it an offense against a person trying to commit suicide if medical personnell offer life-sustaining care to that person until they recover?  How can it not? An infant has the ability to cherish does it not? If an infant can make emotional attachments to a mother then why not life? What is the difference between a one day old infant, and a fetus who will be born in one day?  No, a fetus has the future possibility (not the absolute) of attaining an interest if it gestates long enough to develop such a feature. How do we determine if such an interest to live exists?  So are you suggesting abortion would offend the fetus then? If so can you provide proof of this? I believe the unborn has the fundamental right to life from conception. As such, abortion is in violation of its fundamental right to continue existing.
You let a bum into your kitchen, to eat your food. Or maybe he sneaks in without you realising.  Either way, you get home, find him there, decide what you're going to do, and make him leave. "Actively removing him" from the resources he was living on.  Later, he dies of starvation.  Have you murdered him?  In my view, no, you have not, since the resources you have removed him from were not his to begin with.  Now if you went out and stole someone else's food and they died, that would be murder, or at least manslaughter.  Similarly, a fetus does not own its' mother's body.  To consistently apply a "right to life" even this narrowly, you have to agree that any hobo who moves into your house has a right to continue living off you, forever. In which case, please provide me with your address. No, not forever, but maybe until he can sustain himself. If someone shows up at my doorstep about to die from starvation (by about, I mean he would certainly die if he were to try to go elsewhere), then in my view I have an obligation to do what I can to help him, i.e. feed him, etc.  The presence of a fetus in the womb in no way implies that the fetus owns the mother's body.
Sym,  You example is flawed in this way. The correct analogy would be...you invite the man into your home to eat. You decide you don't want him to eat anymore so you stab him in the neck.
I was watching the Bill Maher show today and they had Jane Fonda on. She mentioned that she has recently become a Christian and that HER god is one that supports a womens right to choice. Now there are so many problems with this that I don't even know where to start. Not only that, I am saying this as almost a "newbie" Christian as in I don't know everything there is to know about the Bible. However, I do know that the Christian God that is defined in the Bible is against abortion. Many argue that the Bible is not what the Christian God is because it has been translated into a meaningless document. How is this true when we have so many of the original scrolls? Moreever, how can one claim what God thinks if they don't have anything to base it on? For example if you say the Bible is worthless, you are a Christian, and God believes abortion is ok...then how did you come to this conclusion? The Christian God talks about how one is created before they were put in the womb. God also talks about not killing. So if you wish to be Christian and for abortion you need to rethink one of those stances. God doesn't conform to anyone.
"Hanoi" Jane is a disgrace to all Americans.........She should have been tried for treason in 1971......No true Vietnam Vet will ever accept her apology......  I don't condone that vet spitting on her but I don't blame him........  As far as the abortion issue goes there is no God that supports the murder of the innocent unborn in the womb........
Jane Fonda's "god" does...although being your own god is not gonna cut it.
So, how many unborn babies did your God drown in Genesis? Talk about hypocrisy. What if the answer to that was 0? You have begged the question.
However Christian theology and history have disproven this time and time again. In fact, Christianity's supposed stance against abortion is only very recent. For hundreds of years Christianity openly supported abortion before quickening. It is a dirty little secret that the ideological masters of the Christian-Con movement hope you never find out about because it would destroy them. You crack me up.  The Bible falls completely silent on the issue of abortion.  All direct condemnations on abortion found in the New Testament were quickly discarded as irrelevant by theologians. Christianity had it's chance at condemning abortion in the Bible and choose not to! For hundreds of years the Vatican supported abortion rights. Even it's most celebrated saints were not only outspoken supporters but blazed a path for theology to support it.  And in early America, it wasn't rare for abortion services to be posted on Church bulletinboards.  Again, these are facts that the pro-life/Christian-Con movement you never find out about. They would rather have you believe in lies instead for their political agendas. That was a nice rant that had absolutely nothing to do with anything. The essential question is not what various religous leaders have said about the issue, but what the Bible says about the issue.
lol Linus...You provide no proof for this.  However the Bible does say "I create you before I placed you in the womb"...this would imply that God created you before you are even conceived. Now He also talked about how you can't kill an innocent person. Maybe you should read up a little bit about what the Bible says on abortion. Christians are supposed to believe in the Bible as it is the Word of God. You are supposed to be able to figure out anything that you have question on in the Bible (such as abortion, slavery, homosexuals etc..).   The Bible tells us God is involved in our creation from the womb:  "Did not He who made me in the womb make him, And the same one fashion us in the womb? (Job 31:15)  Yet Thou art He who didst bring me forth from the womb; Thou didst make me trust when upon my mother's breasts. Upon Thee I was cast from birth; Thou hast been my God from my mother's womb. (Psalms 22:9-10)  For Thou didst form my inward parts; Thou didst weave me in my mother's womb. I will give thanks to Thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made; Wonderful are Thy works, And my soul knows it very well. My frame was not hidden from Thee, When I was made in secret, And skillfully wrought in the depths of the earth. Thine eyes have seen my unformed substance; And in Thy book they were all written, The days that were ordained for me, When as yet there was not one of them. (Psalms 139:13-16)  Thus says the LORD who made you And formed you from the womb, who will help you, `Do not fear, O Jacob My servant; And you Jeshurun whom I have chosen. (Isaiah 44:2)  Thus says the LORD, your Redeemer, and the one who formed you from the womb, "I, the LORD, am the maker of all things, Stretching out the heavens by Myself, And spreading out the earth all alone, (Isaiah 44:24)  Then Exodus says the following: If men fight, and hurt a woman with child, so that she gives birth prematurely, yet no harm follows, he shall surely be punished accordingly as the woman's husband imposes on him; and he shall pay as the judges determine. But if any harm follows, then you shall give life for life  Not that hard to figure out dude...What is your proof?
I am not Christian    It shows  by the way, only the creator of life can take it away according to the Bible.
Then you would have to be believe that out of the supposed millions upon millions of people who walked the Earth none of them were pregnant and there were no newborns either. Then again, to be Christian, you also have to believe the world was created in 7 days and their was a Biblical great flood too. The best part about writing a fairytale is that the author gets to make up everything as they go along. Or could it be possible that God, as the sovereign and just Creator of the universe, through his divine will, could have orchestrated the world in such a way, that there was not one pregnant person on the earth during this time period?
I see...a lack of substance on your behalf. Anything to fill the void after a rather damning debunk on the thread I suppose. A very typical tactic on your behalf and I would not expect more.   This coming from the person that makes insane claims without providing evidence. Atleast provide some when asked!  The Bible falls silent on the issue of abortion. You couldn't find me a verse that directly condemns abortion if your life counted on it. And if the Bible is silent then what about theologians? Once again...nothing.   I guess the many quotes I posted don't count then huh? Sure it doesn't say "abortion is wrong"...however if you believe in the Bible you believe that it provides an answer to this question. And it does...as provided earlier.
Apparently I spoke well past your head...not my fault. Any ways... The Bible falls silent on the issue of abortion. You couldn't find me a verse that dirour life coectly condemns abortion if yunted on it. And if the Bible is silent then what about theologians? Once again...nothing.  Keep "cracking up"...I suppose it is the only thing you can do. Very well, I accept your challenge.  Now the word of the Lord came to me saying, "Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, and before you were born I consecrated you; I have appointed you a prophet to the nations." This verse seems to point out that Jeremiah was more than simply a "product of conception." He was a product of the Creator, formed in the womb by Him in the same manner that Adam was formed out of the dust and in the image of the maker.
You quote as evidence a site that doesn't provide an Bible versuses? Great proof :-/ Not only that but it is RELIGIOUSTOLERANCE.ORG!! I mean really. How anti-christian can you get? The fact that you copied your whole arguement from this website says enough about you.  Your biased website states very few examples and even goes as far as to say Exodus is translated wrong. Your website is just false on this and I don't know where they got their BS from.   And if men strive together, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart, and yet no harm follow, he shall be surely fined, according as the woman's husband shall lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine. But if any harm follow, then thou shalt give life for life  That is what it said. Now your website gives a false translation to this. It clearly is talking about if the unborn is harmed.  Not to mention the numerous other quotes I gave you about how a person (in the Christian faith) is formed before conception! This shows that God has already created you. God also talks about how you can't kill a person he created. This is an easy concept to follow.  I suggest if you wish to learn what the Bible says you read it and not take what a biased website has to say. Religioustolerance.org is a joke that misleads people into making God what they want him to be.
Linus, What about the passage that Cone was talking about? Very well, I accept your challenge.  Now the word of the Lord came to me saying, "Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, and before you were born I consecrated you; I have appointed you a prophet to the nations."  This verse seems to point out that Jeremiah was more than simply a "product of conception." He was a product of the Creator, formed in the womb by Him in the same manner that Adam was formed out of the dust and in the image of the maker.
Wow, again, you attack the messenger instead of the message. You cannot possibly disprove what they say and thus you are rendered to only attacking them because you could never possibly defeat the message. You are using desperate attacks and are forced to fighting on your knees. Why don't you get on your feet and instead rise to the occasion? If you want to use bias as a way to disprove a message then I suppose I have already won every argument against every pro-lifer because they are biased. Everyone is biased. If you want to use that as a prerequisite for proving something as being valid then you'll never find a valid message.   lol the messenger is wrong about his/her claims. If you read the Bible you can't draw the conclusions he or she did. Thats like reading "I am the way" from the Bible and assuming it means that God is not the way. It just doesn't make sense. I guess we can let the viewers of this thread decide however when the Bible has the same word for adult as it does for fetus and that God says he creates you before you are in the womb and that you can't kill a person...what conclusion does a rational person draw?   Formed from conception? How is this possible if the bible was written thousands of years before the discovery of conception by modern science?  You are kidding me right? It says "created before he was in the womb"...What do you think that means. Wow.  God told his followers to kill thousands of people that he created within the Bible. I suggest you read the Old Testament.  And? You make it seem as if God is not allowed to kill anyone. The Bible never says God can't.    I would say the naive person is the one that thinks the Bible doesn't say anything about abortion. If you are Christian you believe the Bible WOULD talk about an issue like this...in fact your website argees on this. It always talks about slavery and many other issues. Now what does it say about abortion? Well it says you can't kill a person. God defines person as before being concieved even!!!! The person that argrees differently has not read the Bible nor taken the time to understand it. You have disproved nothing.
Jeremiah only proves God has foreknowledge.  Foreknowledge does not equal opposition to abortion.  Actually it says he already created a person. Going with other things God said..we can say God doesn't prove you killing people. It doesn't say abortion...but it does say you can't kill someone in the womb. We have a word for that now..abortion.
Luke 1:15 "...he(John) will be filled with the Holy Spirit while yet in his mother's womb."  Here John is deemed a person while in the womb.
I didn't see the word abortion in Luke. Maybe if you wouldn't mind so much could you please show me where God mentions something about it? Because I asked for a direct passage on abortion. Not one that you think/feel/believe that COULD be. I am looking for the concrete. Not the subjective. Luke 1:15 "...he(John) will be filled with the Holy Spirit while yet in his mother's womb."  Take this along with the passages denouncing murder. Along with the passages Cone and Steeeeve have mentioned.
I have not ready any of this thread - just the topic sentence was enough to blow me away. I hate to break it to the woman hating fundementalist crowd - not one of you gets to cliam what my faith is OR what I support. Period.  And I don't think anyone wants too, at least I don't........  I can't speak for anyone else but I am one person who loves women not hates them, but I just have a problem in murdering a baby in the womb who has committed no crime or hurt anyone when the mother's life is not endangered...
I have not ready any of this thread - just the topic sentence was enough to blow me away. I hate to break it to the woman hating fundementalist crowd - not one of you gets to cliam what my faith is OR what I support. Period.  no one claimed whos faith is whos Jitobear. However, Christians believe in the Bible and believe in the God in the Biblie. If you don't believe in the Bible then how can you be a Christian? So with that in mind, God is against abortion. This is easily found by combining two things together in the Bible. The good book contains answers to hard questions, you just gotta read the thing.  As for Linus, I got real tired of spelling things out for you. However, I suspect you don't support the Roe vs Wade case because abortion (the exact word) is no where in the constitution.
Yep, the same "sovereign" creator who gave parents the right to slaughter their unruly children just POOF made everyone magically become unpregnant so it could ease the conscious of those who oppose abortion hundreds of years later and not find themselves feel conflicted over worshipping a supernatural abortionist. Or did god just kill millions of "unborn babies" because he knew hundreds of years later their would be Christian apologists who find ways to sugarcoat his brutalities? I suppose the later would take less effort in the end.  But God never said he stopped people from giving birth or having babies so I assume he just went ahead and slaughtered them none the less. Wow, some divine being you worship. Killing tiny little unborn babies. What a tough guy! Sure showed them something about morality! Oh I don't sugar coat what he did. I just hold to sound Biblical doctrine that says God is just in everything he does.
there is nothing in the Bible to justify imposing adhearance on others. Can you explain what you mean by this a little more. I'm not sure I understand what you are trying to say.
Can anyone explain to me how someone can be a pro choice Christian believe in God and be for murder of an innocent defenseless baby in the womb?  I believe there is a comandment that states: Thou shall not kill..........
lol. Hypocrite. If it is wrong to abort on such grounds, it is also wrong to wage war or execute prisoners on such grounds. Oh yes, class can we say it:   After me, Voice of treason is a HYP-O-CR-ITE  The difference little man is when you execute a criminal it is because he has committed a capital crime..........  The innocent defenseless baby in the womb is just murdered.....  I know that is tough for someone like you to understand..........
Oh yes, tell that to the 23 proven innocent, and likely hundreds more who were killed who commited no crime except being in the wrong place at the wrong time. It doesn't matter though. the 10 commandements gives no exceptions, thou shall not kill doesn't CARE if they did a crime. You're just as guilty as those who you accuse. Please, tell me where the 10 commandements's exceptions are located. If you cannot, you're a biblical perverter.     Oh yes, tell that to the 23 proven innocent, and likely hundreds more who were killed who commited no crime except being in the wrong place at the wrong time. emoticon_xgood    I know that it is tough for someone like you to understand that you're never right about anything,   Btw: what number keyboard are you on? You must have worn at least least a few from your constat use of periods as the primary points in your arguments.  Also, are you still too cowardly to meet me 1 on 1? Not to mention, I take it your complete and utter failure to prove your claim means that you forfeit the reward of $50?  I love you too little man......... :)
Oh yes, tell that to the 23 proven innocent, and likely hundreds more who were killed who commited no crime except being in the wrong place at the wrong time. It doesn't matter though. the 10 commandements gives no exceptions, thou shall not kill doesn't CARE if they did a crime. You're just as guilty as those who you accuse. Please, tell me where the 10 commandements's exceptions are located. If you cannot, you're a biblical perverter.     Oh yes, tell that to the 23 proven innocent, and likely hundreds more who were killed who commited no crime except being in the wrong place at the wrong time. emoticon_xgood    I know that it is tough for someone like you to understand that you're never right about anything,   Btw: what number keyboard are you on? You must have worn at least least a few from your constat use of periods as the primary points in your arguments.  Also, are you still too cowardly to meet me 1 on 1? Not to mention, I take it your complete and utter failure to prove your claim means that you forfeit the reward of $50?  I love you too little man......... :)   i made a mistake and tried to reason with you but I know its not possible to reason with a 10 year old...........It won't happen again.........
Well for starters - nobody is pro-abortion. I have yet to ancounter anyone who advocates that we should all go out and get abortions.  People who are pro-choice believe that it is not their business to make decisions for total strangers they do not know.  What I mean by forcing adhearance is this; If I am Christian and and believe that Bible says that a certain activity is one I should not engage in - then it is up to me to not engage in it. It is not up to me to force others to follow that law.  Actually the commandment is "thou shalt not committ murder" God actually advocated and demanded the killing of all kinds of people, even children, when the Hebrews took over the promised land.  You can reason it out any way you want so it make you sleep better at night but can you cite me a bible verse where God said it was ok to murder and innocent, defenseless baby in the womb? Thanks.........
lol. Hypocrite. If it is wrong to abort on such grounds, it is also wrong to wage war or execute prisoners on such grounds. Oh yes, class can we say it:   After me, Voice of treason is a HYP-O-CR-ITE  To say he's a hypocrite is absurd. Just look at your examples. For instance, "execute prisoners" if I'm not mistaken prisoners, have committed a crime. And did not VOR state, that babies, have not. Now the comparison of "wage war" in war, both parties have objectives involving punishing the other. So war, is justified in the minds of those who wage it, by accusing their opponents. A baby can not be so accused, and his death can not be justified. My dear Duo_Maxwell, you have committed the logical crime, of false comparison.
To say he's a hypocrite is absurd. Just look at your examples. For instance, "execute prisoners" if I'm not mistaken prisoners, have committed a crime. And did not VOR state, that babies, have not. Now the comparison of "wage war" in war, both parties have objectives involving punishing the other. So war, is justified in the minds of those who wage it, by accusing their opponents. A baby can not be so accused, and his death can not be justified. My dear Duo_Maxwell, you have committed the logical crime, of false comparison.  Liberals like little man always do that.....They try to compare Abortion with the death penalty...........The fact remains there is no comparison.......  Don't you find it ironic that they defend murderers and rapists but have no compassion for and innocent, defenseless infant in the womb?
What I mean by forcing adhearance is this; If I am Christian and and believe that Bible says that a certain activity is one I should not engage in - then it is up to me to not engage in it. It is not up to me to force others to follow that law. I still don't understand this. At some point, somebody's morality has to be imposed on somebody else or we have mass chaos and anarchy.
What I mean by forcing adhearance is this; If I am Christian and and believe that Bible says that a certain activity is one I should not engage in - then it is up to me to not engage in it. It is not up to me to force others to follow that law.  So you admit that a Christian can't support abortion. As God determines a person to be a person long before they are even in the womb. And he talks about not killing innocent people (murder). So this would support the claim that a Christian who believes in Gods Word would not support abortion.
That is nice but that still doesn't condemn abortion. Abortion is legal. The Hebrew word for murder exclusively means illict killing. Abortion isn't illict.  You failed again.  For those that don't know illicit is =unlawful   So murder is unlawful killing. What "law" is referred to when God said you can't murder? Well, God's Law. Abortion is wrong under God's law for the reasons stated already. Appears he didn't fail again.
That is nice but that still doesn't condemn abortion.  Yes it does  Abortion isn't illict. How not so? Prove it Biblically. Its been proven to the contrary.
So then you renounce your pro-life feelings and decide to worship and support a being that used genocide and chattel slavery against innocent human beings? Apparently you just did. Wow, apparently you can't deduce one logical thing from any statement I make. I said: Oh I don't sugar coat what he did. I just hold to sound Biblical doctrine that says God is just in everything he does. If God is just in everything He does, as the Bible obviously states He is, then it directly follows that he cannot be impugned by anybody for what He does. He especially can't be impugned by any human being, who we can safely assume is not omniscient, and therefore cannot know the situation fully.  For you to imply that you are more just than God, is to imply that you know more than God does, which by reading your posts on these forums, we can safely say is flat out wrong.
Spelling what out? You never proved any of your arguments but instead go off of hearsay and groundless opinion. The Bible doesn't have a direct verse on abortion and thus you need to just deal with it. I am sorry that you were wrong about it but you need to move past it.  There isn't a single statement mentioning individual gun ownership in the Constitution either. So guns are now unconstitutional?  Under your thinking yes..it would be.  Sigh...rasche is murder for Hebrew. Rasche is defined as unlawful killing judged harmful by the community. Unlawful strictly applies to mortal laws, not divine. Abortion isn't illegal. A woman's choice to abortion is supported by the majority within the community (i.e. America). So once again you guys fall flat on your faces.  Geez, I am not even a Christian and I know more about the Bible then you guys  obviously not,  you are stating that if the opinion of the community changes then Gods view on abortion changes. This is not the case. You are just getting random facts from "religioustolerance.org" without even knowing if what they say is right or not.  http://www.biblestudy.org/question/notkill.html is a site offering another "side" to the story.   This is amusing though Linus...keep it up
Goodness, if you fools believe your god is against killing then that applies to criminals and war as well. Geez, stop cookie cutting your way through the Bible and making exceptions and excuses when your precious first born baby killing god demands that you can't support it.  Start acting like real Christians and learn to deal with it.  We are just talking about God's views on abortion....I don't understand your point? God is just in everything he does...so if he kills a bunch of first born babies then he is Just in doing so.
No. It doesn't. You are just forging links and it is starting to look depserate and sloppy.  Sloppy Joe Sloppy, Sloppy Joe Sloppy Joe Sloppy Sloppy Joe. You are living in lunch lady land.  Here is an obvious link. We have seen that in the Bible, people are viewed as persons while in the womb. We have also seen that murder is unlawful. Conlusion: Murder of those persons in the womb is unlawful. How hard is that?  I am not here to prove your points. That is your job.  Points have been proven.  Never. However if we had to guess I would think abortion was permitted in Hebrew society.  Guess all day long if you want. You are waisting your time cause it is black and white.
Linus, when it comes to abortion have you ever considered you might be wrong?  What is the harm in denying a woman and abortion because she has a headache or had a bad night?
I see you are living in redundancy land...where apparently if you say the same time long enough it becomes a truth. All you did was re-write the same argument but vomited it out before but this time using different words. Abortion is not unlawful. You haven't even proven it as such yet. Keep trying...I see you are at the end of the line here. Well, truth is truth no matter how many times you say it.  We are discussing what the Bible says about the issue of abortion not what you or I or augustine or the pope or anyone else says about it. We have proven that it is Biblical to say that abortion/murder of the person in the womb is unlawful. That means that the Biblical and true Christian stance on the issue of abortion is that it is unlawful.   Linus, I dont understand. The actual words have been given to you. Yet you ignore them. If you have a point to prove then prove. Or if you already feel you have, show me where you have proven that it is not Biblical to say that abortion is wrong.
[QUOTE=Linus]Absolutely, for many years I use to be pro-life until I realized that position was hollow of reason and logic. Now that I have become pro-choice I found that was lied/misguided alot by the previous movement.  You people have no idea how much your leaders lie to you. Nor how much is critically censored. Or how they screw you over.  It has been +30 some years and you people still give money to the GOP for their lip service against abortion. And none of you are outraged by it.    t has been +30 some years and you people still give money to the GOP for their lip service against abortion. And none of you are outraged by it.   Just let the judges that president Bush nominated and you just might not be so cynical.......    I don't understand your question. Why is it only applying to women with just headaches and bad nights? Last time I checked abortion was legal for all women.   Because a lot of women get abortions for convenience......
I don't understand your question. Why is it only applying to women with just headaches and bad nights? Last time I checked abortion was legal for all women.  I think that maybe the point is that because of the way the courts have defined "the woman's health" that an abortion can be performed for any reason at all and for no reason at all.
It appears what you said, Linus, was answered by others so I will only respond to the following...  Only under your thinking. Apparently you believe rights cannot be implied through the constitution...even though the Supreme Court disagrees with this.   We weren't talking about my thinking now were we. I am asking if you believe that the constitution says the word abortion? You claim the Bible never talks about abortion and therefore you can't say God thinks it is wrong. Well using that logic you would say that banning abortion is not unconstitutional because it never mentions the word abortion. Is this what you think?
Linus, don't forget about my post here. I know things can get a bit messy on these boards and it is easy to miss something.
However, it doesn't matter and I asked specifically for a verse directly on abortion. You can mix two, three, four or even hundreds so you can boil it down to a single message but it still comes down to the fact a direct verse would only involve one passage. This is all I asked for and having read the Bible myself I expect you'll never find something that doesn't exist.  Nice try though. Suppose Jim wants to do the following: take his newborn infant, and with a knife cut off its fingers and toes. Then he decides he wants to cut off its legs and its arms. Being a good Christian though, Jim wants to find out what the Bible has to say about this particular action. He decides that he needs direct evidence that this action is wrong, therefore he will need to find one verse that specifically says this particular action is wrong.  Well, Jim read through the Bible, and found no direct reference to this action. Since he can find none, his action must not be wrong. No, stronger. Since there is no verse that directly states this particular action to be wrong, then the Bible actually says this action is right.  Something is wrong with Jim's logic, shall we try and find out what it is?
I don't think it is the point at all...I think it is just his shot at defacing the seriousness of having an unwanted pregnany. I guess by this statement you are defacing and trivializing the seriousness of a wanted pregnancy, seeing how you only think pregnancy is serious if it is unwanted.
Rashach  : To murder, slay.  I don't know where you get something differently.  I also want to revist the Exodus passage where you said the following: You mean Exodus 21:22-23 and you are using a contemporary translation of it...not tradition. The traditional interpretation of this text, which even rabbinical scholars accepted for thousands of years, is this: if a man hurts a woman enough to cause a miscarriage, he reciprocates according to how much injury he caused her, i.e., an eye for an eye, etc. However, if the miscarriage resulted in no injury to the woman, then all the assailant had to pay was a monetary fine. The fact that the Bible does not equate the assailant's life with the stillborn's life is proof that the Bible does not count the fetus as a person. Further more we should have found replications of your contemporary translation since the copying of laws in the Middle East was widespread. Instead, the Assyrians, Hittites, Sumerians, Babylonians, Hammurapi and Eshnunna all have similar laws that go according to the traditional interpretation of it.  Lastly, if a woman gave birth "prematurely" back in Biblical ages it would have resulted in the birth of a stillborn. Saving premature babies is an achievement of modern science. Not God.   After looking up some stuff I found out that miscarriage is not used. Yatsa is the word that is commonly misused to mean miscarriage while here is means to give birth. This is clear because later on the writter refers to a miscarriage using the word shakal. So in conclusion we can determine this quote to mean you can't kill the baby inside the mother. For a further explanation of this I have found a link that kinda says this :)  http://65.108.250.230/Exodus_21_22.htm   Your movement is weak. Keep voting GOP, keep voting for failure. Us liberals are counting on it.   Liberals are losing a lot these days.  Every theologian agrees that abortion is never mentioned in the Bible   Every one of them? You have read and understand every theologians in the world (including France, Spain, South Africa, etc) and have concluded that abortion is not mentioned? Way to beg the question.
You know if the woman's right was the only thing involved here I could care what she did..  But come on people, wake up and smell the roses..There is a breathing, living human being here that is involved...  Why do the people on the left think this infant has no rights?
Apologist logic...people commonly use to this defense to excuse psychopaths from their crimes. Because we can't understand we cannot judge. And pro-choicers use it to when they believe men's opinions are irrelevant on the issue because they'll never be pregnant.  No human being can judge the complete motives of another and by your logic we should let all criminals free.  Your comment is weak of morality. No it isn't. I clearly said God is just in everything He does, not that men are just in everything they do. When we are talking about what the Bible says about something, we assume the entire Bible. Thus it is impossible to refute my claim, on Biblical grounds, that God is just in everything He does.  More me to judge your god is to imply just that...I can judge. If you want to search for hidden meanings then be my guest but you are just utilizing the fallacy of attacking the messenger instead of the message. I have shown that for you to judge God is to in fact claim that you know more than God. The only way you could be right in saying this is if you know more than He does. This thread is arguing on Biblical grounds, that is, what the Bible says; and as such, it is again impossible to refute my claim.
 The constitution is not read by what it says at face value alone but also what it insists. If you wanted to argue about something being constitutional without the opinions of the Supreme Court justices then so be it...however that isn't the case. Abortion is not mentioned in the constitution and neither is individual gun ownership...they are implied rights.  You fatally decided to pigeonhole yourselves into a book that says nothing about abortion and then pretend to be the same theologians you ruled out as irrelevant to this topic. If you want to introduce the opinions of theologians into the argument then be my guest...but you are already dead in the water because the Christian institution has been supporting abortion for hundreds of years. Christianity doesn't have a consistent message to stand on when comes to abortion.  Play theologian all you want but you have already proven the Bible is silent on abortion with the tactics you adopted.   The constitution says nothing about abortion either. How are they implied rights? Maybe the Bible implies that you can't do abortion? In case you forgot you said "abortion is not mentioned in the Bible therefore it is ok"...so I asked if you believed banning abortion is unconsitutional...you never really answered but if you said YES then you would be inconsistent in your views because the constitution never mentinos the word abortion at all...if you can't imply abortion in the Bible how can you in the constitution?  I still don't see your point about Christians supporting abortion for hundreds of years...THey supported slavery too and this was against the Bible. I go by the Bible and it says you can't murder a person and also says a fetus is a person. Not only that, in Exodus it says if you kill the unborn you pay the price as if you murdered. So silent on abortion? No. Have you proven the Bible is silent? Not even close. Keep working at it.
what do you not understand about no exceptions? The 10 commandements simply states "thou shall not kill." To support killing of specific groups while attacking someone for supporting the killing of another while citing the 10 commandements makes them a flaming hypocrite.   The 10 commandments, properly translated from the original Hebrew and Greek, says thou shall not "murder" and their is a difference. Killing, such as in war or capital punishment, is justified and is NOT murder. God himself set up this standard. Think about it, he wrote 10 commandments, yet he sent the Hebrews to war, and set up a system of kinsmen redeemers, to punish murderers by death.   Again, what do you not understand about no exceptions? I asked for where the 10 commandements has exceptions. Neither of you could list it. The fallacy doesn't work. It doesn't matter about the accusation! Thou shall not kill is not a subjective application. Thou shall not killn anyone.    (See earlier post for ample refutation)  Maybe you should take the time, to understand a situation FULLY, before you start accusing people of hypocrisy.
I do not believe in imposing morality and I do not believe that is the purpose of the law. The law is to keep order and to protect individual rights and freedoms. The issue with abortion is whether you find the mother's or the fetus' more important. The law itself is a moral code. The law sets a moral standard by which we are to live. Whether that is its purpose or not is neither here nor there. The purpose may be to protect individual rights and freedoms, but it does this through imposing moral rules on people.
Third trimester abortion was struck down, and I don't see anything in the consituation which grants rights to fetuses. I don't see anything in the constitution which grants a women the right to have an abortion. As for the fetus...if it is considered a person it has rights. Gets down to what is a person? Is it DNA? Is it not connected to someone else? Is it 7 months old? The second one I have a heard time believing because concoined twins are connected and they are both people.    And you can be a cold-blooded murderer and still be a Christian. You can dance at a pagan fire and still be a Christian. Action does not negate faith - although it can make it empty.  I guess you can call yourself a Christian..this is true. However, I mean you can actually BE one. There really is only one way to BE a true Christian. I can call myself President but I am not :(.
A Christian can not support abortion, nor can a Christian support a political canditate who supports abortion. Thus, the death of the Democratic party. This simple truth among many others explains the demise of a formerly great political party. May it rest in peace. emoticon_xangel
To be a Christian you must believe Jesus is the way to God and believe in God/Jesus. One can't believe in Jesus if he doesn't practice what he has done. So if you kill thousand of people and find nothing wrong with this but believe in Jesus and God you not only don't truely believe but you have broken Gods word without asking for forgivness.  As for President Bush. I guess he does have dead people on his watch. So did President Truman. I would have to guess this is the hardest thing for a president to do. That is between him and God though.
Maybe you should take the time, to understand a situation FULLY before defending a idiot. You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups. Could you provide some evidence of this, i.e., post one or two things where VOR has said these things?
I believe I already have. I gave a list of VOR's history. Most people were too lazy to use it. Duo, we have been over such claims in the past. You cannot assume that everyone in this particular thread knows anything about your past posts. You have come to this conclusion yourself in earlier thread. Let me refresh your memory:  In a thread about partial birth abortion, you clearly did not state your position, but assumed that people knew everything about what you thought about the issue. When I showed you that this is a bad assumption, you came to the following conclusion:  I can live with that. I now know I cannot assume anything more then the basic knowledge of the audience. (interested parties can view the whole echange here)  Are the people on this thread supposed to believe VOR is a hypocrite, or that VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups, merely because you say so? I think not. Do you think that your assurance that you have posted such statements in the past will give your claim in this thread the necessary weight to prevail upon a third party? I think not.  I do not think it a difficult thing to request you to back up your statement with two or three measly posts of VOR's that prove your point. If VOR has made so many of these statements, surely it isn't too difficult to enlighten all of us to these claims by posting a few of them, or posting a link to the post where you pointed all of these things out.  Most people were too lazy to use it.  Hogwash. You're too lazy to back up your claim.
Duo, we have been over such claims in the past. You cannot assume that everyone in this particular thread knows anything about your past posts. You have come to this conclusion yourself in earlier thread. Let me refresh your memory:  In a thread about partial birth abortion, you clearly did not state your position, but assumed that people knew everything about what you thought about the issue. When I showed you that this is a bad assumption, you came to the following conclusion:   (interested parties can view the whole echange here)  Are the people on this thread supposed to believe VOR is a hypocrite, or that VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups, merely because you say so? I think not. Do you think that your assurance that you have posted such statements in the past will give your claim in this thread the necessary weight to prevail upon a third party? I think not.  I do not think it a difficult thing to request you to back up your statement with two or three measly posts of VOR's that prove your point. If VOR has made so many of these statements, surely it isn't too difficult to enlighten all of us to these claims by posting a few of them, or posting a link to the post where you pointed all of these things out.   Hogwash. You're too lazy to back up your claim.  I have known Duo for almost 2 years and he does the same thing in every forum.....He thinks he knows a lot about me but he knows nothing.....  Thank you for your support but I mostly just ignore him.....I know he hates to be called "Little Man"......I think its because he is probably about the size of Mickey Rooney.......... :) ..
I repetively posted the search link to VOr's past posts.   Your argument is entirely the fallacy of argument via laziness. Where is this mysterious post Duo? I have refuted your claim of laziness in the following posts: this one, this one, and this one.  You see Duo, I am not the lazy one, as I have clearly shown here. I make a claim and then I back it up with evidence. And it is because you make such claims that "Cone is just lazy" that I am inclined not to believe your statement that "VOR is a hypocrite." Why you might ask? Because I have proven that your "lazy claim" is outright false. If you are wrong about this, why should I think you are right about VOR?  Thus, your claim that "VOR is a hypocrite" is simply a "because I say so" argument. Now, let me refresh your memory about what you think about these types of arguments:   I say so arguments...Do any of you actually think those work?  Can you be more specific?  An example such as when asked to back a claim, one replies but because the universal laws of morality set forth by the Creator say so. or This is wrong in all circumstances...I recognize no exception. Essentially it's the same thing, such a statment is debate-wise worthless because it has the same amount of proof as a literal "because i say so."  You claimed that he could not / would not consistently apply a moral rule anywhere, and as such he couldn't name an absolute. He responded that he could, and proceeded to do so.  he did not prove it. In fact when asked to deal with the exceptions, he resorted to "I claim this" and doesn't go on and still sticks to the absolute in the face of holes in his argument. It's a I say so argument and it doesn't prove anything. (interested parties can view this entire exchange here   So far on this topic, your argument is an "i say so" argument. This type of argument, according to your own words, i say so arguments "don\'t prove anything." I have repeatedly asked for evidence supporting your claim about VOR, and you repeatedly reply with "because I say so." Apparenlty when someone else uses these types of arguments, they prove nothing. But when you use these types of arguments, they prove everything. Now, I am inclined to believe that someone on these boards is indeed a hypocrite...and it isn\'t VOR.  Funny. Why is it that everything I said about you has been proven true?  You\'re a coward when it comes to defending your positions. You haven\'t been in the military at all. Virtually every prophecy you say is false. You flip flop like Bush and Kerry. You don\'t know anything about liberalism or conservatism. You call everyone who disagrees with you a liberal. The list goes on and on. Not to mention you\'re a 13 year old from Florida. Why is this true? Because you say so? Duo, you are not helping yourself at all.
I find it interesting how you are using the fraudlent argument of changing the subject to get around the fact that you are too lazy to actually find the link I posted 4 times that shows VOR\'s history.   While you may not have been lazy there, you are clearly using the fallacy of argument via laziness here. Why? Because you say so?  I\'m not moving from how I gave numerous times the link to his past and how you now refuse to use them. Changing the subject doesn\'t work if the other person isn\'t going to along with it. I suggest you abandon the futile effort as I understand how to get around the fallacy, if not just ignore it and keep hammering the intitial point. Hypocrite, flat out, hypocrite.
call me names all you want. It\'s not my fault you are too inherently lazy to click on a link I provided many times. After all, I provided the means, I cannot force you to look. Is someone cranky that I called the fallacy before you could use it to gain a advantage? Don\'t worry, that happens alot. When a argument is primarily based upon a fraudulent means, the user often gets very irrated when the foundation is suddenly pulled out from them and the argument crumbles like a house of cards. Don\'t feel bad. As such, your argument is still a "because I say so." Because of this, I have clearly pointed out that you are a hypocrite. Not only that, but by your own words, you have called yourself one. Why should I listen to anything else that you say?  Besides, keep defending VOR, it won\'t be my problem when you support someone who has no grasp of political ideologies, financial systems, or history in general. I have not tried to defend anything, except possibly your reputation. I have asked you to provide evidence for your claim that VOR is a hypocrite so that you could avoid being called what you call him. But by your refusal to provide this "so-called evidence," and that\'s all it is at this point, I have shown that you have effectively called yourself a hypocrite. This settles itslef if you just back your claim up.  I must say though, it has been a while since I\'ve seen a argument entirely based upon a single fallacy. But I suppose that is because of your lack of expierence with them. If one is going to base their argument on a fallacious method, they normally do so using a few, as to guard aganist what just occured to yours. One or two can be pulled out, but as a whole the argument is still alive. You cannot get around the fact that you, by your own words, have called yourself a hypocrite. How does that feel? Woops, I might have just committed the fallacy of telling the truth. Shame on me.
On the contary, the posts are there for you to find. Merely because you are too lazy to find (easily) the many posts where I linked his past doesn't make my arguments "because I say so." Your laziness doesn't make me wrong. My laziness doesn't make you wrong, but your laziness makes your right? Interesting.  Keep telling yourself that. I don't need to. You do a fine job of telling me yourself.  You don't. You never had to in the first place. Still, you're laziness doesn't make me wrong. My laziness doesn't make you wrong, but your laziness makes you right? Interesting.  Why must I do what I have already done on 40 different threads? Because someone has asked for it. Besides, if you've done it on 40 different threads, then it shouldn't be too hard to make it 41 threads.  Very amusing. This is just my advice: learn what a fallacy is before contesting it. Fallacy schmallacy.  Still though, you have provided me with some amusement. Call me what you wish, it doesn't change the fact that your laziness doesn't make me wrong And your laziness doesn't make you right.
Duo,  The ONE link you provided to show that VOR is a hypocrite was a link to whistlestopper.com  If you honestly believe that he is a hypocrite then give us an exact page of posts that show this. We don't have time to read the last 500,000 posts on that website to see whether or not he is a hypocrite. So either you back up your claim or we will just assume he is not a hypocrite. At the same time we will assume that in the event you try to call someone out again, you will have no credibility because all you have done is smear him without providing proof. How you like if I said you are a hypocrite and the proof is here..www.4forums.com. This makes no sense.  Stop calling people hypocrites with no backing!!! You just make yourself look bad.  For those wondering....Duo has posted the word "hypocrite" in 21 threads and some 35 posts most if not all WITHOUT ANY PROOF.  Here are some examples of you calling VOR a hypocrite without backing  it up with anything more then a general link and none of these even had a link to prove he is a hypocrite:  Oh yes, it's because you're a hypocrite Class after me: VOR is a HYPOCRITE  Voice of treason is a HYP-O-CR-ITE  Then you are a hypocrite as you attacked Daewoo as a Bush hater merely because one Then you have no problem voiding straight marriages that engage in anal?   hypocrite. He is a lying hypocrite. Would you get me banned if I proved you had lied? Except VOR, you said that polls don't matter.   Oh yes, that's because you are a lying hypocrite.    AND THAT IS NOT EVEN ALL OF THEM!!!!
You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups. You have yet to back this claim up with any evidence whatsoever. Prove this point, or recant the accusation.
Actually, I read all of the things were you called VOR a hypocrite and not ONE time did you actually prove so. In fact most of the time you just said he was a hypocrite. There was nothing that VOR said that hypocritical.
this is your entire post:     Why do liberals always resort to personal attacks? Why are they so angry? Oh wait I know why.......Republicans control the Presidency, both houses of congress, and most governorships.....  I guess I would be angry to if my party was so far down the food chain......   Huh. Explain why you call people Bush haters and use personal attacks yourself when you're running out of ammo?  Oh yes, it's because you're a hypocrite.  I'm Voice of Treason, i can call people all the horrible names I want, but the minute they say ONE bad thing about me, I whine like a little girl about how it;'s so unfair and how they are meanies!   Now your claim here was he was a hypocrite because he called people bush haters and yet he doesn't like personal attacks. I see no where in the first 6 pages of that thread were he personally attacked someone. Would you care to care to show me? Otherwise, we still need proof or your claim are false as stated in my big post.
VOR may never well be a hypocrite, however, just stating a link that has no posts on it and making us do a search is not gonna cut it. There is no reason for me to do a search because I am going to assume he is not a hypocrite. YOU are the one calling him out so YOU gotta provide the evidence. Until then, just shut up about him being a hypocrite when you aren't proving it!  We have gotten so off topic here
Cone: no. I'm not going to recant something you are too lazy to check.  You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups. I have looked for quite some time for your asserted evidence that this is true. I looked for places he directly said this, and I've looked for the four posts you claim to prove it. I have not found them.  Now, you keep saying this proof is easliy available. Yet it is non-existent. You have already proved yourself to be a hypocrite today, do you insisit on proving yourself a liar too?  I'm going to make VOR's life as unpleasant as possible. It is quite clear neither of you two have dealt with him enough to realize that defending him is stupid. Of course, you two are on the end of the curve as a number of people have realized that to do such is utterly retarded. I'm not defending VOR. I'm dismissing your infantile "I know you are but what am I?" rhetoric.
can't view the second link because I don't have a name.  Also, is calling you a BUSH HATER twice a personal attack? I didn't see you saying it was untrue and a personal attack.
dude, I can't do anything in that link...so I don't know anything that is in there....  However, VOR did have somewhat of a personal attack and then said liberals resort to personal attacks...is this hypocritical? Well maybe...he never said personal attacks are that bad although it was implied. I don't know if this is enough to prove someone is a hypocrite however atleast you are providing some evidence now.  However, this is the FIRST time you provided some evidence...while at the same time you said that "because I say so" arguements are no good. Yet before now you have used "because I say so" arguements...THis could be seen as being a hypocrite.  The point is, we all can be hypocritical at times without meaning to be. Don't bash on him unless it is very obvious and consistent.
Wow, this really got off-topic. Enough with whether so-and-so is a hypocrite, right, wrong, whatever. Let's get back to whether a Christian can support abortion.  First off I would like to say that I don't hink you have to even follow the bible exactly to be a Christian. You have to believe in Jesus and God, right? So if you believe that they created you but didn't write the bible or that they were wrong you can still be a Christian. You want to talk about murder and God? If he really said "thou shalt not kill (or murder or whatever)" then what about all the innocent civilians in wars that get killed? They are innocent and were murdered so the people in the military must be against the bible and thus not Christian.  God certainly did enough killing or innocents, so he is a hypocrite even if he was just. The commandment says you shouldn't kill. The world's corrupt, let's just kill everyone besides one family, the rest are pure evil and don't deserve to live. Meanwhile today there are serial killers and rapists that are still alive and free. Why doesn't he kill them?  I'm not sure but I don't think I know one person who is a woman who's been pregnant and been pro-life. Not saying there aren't, just don't know any.  Believing in God doesn't cut it...You have to believe in his Word and what he does. So if you murder 1millino people but believe in God...this wouldnt make you a Christian.  and the commandment is thou shall not murder...get it right :p
VOR may never well be a hypocrite, however, just stating a link that has no posts on it and making us do a search is not gonna cut it. There is no reason for me to do a search because I am going to assume he is not a hypocrite. YOU are the one calling him out so YOU gotta provide the evidence. Until then, just shut up about him being a hypocrite when you aren't proving it!  We have gotten so off topic here  Steeeve, little man just can't stand the truth......Calling my liberal friends Bush haters is not calling them names because its the truth......Liberal like little man hate this president so much that there is nothing he could ever say or do to satisfy them short of him dying.........That is the sad part.........
lol, I still don't know if Bush Hater is a personal attack..it is like calling someone a liberal. A personal attack would imply harm wanting to be done by calling someone that. Never the less we will assume it is a personal attack and that one piece of evidence shows he is a hypocrite...My post above still stands though. THis is the first time you have provided evidence thus before these posts it was "because I said so" arguements....
Must I do everything here?  http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?t=12829&highlight=bush+hater http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=223150&highlight=bush+hater#post223150 http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=173929&highlight=bush+hater#post173929 http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=173360&highlight=bush+hater#post173360 http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=150198&highlight=bush+hater#post150198 http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=106082&highlight=bush+hater#post106082 http://www.whistlestopper.com/forum/showthread.php?p=121629&highlight=bush+hater#post121629  That's less then 10% of the threads he's insulted people.     First of all, he can't prove it. Second he uses it when anyone criticizes Bush. Third he uses it as a way of questioning your real motives. Fourth he throws it at people he doesn't like.  think again steeve.  [url]http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=111305&postcount=15[/url ]   Little man I like everyone.............Peace be with you....... :)
Do you like me :)   lol calling him "little man" by the way is probably a personal attack :p....however, you both are personally attacking each other so I doubt everyone of you finds anything wrong with each of you personally attacking each other.
I said the link to his history is easily available. I see you move from fraud to fabrication. Again, I appear to have overstaimted your abilities. I now see I must spoon feed you and I cannot assume you will put any effort into anything. First of all, you said this: I believe I already have. I gave a list of VOR's history. Most people were too lazy to use it.  This clearly says a list, not a link. But this isn't what bothers me.  What bothers me is that you have yet to provide evidence of the following, gigantic claim: You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups. You have charged him with supporting murder. An accusation this large requires direct evidence. Up till now, the only direct evidence is your statement that it is true.  Sheesh you are guys are lazy.  No, if we were lazy, we would let you get by with making unfounded claims.
I wish you guys would let little man run his mouth........He does not bother me.........  Lets get back on topic.........  I think to be a Christian you have to do more then believe in Jesus Christ......You have to adhere to his teaching..............
Sheesh you are guys are lazy.  That is a personal attack right there!!! I am not lazy at all, I went back and found where you called VOR a hypocrite, read the posts, and determined that you had no where proved him to be a hypocrite...you just stated it. You then expect us to believe you that he is a hypocrite by searching threw another forum which most of us aren't members. Not only that, we would have to read every post made by VOR and the context it was in inorder to figure out whether or not he was a hypocrite. This is not gonna happen because you are the one that had to provide the evidence. You now have produced ONE example of him being a hypocrite..however, I have provided one example were YOU are a hypocrite, and in fact, I can provide one example that I am hypocrite if I looked hard enough.  So in a way, you are acting the way you claim VOR is acting. So is what VOR doing ok?
I wish you guys would let little man run his mouth........He does not bother me.........  Lets get back on topic.........  I think to be a Christian you have to do more then believe in Jesus Christ......You have to adhere to his teaching..............  It matters in that we don't let people get away with claims that are unfounded.
First off I would like to say that I don't hink you have to even follow the bible exactly to be a Christian. You have to believe in Jesus and God, right? So if you believe that they created you but didn't write the bible or that they were wrong you can still be a Christian. If you believe that Jesus was God, but don't believe the Bible is God's word, then you believe that Jesus can lie and still be God. 16 So He came to Nazareth, where He had been brought up. And as His custom was, He went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day, and stood up to read. 17 And He was handed the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when He had opened the book, He found the place where it was written: 18 "The Spirit of the LORD is upon Me,  Because He has anointed Me To preach the gospel to the poor; He has sent Me to heal the brokenhearted, To proclaim liberty to the captives  And recovery of sight to the blind, To set at liberty those who are oppressed;  19 To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD. ' 20 Then He closed the book, and gave it back to the attendant and sat down. And the eyes of all who were in the synagogue were fixed on Him. 21 And He began to say to them, "Today this Scripture is fulfilled in your hearing."  Jesus claimed He had fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah 61, thereby confirming the testimony of Isaiah as God's word. If Jesus lied, He was not God.  God certainly did enough killing or innocents, so he is a hypocrite even if he was just. The commandment says you shouldn't kill. The world's corrupt, let's just kill everyone besides one family, the rest are pure evil and don't deserve to live. Meanwhile today there are serial killers and rapists that are still alive and free. Why doesn't he kill them? God can kill anyone He wants because 1) The commandment says you shall not murder. 2) if God takes life justly, it follows that He did not murder.
WHOA. Have you seen Vor's arguments?   We are talking about yours..in fact you still haven't answered Cones question...  What bothers me is that you have yet to provide evidence of the following, gigantic claim:   You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups.     You have charged him with supporting murder. An accusation this large requires direct evidence. Up till now, the only direct evidence is your statement that it is true.
stop changing the subject man..we are talking about your unfounded claims right now.  I don't check every thread nor do I intend to...So, right now we are talking about your unfounded claim....Are you going to answer it? I will post it again.  Originally Posted by Cone What bothers me is that you have yet to provide evidence of the following, gigantic claim:    Quote: Originally Posted by Duo You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups.      You have charged him with supporting murder. An accusation this large requires direct evidence. Up till now, the only direct evidence is your statement that it is true.
nonon. your claim is truly ridiculous. It tops everything said here.   I haven't seen cone argue once that VOR was wrong. Even in his most INSANE arguments, especially the one that because a bill was one vote short that it has a hard time passing from now on. I haven;t seen you do that either. That's pretty selective. It appears you people are fully willing to let someone who is aganist abortion go off on insane arguments which have no facts but hold someone who supports abortion to that standard. Your claim should be changed to "we don't let people who support abortion say unfounded claims but people who don't can say anything they want, even itf it is obviously wrong in every obvious way."    You changed the subject again Duo. We are talking about your claims. We are talking about how you called VOR a hypocrite without posting evidence...you know have posted some evidence. THis would be against your thread about "because I say so" arguements. This means you might be a hypocrite, right? So in short, your claim was unfounded at the time (and is still questionable)....You also provided no support for your claim about VOR with regards to Cone's question.  Don't put things on someone else when you can't handle the questions.
nonon. your claim is truly ridiculous. It tops everything said here.   I haven't seen cone argue once that VOR was wrong. Even in his most INSANE arguments, especially the one that because a bill was one vote short that it has a hard time passing from now on. I haven;t seen you do that either. That's pretty selective. It appears you people are fully willing to let someone who is aganist abortion go off on insane arguments which have no facts but hold someone who supports abortion to that standard. Your claim should be changed to "we don't let people who support abortion say unfounded claims but people who don't can say anything they want, even itf it is obviously wrong in every obvious way."   Let's deal with the murder: he supports the death penalty which has executed 23 innocent people along with many others. Duo, my initial complaint had nothing to do with VOR, it had everything to do with a statement you made. You tried to back it up with other things that VOR said, but since these posts had nothing to do with your initial claim, there was no need for me to say anything about it. Essentially, you have done the following: VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors and pedophiliacs. To prove this, we'll give a post where he supports calling people names. Thus, I have proven that VOR supports name calling, therefore VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors and pedophiliacs. This is weak, weak, weak. I want evidence that shows VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors and pedophiliacs. This is the only claim that I have asked, and am still asking, you to back up.  You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups.  You have stated that 1) VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors and 2) the murder of pedophiliacs. This says nothing about his passive support of murder via the dath penalty. You gave evidence that he supports the death penalty, not the murder of abortion doctors of pedophiliacs.
why did you ignore the last part?   Besides, your claim is currently the most ridiculous here. And it's provable that it's false in all aspects.   LEt's see, VOr supports execution of drug dealers.  http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=108459&postcount=37  HOLY ****!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Here he supports execution of drug dealers who stand around schoolyards and sell drugs to kids. This only says he thinks that the penal law for drug dealers who stand around schoolyards and sell drugs to kids should reflect the death penalty. Not that he supports murder of drug dealers, abortion doctors, or pedophiliacs.  VOR supports executing women who abort. http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=104571&postcount=17  Well, I guess that proves my point. No, here he supports the execution of pregnant women convicted of murder, not women who support abortion, or abortion doctors, or pedophiliacs. It says a lot about his pro-life position that he thinks she should give birth before being executed.
alright, i may have been hasty in name specific groups. However, that doesn't mean he doesn't support the murder of others, as I have named.  very honorable of you to admit that :)  However, VOR never supported the murder of others..he said he supported the execution people that commited the crimes he mentioned. This is not murder(according to US law atleast).
I am not that religeous of a person but I consider the sex act that a homosexual commits as a sin just like adultery, incest, pedophilia or any other sin..............  I think religion tells you to love the sinner but to hate the sin..............  I dont see where VOR says those people should be murdered. So your claim is unfounded again.  Um, not really.   It is murder for the state to execute a innocent person?  he didn't say innocent person..he said people that commited those crimes that he stated.
I'd like to get back to your claim.   Your claim should be changed to "we don't let people who support abortion say unfounded claims but people who don't can say anything they want, even itf it is obviously wrong in every obvious way."  This is another claim that you provide no backing for....It is a "because you say so" arguement, which you are against (as stated by the thread you posted).  I will point out if I see a claim that is unfounded to me..it is that simple.
What is the punishment for such crimes as dictated in the bible?  DEATH. The Bible says X is wrong. VOR also thinks X is wrong. Therefore VOR must think X is wrong because the Bible says so. The Bible says X is punishible by death. VOR thinks action X is wrong because the Bible says so, therefore he thinks action X should be punishable by death because the Bible says so. ---------------------------------------------------- Therefore, VOR thinks X is punishable by death?????  That simply does not follow. The third and fifth premises are rather weak as it can not be implied, not from that single post anyway given: 1) VOR said "I am not that religeous of a person." 2) VOR said "I think religion tells you to love the sinner but to hate the sin."   Duo, this has been a hard and heated debate, yet I've enjoyed it...I hope there's no hard feelings though...
What? Now you're just lazy.   I haven't seen cone argue once that VOR was wrong. Even in his most INSANE arguments, especially the one that because a bill was one vote short that it has a hard time passing from now on. I haven;t seen you do that either. That's pretty selective. It appears you people are fully willing to let someone who is aganist abortion go off on insane arguments which have no facts but hold someone who supports abortion to that standard. Your claim should be changed to "we don't let people who support abortion say unfounded claims but people who don't can say anything they want, even itf it is obviously wrong in every obvious way."  If not reading every post on every thread is lazy then YES I am lazy. However, as said, if I see unfounded claims I will call it out. I have pointed out your unfounded claims so far. Will I miss some? Maybe! I can't read everything everyone writes. However, yours was called out and now I think you owe VOR an apology for making a claim about him that was untrue.
What? Now you're just lazy.   I haven't seen cone argue once that VOR was wrong. Even in his most INSANE arguments, especially the one that because a bill was one vote short that it has a hard time passing from now on. I haven;t seen you do that either. That's pretty selective. It appears you people are fully willing to let someone who is aganist abortion go off on insane arguments which have no facts but hold someone who supports abortion to that standard. Your claim should be changed to "we don't let people who support abortion say unfounded claims but people who don't can say anything they want, even itf it is obviously wrong in every obvious way." I mainly hang around the Abortion forum, as a quick view of my posts will show. Therefore, if VOR makes a claim in another forum, I am likely not to respond to it. If VOR makes such fanciful claims as you suggest he does in the abortion forum, and I see it, I'll be on top of that like a fly on dung.
He considers them the same as other sins which all have the same punishment. Why would he link a number of sins which all have death as the punishment? The sins he mentions have no real link to each other except how the bible deals with them. I'm still not certain this induction directly follows. Many people believe those actions to be sinful, yet they do not support a death sentence for those actions; the pope and many catholics being among the many.
I am not sure which one of my comments is false because of what Cone said....moreover, I am not sure what you mean by this:  Steeeeve! Dude, you've only pointed out like one or two of VOR's arguments as hugely problematic. He's created 16 threads and all of them have bad, unfounded arguments.  Is this another unfounded claim?
Duo,  What part of I DON'T READ EVERY THREAD do you not get? so I have posted to VOR's threads twice (which is sketchy because you searched using my wrong name). So I still don't see your point.  I call out unfounded claims when I see them...sometimes I don't need to see evidence of some stuff..however, such as today I wanted to see some evidence of VOR being a hypocrite because your claim was unfounded at that point. So what is your point?
Well, the Vatican now has a policy that is inherently anti-death penalty for anything. That wasn't so in the past.   There isn't anything linking the sins he mentions beyond a common punishment. Why would he consider the ones he specifically noted as the same?   Besides his claim goes a bit cooky. When he mentions any other, does he mean that he thinks homosexuality is on par with working on Sundays? I guess I'm just a bit cautious to try and induce what he really means. I will wait until he speaks on the issue before I think, infer, conclude, or imply what he thinks about it. For me to do so is to say, "I think VOR would say this" which is obviously different then saying "VOR said this." I certainly desire others to afford my posts this courtesy, therefore, I try to afford it to everyone as well, no matter how much I might disagree them.
Or you believe that God/Jesus didn't write the bible but man did. This is a common belief, though I disagree with it. And since this thread is about what the Bible says, it really isn't necessary to settle this question.  I never claimed that he did, I am saying that many people murder such as serial killers yet he doesn't punish them, he punished EVERYONE with the flood. Was EVERYONE worse than these serial killers? I don't think so. "Will the fault finder contend with the Almighty?" Read Job. 38-41.  This quote is one of the reason I don't agree with Christianity. When you have a ruler that by definition is always just I don't like it. Too much authority. He could say that you have to eat your children and it would be considered just. First of all, the thread is about what the Bible says, so my quote is not refutable on biblical grounds. Secondly, you don't believe the Bible is God's word because you don't like what it says?  Also someone earlier brought up finding anything you want to in the bible. Someone mentioned that the bible promoted homosexuality because it says "love thy neighbor" and maybe I want to go love my neighbor. They've used it to justify wars against innocent people (they weren't Christian, that was their only "crime"), they've used it to execute "witches" and other stuff like that. Politicians use it to justify wars all the time (in fact Bush said that "God told me to strike Al Quadea and I did, then he told me to strike Iraq, and I did"). You can twist and bend verses of the bible any way you want which is the problem. While you say that it states that fetuses are babies and murder is a sin but many also use the bible to claim that women should be inferior to men. They use it to justify their actions every which way and that's why the bible being so vague is a bad idea. If only they had written the word abortion or had an appendix at the end defining murder we'd know but unless there is a direct mention about abortion all you can take is an educated guess. People already admit that we can't comprehend God, how can we comprehend what he meant with 2 separate verses? Maybe he used different logic than us. With God you never know, that's why I like to stick with what I do know. That people have abused the Bible cannot be denied. This does not show that the Bible can't be understood in a sound, consistent way. You again in this quote assume that the Bible is the word of man, not the word of God. I, on the other hand, believe the Bible speaks clearly on every moral issue past, present, and future. How could it do such a thing? 16 All Scripture is inspired by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, for training in righteousness; 17 so that the man of God may be adequate, equipped for every good work. 
Currently play C is in action. Merely link arguments which have in the past refuted his claims and archive his contiunal web of lies and contridictions. It removes the effort we put into refuting him by merely citing past work. Basically it lowers the energy problem. It is quite clear he puts litterally no thought or effort into his arguments, and to refute him requires a extensive point by point. therefore by merely citing something that has already refuted his rehashed arguments the energy expenditure is now even. We can now fight him without wasting time. Simply copy paste and his argument is refuted.   You would think after three people have told you that you are just name calling and not making any arguements that you would just say "ok, I won't do that anymore"....but no, you try to refute all of us. I didn't quote badly because I was just pointing out where you said he was a hypocrite...In all those links you provided no quote and provided no contradiction of any kind. Try this plan:  Make a claim..say--< I believe VOR is being hypocritical in this statement "<insert statement here<"...  Show evidence of this claim--<using these posts:  "<post 1 showing one position<" "<post 2 showing another position on the same thing<" This is a simply easy way to do so. Before hand you just did the following:  "VOR is a hypocrite because he said you can murder"  ...well thats nice, but you didnt provide any evidence of that and don't expect us to keep tabs on what everyone said. So take the advice given to you by all sides of these forums and stop with the lame posts. You know a simple "thank you" woulda been nice instead of trying to refute Zachvac, Cone, and myself.
In the first three you imply that VOR thinks saying someone is a "Bush Hater" is an insult. Where does VOR say this is an insult? If so, he would be a hypocrite, however, from further reading of them, I don't think he was using as an insult at all. I will say calling you "little man" is an insult and probably has more backing for calling him a hypocrite. However, if I find a link from you saying that name calling is bad then you would be guilty of the same thing right?  Vor is a hypocrite because he talks about how gay's behavior is a reason they are unnaturla and thereofre should not be allowed to marry. He neglects the fact that striaghts engage in the same behavior. To argue that it is wrong because of A yet this group can even if they do the same is hypocritical.    You implied that VOR DOESN'T believe in "voiding straight marriages that engage in anal"...however you have no provided no evidence to show his views on anal sex with regards to straight marriages. Therefore how can you call him a hypocrite?  Vor is a hypocrite because during the elections he repetively said that polls don't matter at all about anything. Yet here he clearly states they do.  In your post you provided no evidence of what he said about polls. Thus your claim was unfounded which is what we are saying you do. If this was true you should of posted a place where he(VOR) said that polls don't matter. Otherwise, like I said, your claim is unfounded.   Vor is a hypocrite because he ignores that straights behave in similar manners that he find offensive in gay behaviors.    You didn't even come close to providing proof here...In fact, VOR (in the post you quoted him) never said anything about his opinion...he said some people think...this by no means shows his beleifs. So why did you try and call him a hypocrite on it? You once again made an unfounded claim.   As for your last link...it goes along with the your first link I believe except you added this: AS for your military service: VOR isn't even old enough to enlist  STOP LYING  you provided NO proof whatsoever of VORs age and/or enlistment statis in the military. This would be another example of an unfounded claim.  Lets add them up: At BEST:  VOR being a hypocrite provided with facts: 1 Unfounded claims by Duo: 4  Duo, come on now.
why MUST I DO EVERYTHING?   http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=111324&postcount=18  Vor is a hypocrite because he has used personal attacks aganist others yet cries foul when they are used aganist him.   http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=110870&postcount=38  Vor is a hypocrite because he talks about how they resort to personal attacks instead of addressing the issue, nevermind the fact that he does the same thing.   http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=109384&postcount=30  Vor is a hypocrite because he talks about how gay's behavior is a reason they are unnaturla and thereofre should not be allowed to marry. He neglects the fact that striaghts engage in the same behavior. To argue that it is wrong because of A yet this group can even if they do the same is hypocritical.   http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=107554&postcount=12  Vor is a hypocrite because during the elections he repetively said that polls don't matter at all about anything. Yet here he clearly states they do.   http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=106066&postcount=61  Vor is a hypocrite because he ignores that straights behave in similar manners that he find offensive in gay behaviors.   http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=105649&postcount=53  Vor is a hypocrite because calling someone a insult because they disagree with you is wrong. Nevermind the fact he does it himself.  DO I NEED TO GO ON?  This is why you don't remove context. Because it is IMPORANT to figuring out how something applies.   I love you too little man...... :) I will have to check you out from my ISP from Florida that is in Port Orchard Washington...........  You really need to get a life little man and get over your fixation on me..........  Now can we please get vack to the subject of this thread???? Thank you.......
haha, I know the grass is green, the sky is blue, and the water is cool and I wouldn't agrue on that. However, you were claiming VOR was a hypocrite to which no one knew anything about VOR. So why should we have taken your word for it? Lets assume I had no idea that grass was green because I had never seen grass....If you just came on and said "grass is green", they I would have said you claim is unfounded.  Nevertheless, claiming someone is a hypocrite is probably requires more evidence then a simple claim like the grass is green as it is a personal attack. It seems all of your posts when you quote VOR include that he is a hypocrite and yet you refuse to provide evidence in all of them. So, I got tired of your unfounded claims and decided to call you out on them. If you simply provide evidence to back your claims then it wouldn't be a big deal now would it? However, you have yet to provide evidence for your unfounded claims. If they are YOUR claim YOU should provide the evidence...not me. So call me lazy all you want but it appears many people see the way I do (zachvac and cone as shown in this thread).   In conclusion,  You can make unfounded claims about people all you want, however, it doesn't make them true and in the end you look like a fool. Just take our advice and post evidence to back your claims about other people on the forum.  For those just joining us: Don't by any means think that Duo (or anyone) has done anything wrong or has been proven wrong. We are just simply telling him to ground his claims in provided evidence so they don't look like "because I said so" arguements..
haha, I know the grass is green, the sky is blue, and the water is cool and I wouldn't agrue on that. However, you were claiming VOR was a hypocrite to which no one knew anything about VOR. So why should we have taken your word for it? Lets assume I had no idea that grass was green because I had never seen grass....If you just came on and said "grass is green", they I would have said you claim is unfounded.  Nevertheless, claiming someone is a hypocrite is probably requires more evidence then a simple claim like the grass is green as it is a personal attack. It seems all of your posts when you quote VOR include that he is a hypocrite and yet you refuse to provide evidence in all of them. So, I got tired of your unfounded claims and decided to call you out on them. If you simply provide evidence to back your claims then it wouldn't be a big deal now would it? However, you have yet to provide evidence for your unfounded claims. If they are YOUR claim YOU should provide the evidence...not me. So call me lazy all you want but it appears many people see the way I do (zachvac and cone as shown in this thread).   In conclusion,  You can make unfounded claims about people all you want, however, it doesn't make them true and in the end you look like a fool. Just take our advice and post evidence to back your claims about other people on the forum.  For those just joining us: Don't by any means think that Duo (or anyone) has done anything wrong or has been proven wrong. We are just simply telling him to ground his claims in provided evidence so they don't look like "because I said so" arguements..  Steeeve, let it go..............He will never stop.......
Very well then VOR...Since it is about you and you have asked...I will end it and let it be known that any post about the previous subject will be disregarded.  Back to the topic at hand...I don't know where we left off so lets just pick it up by saying:   A Christian is one who believes in God, Jesus, and God's Word (the Bible).
I will end it and let it be known that any post about the previous subject will be disregarded
Very well then VOR...Since it is about you and you have asked...I will end it and let it be known that any post about the previous subject will be disregarded.  Back to the topic at hand...I don't know where we left off so lets just pick it up by saying:   A Christian is one who believes in God, Jesus, and God's Word (the Bible).   DUPLICATE POST...........
Very well then VOR...Since it is about you and you have asked...I will end it and let it be known that any post about the previous subject will be disregarded.  Back to the topic at hand...I don't know where we left off so lets just pick it up by saying:   A Christian is one who believes in God, Jesus, and God's Word (the Bible).  Thanks Steeeve, I appreciate it..Let him rant and rave...........
Why do you think democrats use abortion as the litmus test in elections? How did that one work out for them?
Because you use contemporary Hebrew...not classic, which is hundreds of years outdated like Old English. The grammar and definition have changed for many words in Hebrew since the reestablishment of Israel. Understandably, the community part would be dropped off so rashach would sound similar to the more accepted definition of murder.  However splitting hairs isn't going to do you any good either. Because you say so right? Everywhere I looked it said that word (which you even spelt wrong making it harder to look up) means murder and not kill...this was because they had another word for kill. Would you like to post a credible site that states otherwise?  Your site is just using the regular old contemporary translation of Exodus 21 that I pointed out earlier. For thousands of years Rabbis translated it as this; if a woman is injured then it is an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a life for a life. If the fetus is injured then it is only a small crime that and those responsible must pay a fine according to the father. As such, even such a law was reflective in all other surrounding cultures.  You don't have to go far into Judaism to see that Jewish culture didn't really cherish fetal life since an embryo is not reckoned a viable living thing (in Hebrew, bar kayama). Even the phrase adopted to "unborn children" is ubar yerech imo-- which deems the fetus as being part of the pregnant woman's body. If the webmaster to your site wants to play history revisionist because he thinks Exodus 21 should be interpreted differently from the way it has been done traditionally for many centuries then so be it. It doesn't change history or the original interpretation. And yet it still doesn't say anything against abortion.  Try again.   I actually got it from a number of sites. It doesn't matter how rabbis translated it for many years as it still shows that the Exodus 21 phrase doesn't translate into miscarriage as you claimed earlier. Not only this...it can only have one meaning which doesn't change and since you have provided no evidence to contradict what I said it is just what you think.  No, even if the Jews had translated it as such it would not condemn abortion. By your interpretation a man is being punished for wrongfully killing a fetus. This doesn't bar the parents from attaining an abortion.  Once again you are using a logic fallacy. If situation Z provides punishment Y then situation X would provide punishment Y too. Your logic doesn't make any sense.   If we translated as I had stated then ther person that killedthe fetus would be punished as killing a person (eye for an eye) as they said and would be punished by death. So logically since the fetus is considered a person and abortion kills a person....Do I need to spell it out? logic fallacy...I think not. "try again" as you always say.  Indeed...we have already lost 3,000 on 9/11 because of Bush incompetence and 1,500 soldiers because of his war on demand in Iraq. However it is not a loss that is exclusive to just us. I would like to think it applies to many Americans.  and 600,000 under Lincoln...way to take the statement and try to prove a different point.  Everyone of them that I have read (and I have read a lot). From the most conservative (Falwell) to the most liberal (Kangas), the bible is silent on the issue. If there was a direct verse against abortion then we wouldn't be arguing about this but since there isn't, both sides dig in the Bible looking for verses that might support their political agendas.  I find it to be rather pathetic. If you need to pervert ancient scripture for the sake of their political ideology then it certainly shows a lack of conviction on their part.   You know..the Bible doesn't directly talk about a lot of things, however, we can easily figure out what it is talking about. This is because the Bible is written to provide answers to morality of today, yesteday, and future (I believe Cone posted a quote from the Bible showing this in this thread). And if you think Falwell is silent on the issue of abortion...think again.  And you continue on for pages.... However proving nothing and even going as far as to suggest that I am desperate and not very insightful. Maybe you didn't mean this and I will give you the benefit of the doubt, however, you make a lot of claims which seem ok however you provide no evidence for these. You claim that NO theolgian has my views (eventhough I believe I posted one) and yet you provided nothing to prove your point other then a crazy website about religious tolerance. Shall I submit a website about how we are all robots as evidence that this is true? I am just suggesting that you provide some evidence to back your claims of hebrew words..etc...in order for me to actually take your claims seriously. WHo knows, you may actually be correct on some things...however you just saying it will not convince me when I find things contrary to what you say....Just a suggestion :)
Since when was knowing more then the other guy a prerequisite to judgment? God commits murder, therefore I condemn the murderer. Understood? I am not interested in the excuses of a murderer. Murder is murder. The only way you can accuse God of murder is if you know that he killed someone unjustly. If you know this, you know more than God, because God, who is omniscient and just, obviously feels He has done no such thing.  Another logic fallacy. Are we catching red herrings in order to compensate for a lack of substance to the topic? Do you have an axe to grind with me? I must warn you that people who hold grudges discard logic and dignity to fulfill their emotionally charged impulses. Having an axe grinding and army of logic fallacies will serve you no good against me. Good grief, Charlie Brown. Let me take you through the whole process so we can see if I have done any such thing...  Here was an initial claim: Linus, when it comes to abortion have you ever considered you might be wrong?  What is the harm in denying a woman and abortion because she has a headache or had a bad night? To which you responded: I don't understand your question. Why is it only applying to women with just headaches and bad nights? Last time I checked abortion was legal for all women. To which Voice of Reason responded: Because a lot of women get abortions for convenience......  To which you said: Because pregnancy is just a minor inconvenience for all women, right? A big blow over that doesn't mean anything.  To which chloe responded: I think that maybe the point is that because of the way the courts have defined "the woman's health" that an abortion can be performed for any reason at all and for no reason at all. And here's the biggy, this is what you said: I don't think it is the point at all...I think it is just his shot at defacing the seriousness of having an unwanted pregnany.  Obviously you are unwilling to give anyone the benefit of the doubt. You automatically assume that someone defaces the seriousness of an unwanted pregnancy with no evidence, save that he didn't believe convienece abortions should be legal. Thus, I took your statement and held it to your own standards, i.e., I did not give you the benefit of the doubt. Thus I said: I guess by this statement you are defacing and trivializing the seriousness of a wanted pregnancy, seeing how you only think pregnancy is serious if it is unwanted. See what happens when people don't give you the benefit of the doubt, and instead try and imply what you mean? I love how people on this board hold others to a higher standard than they hold themselves.  As for this claim,  I must warn you that people who hold grudges discard logic and dignity to fulfill their emotionally charged impulses.   Because pregnancy is just a minor inconvenience for all women, right? A big blow over that doesn't mean anything. Keep thinking that way. The less you understand about those having an abortion the more it helps us. We are here to help, we are here to take a woman's crisis seriously and not deface it as being a matter of "inconvenience." His statment did not imply in the least bit that he did not think pregnancy is serious. You read it that way because you wanted to. Is this a case where you have a grudge, thereby you dicard logic and dignity to fulfill your emotionally charged impulses?
 This quote is one of the reason I don't agree with Christianity. When you have a ruler that by definition is always just I don't like it. Too much authority. He could say that you have to eat your children and it would be considered just. While the Bible claims God is just and true in all his ways (and backs it up with evidence), it also makes multitudes of claims about other aspects of his nature (and then backs it up with evidence).  Psalms 145 8 The LORD is gracious and merciful; Slow to anger and great in lovingkindness. 9 The LORD is good to all, And His mercies are over all His works.  Ex 33  18 Then Moses said, "I pray You, show me Your glory!" 19 And He said, " I Myself will make all My goodness pass before you, and will proclaim the name of the LORD before you; and I will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will show compassion on whom I will show compassion." And then... Ex 34  34:6-7  Then the LORD passed by in front of him and proclaimed, "The LORD, the LORD God, compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, and abounding in lovingkindness and truth;  who keeps lovingkindness for thousands, who forgives iniquity, transgression and sin; yet He will by no means leave {the guilty} unpunished, visiting the iniquity of fathers on the children and on the grandchildren to the third and fourth generations."   None of these attributes ever conflict with justice.   You can twist and bend verses of the bible any way you want which is the problem. ....that's why the bible being so vague is a bad idea.  The Bible makes the claim of clarity. But you have assumed that just because anyone can twist and bend it, take it out of context, do whatever to make it say what they want, then it is not clear (which happens to be a wrong assumption). It is true that anyone could distort and misrepresent any clearly written document in the same way that they can take the letters of the alphabet and make it say whatever they want. This is why it is imoportant to read the document in question in context before buying into any claim made of the document.  People already admit that we can't comprehend God, how can we comprehend what he meant with 2 separate verses? Maybe he used different logic than us. With God you never know, that's why I like to stick with what I do know.  While God cannot be fully known he can be known and can be rightly known and the Bible can be rightly known and understood. This is according to the Bible's claim.
 Don't you find it ironic that they defend murderers and rapists but have no compassion for and innocent, defenseless infant in the womb?  Yes I do!!!
Depends who you ask.  No, it really doesn't.   So it is not murder for the state to have executed the 23 innocent people in the past? Or how about the 10,000 iraqi civilians we bombed?    Nobody said that. In fact where I come from, we call that a "straw man" fallacy. It happens when you twist my arguments, to say something I didn't say. Or in this case the exact opposite of what I said. Pretty cowardly approach if you ask me.     Maybe you should take the time, to understand a situation FULLY before defending a idiot. You have obviously missed where VOR supports the murder of abortion doctors, pedophiliacs and other groups.  You seem to miss the fact, that VOR sees those people as guilty. So by his standards it is not murder, and he is not a hypocrite. You know, you spend so much time trying to thwart VOR, you almost never thoroughly support your own opinions. Must be a sad life huh?
Anyone found guilty of a capital crime beyond a shadow of a doubt (non on circumstantial evidence) should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law and if that means the death penalty so be it.............  If there is the slightest doubt of guilt then there should be no execution......  I don't know how to explain it any clearer to my liberal friends.......
One thing that really bugs me about the death penalty is the time it takes from when a criminal is found guilty and the time he or she is executed.......I think the time should not exceed 2 years and 2 appeals.......  Ypu have a guy on death row by the name of Scott Peterson who murdered 2 people and if your a 55 year old male you will probably die before this scumbag is executed......................
God's law says you should be killed for working on sunday.  I think you are taking that literally........The Catholic Church does not believe that........
90% of Americans identify themselves as Christians.60% of Americans support Roe v Wade. Christians make up the majority of abortion patients here in America.  And yet no where in the Bible is their a direct condemnation of abortion.       The abortion issue has never hurt the Democratic base. On the other hand, the pro-life platform of the GOP has hurt it with voters. Why do you think democrats use abortion as the litmus test in elections?  " Thou shalt not murder."
The subject of this thread can you be a christian and be for abortion........No true believer in the teachings of Jesus Christ can be pro abortion........  No matter how my liberal friends try to rationalize it that is and undenialable fact..........
Nope, I just know what murder is. Stop the spinning...you are making yourself dizzy.  God isn't even omniscient...it is just something it claims and is never proven. If god was all knowing then it would knowingly create people who would go to hell. It would knowingly create people who would be aborted, punished, oppressed and sinned. It would knowingly create people who would rise against him and later be outraged...even thought it knew it would happen. It knew and planned out the holocaust. It knew and planned out 9/11 terrorist attacks. It knew and planned out Stalin's great purges upon the Ukrainians.  And it would know all of this before the world was ever created. So basically you worship the greatest murder of all times; god.  Thanks for making that clear. Look, when arguing from Biblical grounds, which this post is supposed to be doing, it is not possible to say that God is unjust, even in all the situations that you stated. That is simply the end of the story. If you want to complain about that, start your own thread. You're never going to convince someone who believes the whole Bible that God is unjust merely because you say so.
It has been a harsh day but Linus made me laugh...  This was a link Linus posted as evidence for his claims http://www.geocities.com/dnwppg/res...l/prologic.html  I guess if a GEOCITIES website says it, it must be true.  I guess the viewers will be the judge...The Phd website that I posted or the Geocities website Linus posted emoticon_rolleyes
That is nice but murder means illegal killing. Abortion is legal. Very few countries in the world that have criminalized abortion treat it as murder.  There is God's law and man's perversion of what God intended with the law and morals which God gave man. I tell you the truth, anyone who is a proponent of murdering unborn children is risking their very soul. For those of you who think that abortion is okay; I say that ya'll must have your heads so far up your rectums that it would take blasting powder and Federal troops to remove your heads from your rectums. You pro-abortionists are utterly and completely insane. Thats not surprising to me, as most of you XXXXXX are also liberals. Abortion is an abomination to God and man. I have asked this several times and will ask it again. Who among you posting here wishes that they had been aborted?
oh? i see. that is why you are so hard-up on being pro-life? because you narrowmindedly ASSUME that "a lot of women get abortions for cenvenience"? and this displeases you and goes against your beliefs (which are YOUR beliefs, not mine, not john q. public's, not America's, but YOURS)...so basically, IT IS BAD! IT IS BAD AND YOU CAN'T DEBUNK ME BECAUSE IT IS BAD AND I SAY SO!! oh, i see. tee-hee... well, have YOU ever had an abortion? well, have you ever had to weigh the pros and cons with a loved one about an abortion? has your mother, daughter, sisters, or wife ever had to have one? are they thinking about having one? no? THEN GET ON WITH ***YOUR*** LIFE. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH MINE *OR* ANY OTHER PERSON OUT THERE ON THIS BEAUTIFUL EARTH. Because, just for your information, women have abortions for many different reasons, *NOT* just the ones *YOU* think.  and i appologise, i have been reading this thread entirely up until this particular post, which i believe was on page three...im sorry i had not finished the entire topic before posting, but it was all heading the same way.... LINUS basically debunks everyone opposing him, and for that, i am proud, because he does it with class and authority, and noone is really paying his posts any attention OR they wouldnt be posting opposition....well, this, of course, is IMO...so LINUS, nice job.  Good luck with dealing with your guilt.
Blah, blah, blah. So which one of God's laws says abortion is murder then?      If it meant preserving abortion rights, I would. Wouldn't even think twice about it.   " Thou shalt not murder."
Eeeer so? So now information is only viable if it comes from a non-geocities website then? Because paying for a web service means you are more informed? Even your Bible Study website is obviously swings to the right with adds against homosexuality however that doesn't dismiss the point of it's information.  Wow, Steve, once again you predictably attack the messenger while the message sails on by over your head.  Believe your geocities website if you want...However, I would trust a Bible Study website over geocities anyday.   So now we are pitting sources against each other based upon the website instead of the content? And now you commit the fallacy of appealing to authority? Sorry, having a PHd doesn't make you right. Wow, I just can't make you happy. If I use this site you cry it is anti-Christian and if not you attack the web service. How pathetic...is this what you have responded back with? A complaint about the source? Man, you are an ungraceful loser. Keep it up...you still haven't proven anything.  P.S. I was checking the news and found out that Jane Fonda is still Christian and supports abortion. Jane Fonda is a joke of a Christian. If someone calls themselves a Christian it doesn't mean they are. I can call myself president all day long and it won't be true. To be a Christian you gotta believe in God and his Word. Only one way to do that.  lol, there you go with the fallacies again. Please, at some point you appeal to authority..that fallacy is a joke like Jane Fonda. However, having a PHd holds more credibility then a geocities website. So I suggest you get a source to prove some of your stuff or this is a worthless debate.  Haven't proven anything? What more do you need? I can't help that you don't take in anything I am saying. If you have sources to show what these "hebrew words" mean, then by all means show us!! I have shown what all of those passages mean and how they fit together to show that God doesn't support abortion at all. So go ahead and call me an "ungrateful loser", I choose facts and sources to show my points.
what guilt? maybe you can help me with that, you being a Christian, you probably know ALOT about guilt. i, on the other hand, have no guilt for what i believe in. i'm sorry that you may disagree, or that my opinions are different than yours and thus you may assume that i am...the enemy, a spineless, evil little basketcase with nothing but ill-wishes for all of humanity, including itty-bitty zygotes, so much so that i have enormous underlying guilt! well, sorry to disappoint you. a basketcase, yes, but i'm hardly an advocate for inhumanity (but you will argue this with something along the lines of "ehhh, but you are pro-choice, therefore you ARE against humanity! you are pro-fetus-murder!! murderer!" but perhaps a tad more eloquently! and i will know that is really your only idea of a response--as opposed to something with a little more backbone-- and it wouldn't offend me - even though you want it to! you want to CONVERT ME, but i sleep in a bed like a human, not in a barn with the sheep. and i'm horrible at sarcasm.)  but, again, what guilt?  oh, and i like how Steeeeve said "Haven't proven anything? What more do you need? I can't help that you don't take in anything I am saying" to Linus! speaking of jokes! it is by far the other way around, because, as i have certainly read on this particular thread, no-one opposing Linus has proven anything regarding Linus' query, only replied over and over and over and over and over again that it has been Linus who has proven nothing all along! how silly and inane. and, OBVIOUSLY to all those replying with "thou shalt not murder" as an answer, must by now know that is NOT the answer to Linus' query no matter how many times you repeat it. emoticon_rolleyes and he has been stating that, so pay attention!  And what is the deal with the Jane Fonda bashing? don't like her because she is a proud woman who supports women's rights? what about "love thy neighbor" ? are you going to say, "well, she isnt MY neighbor!" ...that is real Christian of you to hate or dispise another because of their beliefs, opinions, and/or their political views...Jesus would be real proud to have a follower, such as yourself, of his faith...because, i always thought, if you truly love God and have great faith in Him, then...would you not love all of His creations? sure, you may think that those of us who are considered "non-believers" have been lead astray (since you think that you're Christian God is the one and only true God), but would you not still love us, because you still must believe we were all created by God? whether or not us "non-believers" even believe --and it is our right to believe what we like-- in God at all?  and what kind of question is "who among you posting here wishes that they had been aborted?", Hunter? that is like asking, who amongst you wishes they had been born a cheetah, or wishes they had never been born at all, or some other ridiculous insight.  BOY-HOWDY!!! What got your panties in a wad? Is it that time of the month or what? Sit back, have a drink and relax for awhile. Get a grip on yourself. I t seems like you are losing it. Do you have terminal liberal wilting disease? I don't care if you write a million words in support of abortion, you and your ilk are still 100% dead wrong. Killing babies is wrong. Duh!!! In addition, I reccomend that you start eating more fiber, alot more. Quickly. :)
oh, and i like how Steeeeve said "Haven't proven anything? What more do you need? I can't help that you don't take in anything I am saying" to Linus! speaking of jokes! it is by far the other way around, because, as i have certainly read on this particular thread, no-one opposing Linus has proven anything regarding Linus' query, only replied over and over and over and over and over again that it has been Linus who has proven nothing all along! how silly and inane. and, OBVIOUSLY to all those replying with "thou shalt not murder" as an answer, must by now know that is NOT the answer to Linus' query no matter how many times you repeat it. and he has been stating that, so pay attention!  And what is the deal with the Jane Fonda bashing? don't like her because she is a proud woman who supports women's rights? what about "love thy neighbor" ? are you going to say, "well, she isnt MY neighbor!" ...that is real Christian of you to hate or dispise another because of their beliefs, opinions, and/or their political views...Jesus would be real proud to have a follower, such as yourself, of his faith...because, i always thought, if you truly love God and have great faith in Him, then...would you not love all of His creations? sure, you may think that those of us who are considered "non-believers" have been lead astray (since you think that you're Christian God is the one and only true God), but would you not still love us, because you still must believe we were all created by God? whether or not us "non-believers" even believe --and it is our right to believe what we like-- in God at all?   Where to start....  I don't recall Linus proving anything...he just simply stated stuff without provided a link or anything (other then geocites and religioustolerance.org...both of which aren't crediable for reasons stated earlier)  However I believe I showed where he was wrong about the Hebrew words (with links) and then went on to show many quotes from the Bible that show God is not for aboriton.  I don't recall saying I hated Jane Fonda by the way so I see no point in what you said.  Moreover, you state that you have a right ot believe whta you like, and that is fine. However, this thread is about Christians and who a REAL Christian can't support abortion without violating his/her on faith. So to answer your question, I love all creatures...including the unborn ones.
 Most Americans support Roe v Wade. So does that makes abortion right? Depends on whose figures you use. Most say the opposite of what you think from what I gather. The Supreme Court supports Roe v Wade. So does that makes abortion right? Activist judges on both sides (appointed by whomever president is currently capable of pushing one into a life seating) will say different things on this matter.  ]The AMA supports Roe v Wade. So does that makes abortion right?"Today, we have people with Phds that claim the world is flat." The American Medical Association says a lot of things at times that later turn out to be countridicted.   Seems the actual determination on whether abortion is right or wrong falls upon the 'Because I say so' line of belief. Of course, since some can't think for themselves, they'll turn to another source. You guys lose. Time for you to take a class in logic.  Well, we can always use the logic you tend to apply.  As a non christian fairly well schooled in the bible, as has been said, the easiest interpretation of the bible states it's opposed to abortion. The bible supposedly being the word of God hisself and all. That aside, many people choose to intrepret all sorts of things in it to get what ever they desire. From those who desire bible approved homosexual relations to abortion approval to mass murdering popes killing the heretics. So what?  P.S. Jane Fonda is still Christian and supports abortion. It must drive you nuts. Yeah. She can also claim to be a man or a martian. If she quacks, she can even say she's a duck. Heck, look at christianity. You have these protestors in various shades and even catholic division that's barely stiffled at times by the uppers putting some smack down.    Now, if you'll excuse me, God has given me instructions on filling a paper bag with dog doo and setting it on fire on my neighbors doorsteps. These instructions come from an extensive amount of research nd subjective interpretation of the bible.
Really? Well, then provide the opposite.  Why? Have you? This is another case of 'who's numbers are you using?'   The easiest interpretation is that the bible is silent on abortion. Actually that's not an interpretation. Unless, of course, you're actually looking for the word 'abortion' to base an interpretation off of. But, then, you'd be a literalist.   Most pro-lifers are by name only. Most support stem cell research, can justify abortion when it supports their morals and believe in the death penalty. All of these greatly violate pro-life ideology. Any proof to your claim here on 'most pro-lifers'?  I'm really curious where you're getting the 'most' support fetal stem cell research...or, are you merely leaving 'stem cell research' generic so as to confuse the situation. For example, I oppose fetal stem cell research but support other types of stem cell research. There are subtle differences. Sure, some people who think an innocent child should be protected and think a guilty man should be put to death...and? It's still not 'most' without an absolute count of the numbers or a reflective poll of a wide selection of people. Are all 'pro-lifers' and 'pro-choicers' supposed to be identical???  Sounds currently like you're as bad as those you accuse. But, then I could say 'Most' of you abortionist are. If I polled the rabid neo-con christians here, I'd be right...and all you could do is refute my source and methods. Kind of ironic.  Vague generalities.  Maybe you'd be better off using the term 'many' instead of most.
Even if the Bible Study website told to you that abortion was okay and the geocities did not? Hey, you are the one who implied it. You said any day. Once again you are dodging facts by attacking the source. Are you so horribly intimidated by a geocities website that you dodge the content of the site?  Where are your facts????? lol, your website has no facts because it is a GEOCITIES website..you think a teacher would allow you to post a geocities website as a credible source for a term paper? Not mine, you'd fail.  No, you and your movement are the joke. You made a claim that can't even support fifteen pages later.  Your claims are ridiculous. The majority of Christians in the USA believe abortion is a right or believe it should be allowed in only a few circumstances. So does that mean only a few Christians reside here in America then? Last time I checked only about 5-9% of Americans are absolutely opposed to abortion so I guess 9/10 Christians are false. Apparently George W Bush and over 90% of republicans are not Christian anymore because you said so.  Keep it up, you are defeating yourself with your own logic. By the time you are done shunning heretics within your own religion on the abortion issue alone, Christianity would be a tiny, irrelevant faith left on the footnotes of modern history.  A great way to turn people away from Christianity.  No need for petty insults on me. There is a difference in calling Jane Fonda being a Christian a joke and calling me a joke...refrain from direct attacks as it is in the forum rules.  Linus, I think you are the one refusing to look at the facts...How many times do I have to post this stuff.  I posted a quote from Exodus which suggests that killing an unborn is murder and deserves "an eye for an eye". I then posted MANY quotes about how God forms one in the womb and how God creates you before you were in the womb. You then responded by claiming hebrew words have been mistranslated...I then refuted those with a source that shows otherwise and you have yet to refute that.  From a recent CBS poll, 24% of people outright don't support any abortion. 38% said stricter limits. LA Times has it at 53% that say few strictions or none at all. The polls go on. Most people support abortion for a few cases such as rape or death of mother and child. Is a Christian supposed to support the rape cases you ask? NO. In the cases ofthe mother and childs life you save the life you can. (www.pollingreport.com/abortion posted 1,525,829 times now)  Aren't you the same guy who claimed I said abortion was okay because the Bible is silent on it and yet never proved I said it?  I believe I said you think God supports abortion becuase you think the Bible is silent on the issue. However this is impossible if you believe in the Bible and are a Christian.   As for your geocities stuff...If a PHd posts findings on a geocities website he is an idiot and probably not credible. Most post findings in journals and what not.  Most Americans support Roe v Wade. So does that makes abortion right? The Supreme Court supports Roe v Wade. So does that makes abortion right? The AMA supports Roe v Wade. So does that makes abortion right? You guys lose. Time for you to take a class in logic.  This was funny...Supporting Roe vs Wade means nothing because you gotta look at the facts. Same goes with the Supreme Court...The supported Roe Vs Wade however if you look more into it you see the were wrong because a "living constitution" doesn't exist. So, you can appeal to an authority so long as it is just a source of fact. You do the same thing. I see we lose.....We lose because you say so huh.   Anyway, I see it is worthless debating you Linus since you just look at geocities websites, call me names directly, and then proceed to think you are right all the time.  As for Sigma's post, As said often, supporting Roe vs Wade means absolutly nothing. The trend on the polls shows more people wanting abortion only in the rare cases such as rape and life of mother/child.
They said they wouldn't it being overturned. So I guess your point is correct that most people believe in Roe Vs Wade but what does this prove?? It doesn't prove that people support abortion because other polls suggest otherwise.
I oppose overturning it (unless it is done by saying that SCOTUS wasn't supposed to rule on that case)...So thats one example. In the sense of overturning it to make abortion illegal..I wouldn't support that. Besides, other polls suggest that people don't support full out abortions but only in the extreme cases. Although in a way this doesn't matter to me because I wouldn't support abortion if I was the only one that thought that.
I love you, Hunter. You are living breathing proof of what the pro-life movement is all about. Half-witted mysoginists disregarding women.   No way she can just think your a jerk and be angry, huh? Must be something wrong with her.  Are you actually married? If so, where did you find a woman with low enough self -esteem to put up with you?  I love you to jitobear. What got you panties in a wad? Don't you have something to do in the kitchen for your man? Do you even have a man in your life? If not, that may be your problem. If I am a half-wit, your brain is bouncing around like a BB in a box car. I am not married and do not want a female with low self-esteem in my life. I am looking for a pretty white girl from PA. who is God fearing and conservative in her views. Also, she should be a good cook and not give me too much back-talk. You need not apply. Wish me well. emoticon_cool
I love you to jitobear. What got you panties in a wad? Don't you have something to do in the kitchen for your man? Do you even have a man in your life? If not, that may be your problem. If I am a half-wit, your brain is bouncing around like a BB in a box car. I am not married and do not want a female with low self-esteem in my life. I am looking for a pretty white girl from PA. who is God fearing and conservative in her views. Also, she should be a good cook and not give me too much back-talk. You need not apply. Wish me well. emoticon_cool Hunter, you have clearly stepped over the line here. You truly are a hinderance to the pro-life cause. Your support for the dignity of human life apparently begins with conception and ends with birth, if the birth results in a female. Otherwise, the dignity continues. This is utterly appalling.
Oh, you are being awfully judgemental. I mean...give him the benefit of the doubt. Maybe good ol' Hunter forgot to add "Just kidding!" at the bottom of his post? The point is that even if this was a joke, it was still way out of line. Thus, if he added "just kidding" to the end, it wouldn't change the appalling nature of his statement.
Here was a discussion on the relevant polls.  The trend is that the majority personally disagree with abortion but the majority also believes a woman should be able to decide for themselves.  The trend is that the majority believe there should be restrictions on late term abortions, but the vast majority agree with Roe v Wade.   And, of those hundreds of people polled, what location of the 'across america' did they gather them from? If I were to present a poll using the same criteria and methods they use except call the boonies, bible belters and small townies instead of college campuses or large blue cities, the results would be different.  It's still not 'most' without an absolute count of the numbers or a reflective poll of a wide selection of people.   So, random sampling can give a good impression or, if done slyly, a totally inaccurate picture. For example, if I were to call residents of Louiville KY and ask this question, I'd get a 'most support' RvW result by a slight margin. The rest of Kentucky would give a different result. Possibly with Lexington KY (college town) having closer results to Louisville. If I target strong Blue states, and marginal Red states, the results will say RvW is supported. Reverse it and it's the opposite. Or, poll a N.O.W. convention of several hundred from 'all across america' and see the results...or the 'Bible Thumpers of America.'  In general, other than a slight selection of people (like bible thumpers and activists or people who like to butt heads in a PnR forum) not many people really give a lot of thought to their stances on any issue.   For example, I've met many pro-lifers who support abortion only in the case of threat to the mothers life OR abortion and incest. And, they're religious nutters. When asked, why they oppose abortion, the respond that it takes a human life and is murder. Self defense of the mothers life is understandable but, when pointed out that abortion of a normal rape or incest baby also results in the taking of a human like you get a emoticon_frazzled result often since they really haven't thought it through.  There are many different types of pro-lifers as there are pro-choicers. A lot of europeans would seem to be extremely pro-choice but, most seem to find 3rd term abortion distasteful and it's not often allowed in their nations. There are hair splitters on when human life begins (person). And will make semi-arbirtary determinations like, 'conception' or '3rd term' or even 'when it can breath with it's own lungs'. If you say it's alive in the late 2nd term and abortion before that is ok but after wards is murder, are you 'pro-choice' or 'pro-life'? Seeing as your definition of life is different to others.  To think that all members of either group have to be the same is laughable. Not all 'Pro-choicers' are the same like not all 'Pro-Lifers' are. A person who predominatly believes in the pro-life agenda isn't a pro-choicer if they make an exception. Nor is a pro-choicer if the situation is reversed. A pro-choicer can detest partial birth abortions and still be 'pro-choice' just as a pro-lifer can believe in an abortion for life theatening risks to mothers life and still be 'pro-life.' So, I find it funny when some point at the visable members of another group and say they are all the same. Of course, I'm also a hypocrit... ;) So, you big mean ole liberal baby killers (did you serve in Nam?) better watch out cause gawd itshelf is gonna lays smack downs upon your hiney... Ummm, quick toss me a line some nutter would use in a mud slinging contest.  @Hunter, that's what I got. Sounded like a good deal (considering I'm an unbeliever) but boy, it get's old. I'm so bored, I have to think of new things to have her do because conversation is limited. There's only so many religious buzz-words one can take in a single sentence before losing the will to continue talking. Right now, it's 'rub my back'. I try to get a good scalp massage while I'm on the computer but, that's a little close to the demon idols on my desk and she seems to not be that enthusiastic around them. But, she shouldn't complain when I'm tripping over bibles left and right.  Had I known she was going to turn out to be a fundy 12yrs ago, I'd have sped off faster than the roadrunner. But, that would have left an available fundy woman on the market. Can't have that happen. She might have hooked up with a fundy man and started another televangical ministry. Or, worse...bred with one and produced 100% fundy babies. *shudders* That's almost as bad as allowing 2 liberals to breed. :p
Hunter was kidding wasn't he? If not then that guy has more problems then you pro-choicers..<---see, that was a joke emoticon_xangel emoticon_xclown
I am really trying to understand how a true believer in Jesus Christ could believe that the murder of and innocent defenseless baby in the womb is ok.......40,000,000 since Rowe V Wade was enacted in 1972........  There is just no way my liberal friends can rationalize this horrific act on their fellow human beings unless the mother's life is endangered or possibly in the case of rape and incest..........
True believer yes...they couldn't believe abortion is ok.   Jitobear: In that case cone was right..Hunter is hurting the case for pro-life. Also, jitobear, did you say that you would be ok if they only limited abortion to death of mother, rape, incest...those extreme cases? I can't remember.
No. I don't agree with banning abortion at all. I want to address the reasons. Do that and yout will be doing the most for mother, child and the reduction of abortion. It will do far more than a ban will. There are simply too many people, reasons, and circumstances to make blanket laws without making blanket exceptions as well (which some here have complained about).  Address the things that lead to unwanted pregnancy and the reasons women choose to abort. That will do the most help. It makes my head spin the time, money, and energy wasted on the fighting.....  In all fairness and no disrepect intended, it makes my head spin that the solution now is to abort. I honestly think we do need to help out more..and not just with women but eveyone. And there are some groups out there that help pregnant women without ever recommending abortion. I am not sure how you fix unwanted pregnancy caused by two people having sex and realizing they just didn't want the pregnancy. You would have to do a major culture shift involving many things. However, having abortion, in my opinion, probably won't help people stop having sex but would encourage it. If there is a way out people will do it. I suspect that if abortion was banned and the next 5yrs or so many teens get pregnant then we would see a drop because people would get a bit smarter. So culture shift if the only way to get rid of that portion of abortions. The rape, incest, and probably the poor problem could be solved with some community support groups. Have people be less selfish (another culture shift). However, having abortion here wouldn't help people become less selfish because abortion in itself is selfish (atleast on someones part, not always the mother).  So those are my views on it. I don't see people starting to help women until abortion is gone. One other side-not thing. The people that are more inclined to help are the ones that don't support abortion. This is obviously not a fact but is an opinion that I have observed. Church groups come to mind when I think of this.
Lets face the facts............The abortion clinics are in that business to make money........No abortions, no profits........
Oh yes, you think that a CD is a good idea during a period of low inflation   Hmmm, this might be true. Low inflation would probably mean lower interest rates and thus a CD would most likely be a good idea. I would say that you shouldn't base investments on inflation rate though.  Besides, in a free market, how can you call yourself a conservative yet want to restrict business? well, using the messed up definition of conservative used today this wouldn't be hypocritical.  You think you would have learned to stop calling/suggesting people are hypocrites after the 3 pages of showing you that you had no proof. Do you wish to revisit this again?
Hmmm, this might be true. Low inflation would probably mean lower interest rates and thus a CD would most likely be a good idea. I would say that you shouldn't base investments on inflation rate though.   well, using the messed up definition of conservative used today this wouldn't be hypocritical.  You think you would have learned to stop calling/suggesting people are hypocrites after the 3 pages of showing you that you had no proof. Do you wish to revisit this again?  Steeeve, I found the best thing to do is just ignore "Little Man" ........It is really a waste of time to try and debate with him,,,,,,,,He really has no clue..........
it's stupid. INCREDIBLY stupid. First of all, a CD is a long term cash deposit. If the inflation rate is low, and your investing for a long period, that means inflation has only one place to go: up. CD rates are almost always fixed, and they aren't significently higher then the inflation rate when you deposit it. Therefore, inflation rates are going to go up, while your CD rate, pitiful as it already is, is not. You actually LOSE money. It's stupid. Incredibly stupid. A CD is good idea when inflation is high, it has no where to go but down, further increasing the buying power you recieve from the CD.    As stated eariler...inflation rate is not a good idea to base stuff on. I mean, whether or not you have high inflation or low inflation you are still making nothing with a CD. You would also have to be good at determining future inflation rates...if they are to remain fairly constant then as said low/high inflation doesn't matter. To be honest, I wouldn't put money in a CD because you never make anything and you probably make less then some government investments that have no tax. So assuming VOR said that, I think he is probably wrong in most cases although his situation could be possible.
I'm a proc-choice Christian, Steve. You, my mere mortal fellow sinner, do not have any authority whatsoever - to claim otherwise.  Not to mention - following the word of God is a personal choice, there is nothing in the Bible to justify imposing adhearance on others.  Jitobear, you are completely deluding yourself. No true Christian can ever believe that killing unborn children is compatable with a personal relationship with Jesus. emoticon_idea
I am not sure where Jitobear posted that..however, she is right on one thing...I don't have the authority to claim she is not a true believer in God. However, I know someone that is the authority and His Word is spoken in the Bible (and He speaks to all of us) and it is very clear his stance on abortion. So to be pro-choice is not exactly doing as He would.  Oh, and yes I do sin...however I am not right in doing so.  Also keep in mind that we are talking about "Christians" and not everyone
I am not sure where Jitobear posted that..however, she is right on one thing...I don't have the authority to claim she is not a true believer in God. However, I know someone that is the authority and His Word is spoken in the Bible (and He speaks to all of us) and it is very clear his stance on abortion. So to be pro-choice is not exactly doing as He would.  Oh, and yes I do sin...however I am not right in doing so.  Also keep in mind that we are talking about "Christians" and not everyone  Steeeeve, we are all sinners. I was born a sinner, I will lead a sinfull life, and I will die a sinner. I will be saved by the grace of our Lord, Jesus, and by that alone. I tell you the truth, anyone who claims to be a Christian and advocates the liberal idea that abortion is okay is deluding themselves.As Christians, it is our duty to try to bring the truth to anyone who is heading down the broad path to Hell. Abortion is a heinous crime against God and all of humanity. I have witnessed nothing but great guilt from women who have chosen to kill their babies. Abortion is wrong. Case closed.
I have never had an abortion. I have never claimed that the Bible supports abortion. I have said there is nothing in the Bible that supports YOU, mere mortal sinner man, demanding adhearance to it's teachings.   I have said that I support a woman's right to choose. I have said I agree with reducing abortion through helping with the things that lead to unwanted pregnancy and that issues that cause a woman to choose abortion.  I have said that demonizing of women as well as the trivialization of the issues they face, especially when pregnant, is abhorrent on many levels. I don't' believe it is Christian either, and when pro-life Christians bring out the Bible and continue to do this, their faith rings hollow to me. (Not that I am the one you have to impress.)  Please, Hunter, show me the Bible passage that supports your cruelty or passing judgement - or the one that supports your forcing adhearance to your faith.   I won't hold my breath. (Remember, I have read the entire Bible.)  Good morning jitobear, what cruelty have I shown to anyone? I " force" no one to adhear to any faith. However, it is important for everyone to understand that there is only one path to salvation and eternal life and that is exclusively through Jesus. There is NO other path to Heaven. That case is closed.
my suitcase is closed...
The fact that you dismiss and trivialize women is cruel. I know this is tough fo you to understand since you have the illusion that the whole of existance rests with you, what you experience and what you feel.  This is not the religion thread - how one gets to Christ is not at issue.  I am am taking issue with you - 1 - for telling people what they do, don't do, can and can not believe, think or feel. 2 - wanting to force abortion bans on people because your God says they can't them is forcing adhearance to the rules of your faith - duh.  I do not dismiss or trivialize women, I love women. Expressing my opinions in no way means that I have any control over what others think or do. DUH!!! As to my opinion about abortion, I am correct. Abortion in 99% of the cases is murder.
If you believe as I do that abortion should be banned with the exception of when the mother's life is endangered then he is rigght.......99 percent of all abortions are just murder.......
I love saying this: PROVE YOUR CLAIM VOR.   Oh wait, you can't because you can never prove anything you say.And you just made a claim that you didn't prove. HAHA  If you think don't that if you ban abortions for all but the "extreme" cases will reduce abortions by some insane amount (in the 90% range or something like that) then you need not be on the abortion forum. Source: http://www.frtl.org/abortion/articles/abortion%20statistics%20paint%20a%20grim.htm
Then you are equally as blind and hateful.  Why? Because I believe abortions should only take place when they are absolutely necessary? emoticon_confused
Florida Right to Life, a pro-life organization. Honestly.Yet everything in that site is cited with sources such as CNN and what not. I understnad the Florida Right To Life is not credible to our discussion(as they are not neutral) however the things they cite are...and that is what you should look at.  More stupidity. Neither your site nor VOR substance free posts proves that 99% of abortions are "murder." Besides, that is a subjective term. Applying a subjective term and then using it to declare a fact instantly invalides such a claim. It is merely a opinion. besides, what is "extreme?" My point still stands. So murder is a subjective term now...I laugh at that. Your point was what again? They fact that VOR didn't prove his case and never does? I don't understand....However, maybe if you looked at the sources on that site you would see that it is in the upper 90%s (however this is clinical abortions...not underground ones).
Yes you do. All the time. You do it in this very post.    Love like yours - who needs hate? Love like yours got my ex-husband kicked to the curb. Best decision of my life.    This is the part where you trivialize and dismiss women.  Greetings to you, don't you get tired of being wrong all of the time. My stance on abortion does not demean women. Only an up-side down deranged liberal could believe that. Sorry about your failure to keep your husband, divorce is a sad state of affair for this country. If you think that your divorce and your pro-death view on innocent children is compatable with a walk with the Lord; you need some very serious self examination. I wish you well in that regard. You need to walk to the light, not run from it. How can any Christian believe in murdering children knowing that every baby is a gift from the Lord? Answer: A true Christian can't!!
It has been a harsh day but Linus made me laugh...  This was a link Linus posted as evidence for his claims Quote: Originally Posted by Linus  geocities.com/dnwppg/research-editorials/prologic.html  I guess if a GEOCITIES website says it, it must be true.  I guess the viewers will be the judge...The Phd website that I posted or the Geocities website Linus posted emoticon_rolleyes  Hello,  I see someone was linking to my website over a year ago. I haven't got my PhD yet, but I did get off of geocities. I guess no one read my whole page though. Reading on, you could see that I go on to argue that almost no one can support abortion, which would include Christians.   The part of my page that was quoted is part of the history of abortion laws that I found in a book by someone who supports abortion. I admired Jeffrey Reiman's logic. I read a lot of his book thinking he was pro-life, but all the sudden, he blew it, and it didn't make any sense at all. He went from completely logical to ridiculous. Oh, he gets blasted for it on my page too.  As for the "scholarly" status of my page, I wrote it as a senior at university. I had to have sources for pretty much everything I put in there. At the bottom of the page is a link to all my sources. I'm sure some of them have PhDs.  Here's the link now:  varietyreading.carlsguides.com/resedi/prologic.html  I'm sorry that I'm posting on a topic that is so old, but I just thought I'd chime in. I was amused to see what my site added to the discussion just by being on geocities.
Pro-lifers have been dropped on their head too many times.And teenagers consistently prove why they don't deserve the right to vote.
What I mean is that my argument is that pretty much everyone (well, at least in the modernized world?) holds other views that make them unable to support abortion without being logically inconsistent.
Well, I'm not a frequent poster. I revived this thread once before because I was searching online for instances of people referring to my website and found one here. Today, I was doing the same thing again and found this again. I had forgotten about it...
I was watching the Bill Maher show today and they had Jane Fonda on. She mentioned that she has recently become a Christian and that HER god is one that supports a womens right to choice. Now there are so many problems with this that I don't even know where to start. Not only that, I am saying this as almost a "newbie" Christian as in I don't know everything there is to know about the Bible. However, I do know that the Christian God that is defined in the Bible is against abortion. Many argue that the Bible is not what the Christian God is because it has been translated into a meaningless document. How is this true when we have so many of the original scrolls? Moreever, how can one claim what God thinks if they don't have anything to base it on? For example if you say the Bible is worthless, you are a Christian, and God believes abortion is ok...then how did you come to this conclusion? The Christian God talks about how one is created before they were put in the womb. God also talks about not killing. So if you wish to be Christian and for abortion you need to rethink one of those stances. God doesn't conform to anyone.   I do agree with you. I also think that Jane either is supporting the wrong religion, or she has the wrong concept of it.   God often tells us that our bodies are not ours, but his. So, if our outsides are not his, what makes us think that the insides are? Therefor, I don't think that it's right to get an abortion.  Also, while "HER" God might be one of choice, the TRUE CHRISTIAN GOD is not. He has often told us to not kill, as it is even one of the Ten Holy Commandments. So, what makes us think that we have the right to take a baby's life?  And don't confuse yourself. It might be a bunch of cells, but the cells evolve into something more. Therefor, it is considered a baby. If it's not, than why do you say that you are pregnant, when you find out that you are positive? To be pregnant means that you are with child, and your justification for getting an abortion is that it's not technically a child yet. SO does that mean that you are simply with cells?  My question is not how can someone claim to know what God thinks when they have nothing to base it upon, but it is "How can one, especially one that claims to be a Christian, claim to know what God thinks in the first place?"  We, as Christians, know that you can not tell God what to do, nor can you tell him what not to do. So, if you can't do those two things, how do you manage to know what he is thinking? I ponder this...  And I agree:  God doesn't conform to anyone.
Report: Kennedy barred from communion by bishop  Nov. 22, 2009  PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Roman Catholic Bishop Thomas Tobin has banned Rep. Patrick Kennedy from receiving Communion, the central sacrament of the church, in Rhode Island because of the congressman's support for abortion rights, Kennedy said in a newspaper interview published Sunday.  The decision by the outspoken prelate, reported on The Providence Journal's Web site, significantly escalates a bitter dispute between Tobin, an ultra orthodox bishop, and Kennedy, a son of the nation's most famous Roman Catholic family.  "The bishop instructed me not to take Communion and said that he has instructed the diocesan priests not to give me Communion," Kennedy told the paper in an interview conducted Friday.  Kennedy said the bishop had explained the penalty by telling him "that I am not a good practicing Catholic because of the positions that I've taken as a public official," particularly on abortion.  Report: Kennedy barred from communion by bishop - Yahoo! News   Yes! Now do that with the rest of the Biblically-challenged, spiritually-inept Kennedy family, and all the rest of the pro-abortion Catholic democrats.
So the bishops finally did it. They've been threatening to do that for years.  Well, I guess it's time to yank their tax-exempt status from them.   Go pound sand. You're the people who want the Separation of Church and State, remember? Get your sick, satanic mits off the church.
Well here is a christian who supports abortion.  Are you referring to yourself as a Christian or Steeeeve being a Christian?  We aren't that rich, and both of us our still finishing up our college degrees and are under enormous student loan burden. He supported my decision to abort as neither of us would have anywhere near the time or money to support a baby (hence our use of contraception), and neither of us have taken a full job in our fields yet to be able to provide that money to pay for the loans let alone a child.  Come on, people. You don't butcher an innocent baby for the conveience or sins of the parents. There's plenty of people in the world who would have adopted that baby. And if no one else would have, I would have.  As to God not supporting abortion? Rubbish. If you'd like I could give you verses in which he not only supported abortions, but ordered forced abortions through his people (that is if you take the OT as literally true)  Let's see your best one (1) example.   In the meantime, you can revel in this:  What does the Bible say about abortion?   "And if men struggle with each other and strike a woman with child so that she has a miscarriage, yet there is no further injury, he shall surely be fined as the woman's husband may demand of him; and he shall pay as the judges decide. But if there is further injury, then you shall appoint as a penalty life for life." (Exodus 21:22-23)  Straight from the Jewish Torah, God immediately affirms the value of human life in a mother's womb.  Next, a divinely appointed prophet from the womb:  Jeremiah 1:5 - 'Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart; I appointed you as a prophet to the nations."  Psalm 139:13 - 'For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother's womb.'  Of course, the question here is: What divine insight does the pro-abortion crowd think they have to where they can destroy in a mother's womb that which God is somehow instrumental in creating?   That was a future prophet to the nations in the womb. But the pro-infanticide crowd wants to pretend that instead of a baby with a divine plan, it's nothing more than an unviable tissue mass. Well, God is not fooled, and neither are we.  Finally, every time you see another child playing and laughing, every time you see a boy or girl graduate, get married, have their own child, and so on, I hope you see that innocent little baby you had ripped from your body.   I recommend you ask God / Christ to forgive you.
How many children have you adopted?  Go do a Google search and find out.  How many babies have you supported killing?
Then get your sick, satanic mitts off everyone else.  You, and those who think like you, support violence and infanticide against the innocent unborn. There's nothing endearing or redeeming about that kind of murderous, nonsensical mindset.  Today's quotes on abortion, from Mother Teresa:  "But I feel that the greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child - a direct killing of the innocent child - murder by the mother herself. And if we accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people not to kill one another?"   "By abortion, the mother does not learn to love, but kills even her own child to solve her problems. And by abortion, the father is told that he does not have to take any responsibility at all for the child he has brought into the world. That father is likely to put other women into the same trouble. So abortion just leads to more abortion. Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching the people to love, but to use any violence to get what they want. That is why the greatest destroyer of love and peace is abortion. "   "Please don't kill the child. I want the child. Please give me the child. I am willing to accept any child who would be aborted, and to give that child to a married couple who will love the child, and be loved by the child. From our children's home in Calcutta alone, we have saved over 3,000 children from abortions. These children have brought such love and joy to their adopting parents, and have grown up so full of love and joy!"   "It is a poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish."   The guilt of abortion:  Of 260 women surveyed by post abortion syndrome expert, Dr. David Reardon, Ph.D, 28 percent told him they attempted suicide because of grief they felt over their abortions. (See AfterAbortion.org. Your Most Complete Source for Information on Post-Abortion News, Research, Recovery and Related Issues)  Former "Cover Girl" model and actress, Jennifer O'Neill, can testify to the pain. She says, "I had the abortion and paid for it all my life."  Carna Spinella of Seattle, WA says, "Having an abortion was the biggest, most tragic mistake of my life."   Lisa Burroughs of Buena Park, CA adds, "After abortion -- the guilt, shame and loneliness is horrible."  Star Parker of Los Angeles had several abortions and says they led to promiscuous, destructive relationships, "I used abortion as birth control until after my fourth abortion&#8230;abortion destroys self-worth and dignity."   Cecilia Gomez of Tustin, CA says her abortions also contributed to "extremely promiscuous and self-destructive" behavior. She adds, "With each abortion, I became more and more depressed." Celebrity Quotes on Life and Abortion
Are you a little bit retarded or something? Don't get me wrong sleazyrider I love babies, they're delicious!  "I have seen these people," the LORD said to Moses, "and they are a stiff-necked people. Now leave me alone so that my anger may burn against them and that I may destroy them. Then I will make you into a great nation." - Exodus 32:9-10  Repent, O stiff-necked, pro-abortion infanticide lovers, before you perish.
Fine, you can have your politics. But we're going to yank your tax-exempt status. You can't have your cake and eat it too.  You aren't going to yank anything, sport. Not today, not tomorrow, and not ever. Not on my watch. Just watch what happens this Tuesday and in November to your vaunted, jack-legged, liberal heathens. You're going down the tubes, and there's nothing you can do about it.
 Yes, we will yank it. Maybe not today or tomorrow, but we will, unless you keep your greasy paws out of politics. Tens of thousands of men didn't die for the freedoms outlined in the bill of rights so you could just throw them away when you feel you have a moral duty to do so.  Read the First Amendment again, sport, especially the part where it says "CONGRESS shall make no laws.......regarding an establishment of religion OR PROHIBITING THE FREE EXERCISE THEREOF."  Show me where CONGRESS made the kind of law regarding an establishment of religion that you think is unconstitutional?  If you can't cite it then dummy up.  And what else did I just tell you?  As Ralph Reed once said (paraphrasing): "You will not run the Lord our God, nor His word, nor His commandments, nor His people, from the churches, the colleges, the halls of government, the public schools, or the courtrooms of America Ever again!"
Originally Posted by Easyrider :  Read the First Amendment again, sport, especially the part where it says "CONGRESS shall make no laws.......regarding an establishment of religion OR PROHIBITING THE FREE EXERCISE THEREOF."  Show me where CONGRESS made the kind of law regarding an establishment of religion that you think is unconstitutional?  If you can't cite it then dummy up.   You just proved my point. The amendment reads "You are free to practice your religion" not "You are free to oppress others with your religion".  Once again:   Read the First Amendment again, sport, especially the part where it says "CONGRESS shall make no law.......regarding an establishment of religion OR PROHIBITING THE FREE EXERCISE THEREOF."  Show me where CONGRESS made the kind of law regarding an establishment of religion that you think is unconstitutional?  You haven't made your case. You just expectorate all over the thread, which is your usual mode of operation.  Where's the beef? Where's the recent law CONGRESS passed that you're upset about that violates the First Amendment??  WHERE'S THE ESTABLISHMENT OF RELIGION?? WHICH RELIGION?
I'm not suggesting infringing on the free exercise of religion or any establishment of religion. I'm suggesting yanking the Church's special privilege of being tax-exempt. They'll still be free to say or do whatever they want, but they'll have to pay taxes like the rest of us. But if they want to be tax-exempt, they must be politically neutral.  Back when I was a Christian, I started going to this very highly regarded, liberal, intelligent, Episcopal church. I can honestly say it was the first church I truly liked. There was no shooting abortion doctors, blowing up reproductive clinics, prop 8 campaigns, and any other hate that usually goes on in your typical Christian church. Even though I really liked the church, it was two towns over and I had stopped worshipping, so I stopped going. One year later, I open the newspaper to find the pastor (whom I really liked) was being threatened by the IRS for calling the Iraq war immoral. And yet almost every other Christian church I had gone to, the sermons were all about gays, feminists, evil liberals, abortion, etc. How come they weren't threatened?  Moral of the story, I don't think its fair for any church to be politically campaigning. Its against the law.  But if there's a separation of church and state, the state needs to keep its mitts off of the church. If they take money, then the church should not be handcuffed on what it does thereafter, in regards to politics and other issues.
Right, but only if they're paying taxes. Like I said, they can't have it both ways.  Sure they can. They should have the right to free speech to denounce the Obama clowns in Washington, and they shouldn't be penalized for doing so.
They're not being penalized, they're just having their special privileges taken away. If they want to talk political smack like the rest of us, they're going to pay taxes like the rest of us.  They're already talking political smack in the churches. Every election you see Clinton or Jessee Jackson or somebody in a black church saying the Republicans are going to burn down their churches and kill their kids, and other lies like that. When have you ever raised Cain about that?
:xbanghead What the hell do you think I have been doing this whole time?  I don't know. But I don't see pastors warning parishioners about the dangers of some candidate's (like Obama) policies or character being a violation of the Constitution (i.e. Congress shall make no law...). It's more of a violation of politically correct throught than a violation of the Constitution.
But I do see them saying things like "gays are sinners" and "abortion is murder." I don't care aboutbpar lines. Whether they're saying things I agree with or not is irrelevant.  I'm not taking the bait. You're asking me if my opinion changes if I agreed with the priests. My answer is no, it does not.  The day the pastors stop calling sinners to repentance and warning the flock about the dangers of Obamaism, secular humanism, etc., is the day one needs to find a new church.
Fine, you can have your politics. But we're going to yank your tax-exempt status. You can't have your cake and eat it too.  I'm no Catholic, so I don't agree with denying someone communion because their sinful actions are common knowledge. However, if the Catholic church normally denies communion to someone because the person is opposed to a Christian belief regarding abortion, the fact that the person happens to be a politician cannot be allowed to restrict the church's normal handling of that situation or else the state is, in a small part, establishing a religion by controlling what the church can and cannot do.
But I do see them saying things like "gays are sinners" and "abortion is murder." I don't care aboutbpar lines. Whether they're saying things I agree with or not is irrelevant.Those two things are not just political statements like "Vote for Bob because he'll give us a new building". Biblical teachings and teachings about what is or isn't a sin directly relates to religion even if it is a hot topic in politics. If a preacher says "theft is wrong" then this doesn't mean they are engaged with politics since theft happens to be illegal.   I certainly agree with you that churches shouldn't be a front for political games and ones that are should have tax-exempt status removed. I would even be fine with a preacher talking about the importance of electing government officials who believe in God but I think the line should be drawn when it is clear the sermon is becoming a political commercial for a specific candidate or is in substance this. Granted this is a hard standard sometimes but overall I don't think many churches have a problem with this.
And now you're guilty of what you just accused me of. When you agree with what they're saying, its ok, but when you don't it's not.  It's based on Biblical principles, not on political correctness.  Stop killing the innocent unborn.
Have you read the Old Testament? In Numbers, God says don't count any male child under one month old as a person. They also didn't count girls at all. He also had them burn Tamora while she was pregnant.  No, God didn't say this BUT thanks for responding to a post that is over 5 years old.
Number the children of Levi after the house of their fathers, by their families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou number them. And Moses numbered them according to the word of the LORD. -- Numbers 3:15-16  Tamar thy daughter in law hath played the harlot; and also, behold, she is with child by whoredom. And Judah said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt. -- Genesis 38:24  Exodus 21:22 (RSV) When people who are fighting injure a pregnant woman so that there is a miscarriage, and yet no further harm follows, the one responsible shall be fined what the woman's husband demands, paying as much as the judges determine.  But thanks for not having anything constructive to say.  Oh good grief newbies are all the same on this forum...  Honestly, how many times do you think I've heard the Exodus and Numbers quote on this forum given my post count and join date? Do a search on the Exodus one...easy to see that is wrong.  The Numbers quote has nothing to do with who or who isn't valuable to God. That's like saying counting people over the age of 40 years old means everyone below is not a person.
Oh good grief newbies are all the same on this forum...  Honestly, how many times do you think I've heard the Exodus and Numbers quote on this forum given my post count and join date? Do a search on the Exodus one...easy to see that is wrong.  The Numbers quote has nothing to do with who or who isn't valuable to God. That's like saying counting people over the age of 40 years old means everyone below is not a person.  A divinely appointed prophet from the womb:  Jeremiah 1:5 &#8211; &#8216;Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, before you were born I set you apart; I appointed you as a prophet to the nations.&#8221;  Psalm 139:13 &#8211; &#8216;For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother&#8217;s womb.&#8217;  Of course, the question here is: What divine insight does the pro-abortion crowd think they have to where they can destroy in a mother&#8217;s womb that which God is somehow instrumental in creating? (righterreport.com)  Stop the infanticide of abortion.
I was watching the Bill Maher show today and they had Jane Fonda on. She mentioned that she has recently become a Christian and that HER god is one that supports a womens right to choice. Now there are so many problems with this that I don't even know where to start. Not only that, I am saying this as almost a "newbie" Christian as in I don't know everything there is to know about the Bible. However, I do know that the Christian God that is defined in the Bible is against abortion. Many argue that the Bible is not what the Christian God is because it has been translated into a meaningless document. How is this true when we have so many of the original scrolls? Moreever, how can one claim what God thinks if they don't have anything to base it on? For example if you say the Bible is worthless, you are a Christian, and God believes abortion is ok...then how did you come to this conclusion? The Christian God talks about how one is created before they were put in the womb. God also talks about not killing. So if you wish to be Christian and for abortion you need to rethink one of those stances. God doesn't conform to anyone.  I wouldn't say one can't be a Christian if they support abortion but I find it really hard to understand how one justifies or rectifies it with the Bible or their faith. Ultimately their are responsible to God for what they believe and how they advise others on what to do in a situation based on that belief. I know that one of the things God HATES and there aren't many things mentioned in the bible that He hates, one of the things is the shedding of innocent blood. If God HATES such a thing then I certainly do not want to support it. I don't know what could be more innocent than an unborn child. I did a bit of research on abortion & the bible a few years ago, here is a collection of what I found - Abortion & The Bible
I wouldn't say one can't be a Christian if they support abortion but I find it really hard to understand how one justifies or rectifies it with the Bible or their faith. Ultimately their are responsible to God for what they believe and how they advise others on what to do in a situation based on that belief. I know that one of the things God HATES and there aren't many things mentioned in the bible that He hates, one of the things is the shedding of innocent blood. If God HATES such a thing then I certainly do not want to support it. I don't know what could be more innocent than an unborn child. I did a bit of research on abortion & the bible a few years ago, here is a collection of what I found - Abortion & The Bible  Can we get away from quoting 5 year old posts? Seriously, if you don't take the time to actually read the thread why should I respond to your post?
Okay I know I'm getting in on this debate late and quoting stuff from a long time ago but I was shocked that no one brought this up earlier in the discussion.   I didn't see the word abortion in Luke. Maybe if you wouldn't mind so much could you please show me where God mentions something about it? Because I asked for a direct passage on abortion. Not one that you think/feel/believe that COULD be. I am looking for the concrete. Not the subjective.  Linus, I can see your point. It seems like something that has become such a big issue these days would in some way be referenced by God in the Bible to lead believers in the right direction on this issue. I understand why you would want a concrete reference specifically to abortion to make the case for or against rock solid.   But, just because God doesn't DIRECTLY say anything about abortion in any book in the Bible doesn't justify it. Abortion was not even created yet when the Bible was written, so you can't expect the biblical authors (who God spoke through but were still fully human) to write about it when it didn't exist!   The Bible doesn't mention anything about murder by handgun. God doesn't mention murder by a bomb in the Bible. Both of these still go against the commandments and everything Jesus taught, so they are wrong. In the same way, you can extend this reasoning to the abortion debate.  Even in a non-Christian context, you can't validly claim something is false just because there's no way to see it or it is not specifically referenced somewhere. For example, you can't see electrons. I truly doubt that you would make an argument against electrons just because you can't see them.  In the same way, just because you can't see a way that the Bible doesn't specifically condemn abortion doesn't mean that it doesn't condemn abortion. Jeremiah 1:4-5 and Luke 1:15 (which have both already been quoted) point to God blessing and knowing babies in the womb, which should prove to those who believe in the Bible that unborn babies are people that have worth in the eyes of God.   So once again you didn't find a direct verse that said God was against abortion? So my point still stands.  If God didn't want us killing someone in the womb then why did he order his followers to murder unborn babies of the Mideanites and Amalekites? How can you explain the barbaric tale of Numbers 5?  In regards to your whole point about God killing babies with the flood, ordering the Israelites to kill people in Numbers, etc., those were the actions of God. They were not human actions. Godly actions are so far out of our comprehension that it is impossible to compare them to human ones. Therefore, you quoting these verses lends nothing to this argument.   Corey Collins
How do you know?  I would say look at the human body for evidence of such. It's both an incredibly robust, and incredibly delicate system, capable of amazing feats of strength, wonderful miracles, and at the same time can be destroyed with a sewing needle.  Look at a strand of DNA and all it has to hold. Hair color, eye color, skin color, height, weight, gender, genetic predisposition to diseases, etc. how could something so intricate and complex not be the handiwork of a higher being?
I was just giving my two cents on the matter. I never claimed to have all the answers that would be sought out.  Besides nobody ever said God was striving for the perfect creation when we were being designed. But that doesn't change the fact that the human body is far too intricate to be the result of random chance of design.
Contrary to what's been claimed on this thread, God loves abortions. God essentially performs them. These must be coerced and not the woman's choice over her own body, natch....  "Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up" (Hosea 13:16)emoticon_xkill  Isn't that the genocidal wiping out of a warring nation? That doesn't count as abortion in today's sense does it? God didn't command people to become abortion doctors and terminate viable pregnancies because of divorce or unsafe sex did He?
Abortion is abortion. When you value the fetus as merely a smaller, more innocent version of a sentient human person from conception onward, which I believe has its problems, God must be performing the same despicable "murder" in the "pro-life" view, no? Are you saying it's unacceptable if a woman and her doctor choose it, and it's safe and clean and done for mundane reasons? Yet if the abortions are done in the context of another of this supposedly perfect God's genocidal destructions of his imperfect creations; well then it's all good?  Abortion is murder, plain and simple.   In addition, your radical left wing morality isn't going to fly in the afterlife.
 The word "abortion" does not appear in any translation of the bible!  Out of more than 600 laws of Moses, none comments on abortion.  Sorry, but you have no argument that holds any water. -poet  That's what you think because like so many flaming liberals you've never studied the Bible in depth.  What does the Bible say?  Psalm 139:13 - 'For you created my inmost being;  you knit me together in my mother's womb.'  Jeremiah 1:5 - 'Before I formed you in the womb I knew you,  before you were born I set you apart;  I appointed you as a prophet to the nations."  Of course, the question is, what divine insight does the pro-abortion crowd think they have to where they can destroy in a mother's womb that which God is somehow instrumental in creating?   Quotes on abortion, from Mother Teresa:  "But I feel that the greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child - a direct killing of the innocent child - murder by the mother herself. And if we accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people not to kill one another?"   "By abortion, the mother does not learn to love, but kills even her own child to solve her problems. And by abortion, the father is told that he does not have to take any responsibility at all for the child he has brought into the world. That father is likely to put other women into the same trouble. So abortion just leads to more abortion. Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching the people to love, but to use any violence to get what they want. That is why the greatest destroyer of love and peace is abortion. "   "Please don't kill the child. I want the child. Please give me the child. I am willing to accept any child who would be aborted, and to give that child to a married couple who will love the child, and be loved by the child. From our children's home in Calcutta alone, we have saved over 3,000 children from abortions. These children have brought such love and joy to their adopting parents, and have grown up so full of love and joy!"   "It is a poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish."  That's liberalism - avoiding personal responsibility and making someone else pay for your convenience (like future generations paying for your healthcare). Parasites.  You're busted, Poet!  Read your Bible going forward and you won't be so embarrassed next time.  What all pro-abortion liberals have in common: THEIR MOTHERS ALL CHOSE LIFE!!   emoticon_xbouncer
So God is an abortionist and a murderer, as my Bible Quote showed:  "Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up" (Hosea 13:16)  Great argument...NOT!  Don't confuse murder with justice, sport. You radicals always do that.  You want to mess with God? Then be prepared to meet him at your Judgment.
If we adopt your beliefs will we become like you?  For starters you'll quit defending butchering the unborn.
How did those fetuses God destroyed, mess with God? How was it a form of "justice" for God to destroy them?  They're (the unborn) in heaven. Their parent hosts are likely down in the Pit. Don't judge too early because life in the womb / on earth is just a pinprick on a line stretching out into eternity. So, the innocent dwell in heaven with God and the unrepentant go down to perdition.
Because defending the butchering of the unborn will get us sent to hell, right?  Yep, unless you repent and receive Christ. You can count on it.
So my motivation is purely self serving?  He wondered.
Absolutely nothing! The word "abortion" does not appear in any translation of the bible! Out of more than 600 laws of Moses, none comments on abortion. One Mosaic law about miscarriage specifically contradicts the claim that the bible is antiabortion, clearly stating that miscarriage does not involve the death of a human being. If a woman has a miscarriage as the result of a fight, the man who caused it should be fined. If the woman dies, however, the culprit must be killed:  "If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely punished according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he shall pay as the judges determine.  "And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life, Eye for eye, tooth for tooth . . ."--Ex. 21:22-25  The bible orders the death penalty for murder of a human being, but not for the expulsion of a fetus.  nevadalife.org/exodus_22.htm errantskeptics.org/Exodus2122.htm
The word "abortion" does not appear in any translation of the bible!  You're spiritually crippled.  What does the Bible say?  Psalm 139:13 - 'For you created my inmost being;  you knit me together in my mother's womb.'  Jeremiah 1:5 - 'Before I formed you in the womb I knew you,  before you were born I set you apart;  I appointed you as a prophet to the nations."  Of course, the question is, what divine insight does the pro-abortion crowd think they have to where they can destroy in a mother's womb that which God is somehow instrumental in creating?   Quotes on abortion, from Mother Teresa:  "But I feel that the greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion, because it is a war against the child - a direct killing of the innocent child - murder by the mother herself. And if we accept that a mother can kill even her own child, how can we tell other people not to kill one another?"   "By abortion, the mother does not learn to love, but kills even her own child to solve her problems. And by abortion, the father is told that he does not have to take any responsibility at all for the child he has brought into the world. That father is likely to put other women into the same trouble. So abortion just leads to more abortion. Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching the people to love, but to use any violence to get what they want. That is why the greatest destroyer of love and peace is abortion. "
   And what does the Christian Zealot Crowd think bout God killing innocent babies and ripping them from their mothers wombs?.    Show me the scripture where God rips a baby from a mother's womb. Otherwise head out with your grocery cart.  Why don't you answer the question this time?  What divine insight does the pro-abortion crowd think they have to where they can destroy in a mother's womb that which God is somehow instrumental in creating?
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,155326,00.html  She is the guardian of the state.....this is going over the line now. emoticon_mad
A thirteen year old having a kid?!! Well, if she wasn't raped I'd say she'd deserve the labor pains! What an idiot!
There was a study in Britain back in 1999 that concluded the risk of breast cancer following an abortion was trivial, almost as insignificant as getting lung cancer from a lifetime exposure to second-hand smoke - UNLESS it was the first pregnancy that was interrupted. If the first pregnancy was interrupted, the likelihood of subsequent breast cancer was right up there with the likelihood of lung cancer after a lifetime of smoking. (The study is obviously not politically correct, so I've seen no mention of it on this side of the Atlantic.) The study didn't address causes, and only noted the correlation, but the lead doctor did speculate that it may have something to do with hormonal changes that need to run to completion.  Once again, the state of Florida takes the lead in losing and abusing its children.
Like I said before if she had the stupidity to get pregnant she should at least have to go through the labor pains! She can give it up for adoption. Well, she should be required to give it to adoption because she is certainly not mature enuf to take care of it!
She should have thought about the damage it would do before she had sex
This is the same type of person (age 13) that the left want parent notification denied.....
Speaking for the left now, eh VOR?  all you have to do it keep up with the news and you might find out who is against parent notification...........Never mind, you will never do that.......
First off, to the people who have reply'd to the origal post. It is unfare of you to blame the state for a girls mistake. A 13 year old who has sex in the first place does not have the maturity to even understand how stupid that is! I agree that she is not very smart but don't be so judgmental, you don't know what her life is like or what she has gone through. Also, in the custody of the state, do you really think she has the means to have and raise the child who would no doubtedly end up in the same cycle as the young mother? As a young parent myself, not 13 but still young, I whole heartedly agree that if the girl want's an abortion, she should be able to have one. And she is going to have one because the state is allowing her to have one. For the young girls near future, i hope that the state will put her in some therapy and help her understand that she is too young to have sex.  You make some great points but she could carry the baby to term and then put it up for adoption...........There are long lists of people wanting to adopt babies...........I know a couple that waited 5 years and then adopted a child from South Korea..........  Why does the innocent baby have to forfeit its life?
Are you talking to yourself now?  I guess that was for me.......great answer as usual........ emoticon_rolleyes   Sad...........
I think adoption is always a great idea, but if she doesn't want to have the baby, she doesn't have to. It's not up to you or even me. I feel bad for people when it takes years to adopt, but it's not the fault's of women who choose to have an abortion, i'm sorry, it's just not.  Nikki, who speaks for the innocent, defenseless baby in the womb?  They have committed no crime...........They have a right to life...............40,000,000 abortions since Rowe V Wade was approved in 1972.......  So very sad..........
And you could ask a kindergardener to explain quantum physics.   Chances are - she does not know, she simply does not get it. Not at that age. No real idea about pregnancy or parenting. She is a child. Not to mention - a body ill-prepared for pregnancy will not just be harmful to mother, but also baby.  I note that you did not responde to my part about the fathers. So it's not that you think people who make stupid mistakes deserve pain - but that stupid females do - exclusively. Sorry I didn't read all of it! the father also should be punished but usually is because of having to pay child support. However, it should be a privilege for the mto be able to pay for their mistake. Maybe we need to start educating those in middle school at 6th grade the difference between love and having sex.
I have read a lot of your reply's, i have no doubt that you are a smart man, but don't try to belittle me for my beliefs, i am not calling you sad am I? I think that women have the right to choose, as so many millions of american's feel. I had a baby at 15, i raised her by myself and abortion wasn't even in my head, i just think that we have a right. There are things about abortion that i do not believe in, such as partial birth or useing abortion as a form of birth control, but it's a legal right, a woman's right.  I am not trying to belittle you, far from it.......I am not calling you sad.......I think its sad that millions of babies have to die....I commend you for carrying your baby to term but you avoided my question........How about the baby? Doesn't he or she have any rights? Why does he or she have to pay for the mistakes of their mother? The legal right you talked about is a law made by liberals who do not care about human life...... It is a horrible law that hopefully sometime in the near future will be overturned.....I think the law of God takes precedence.........  God bless you for having your baby and raising it the way all mothers should.........
For a 13 year old girl that could greatly damage her body to have a pregnancy so young. She is just starting to grow and mature, and its not healthy, natural, or right to have a pregnancy at that age. She could cause alot of damage being that young.  WF, that is true and if the young lady life is endangered then to terminate the pregnancy would be appropriate but get a neutral doctor to make that decision, not one from Planned Parenthood or and abortion clinic who have a biased interest in performing abortions...............  That is all I ask...........
[QUOTE=nikki22005]I am not trying to belittle you, far from it.......I am not calling you sad.......I think its sad that millions of babies have to die....I commend you for carrying your baby to term but you avoided my question........How about the baby? Doesn't he or she have any rights? Why does he or she have to pay for the mistakes of their mother? The legal right you talked about is a law made by liberals who do not care about human life...... It is a horrible law that hopefully sometime in the near future will be overturned.....I think the law of God takes precedence.........  I think i have a liberal point of view but i care about human life. In studies, women who intend to give there babies up for adoption will later decide to raise the baby themselves once they see the baby, in some cases, having dire if not horrible reprocutions. to answer your question, I don't think a fetus has rights, not until it starts to develop, i believe an abortion in the first tri-mester should be legal and i don't find it to be murder and I never will. They are not babies, they are a fetus, if it was a baby or infant they would call it an infant. The law will never be overturned, not in our lifetime, i along with millions of other women will fight to keep it legal, just as you will fight to have it overturned. and you havn't answered my question, how do you feel about stem cell research?  When you found out you were pregnant did you say "I am going to have a baby or I am going to have a fetus"?  Thousands of young women have had abortions and regretted the decision the rest of their life.......In fact the woman who was used in the Lawsuit that sprang Rowe V Wade has since stated it was the biggest mistake of her life and that she was used by radical feminist groups in the action........  I don't know you but when it comes to abortion your views don't sound that liberal to me.............You just want to abide by a flawed law that has killed millions of babies............
The 13yr old girl was ruled to be smart enough to know if she wants an abortion or not. However, if she is smart enough to get an abortion then she is smart enough to have sex, know the consequences, and know how to take care of a baby. I honeslty don't think the 13yr old girl knows the consequences of her actions at all and therefore shouldn't have sex, get an abortion, or take care of a baby. Obviously she had sex and got pregnant. Now she needs to learn the consequence of this action much the same way I learn from my mistakes. Should she keep the baby? No, because she doesn't know how to take care of one. If you let her get an abortion you are just saying that there are no consequences to your mistakes because we can always cover them up or make them easier for you. This really gets me steamed. She had sex, she needs to know what happens when you do have sex. I bet she will have many more abortions after this because there is no consequence to being irresponsible anymore.
When you found out you were pregnant did you say "I am going to have a baby or I am going to have a fetus"?  Honestly and I am sure you are looking for the truth, when I was pregnant, I didn't say anything, to anybody. I didn't even realize i was pregnant until i was 4 and a half months pregnant and once i found out i was too scared to tell anyone and didn't tell my dad till i was 8 months along. And also, if i am here being honest, i never called her my baby in the first place, not until i had her for 3 weeks, because i didn't like her, i didn't understand how to take care of a child and never had a mother myself. If my father had known or i went to planned parenthood or knew more about babies, i would never have had her. Thankful now that i have her, it wasn't always that way and there was resentment for a long time. I was lucky, i had the support of my family but millions of women don't have that help, don't have support and abortion can seem like the best option for them, even if they later regret it, which is stupid on those mothers parts. If there was doubt, the mother shouldn't have done it. Sometimes what seems right at the time, if your broke and have no one, then later in life, you have more support and what not, it's easy to regret it i'm sure.  OK, have you ever heard any woman when she found out she was pregnant say "I am going to have a fetus"?
 i believe an abortion in the first tri-mester should be legal and i don't find it to be murder and I never will Wait, only the first trimester? Why then? Is a "fetus" all of a sudden a person after 3 months? Nothing insane happens from 2months 29 days to 3months 1 day. It was simply a way of dividing up pregnancy that a judge made up.  They are not babies, they are a fetus, if it was a baby or infant they would call it an infantAnd? A fetus is a person...a baby is a person...an adult is a person.  I think i have a liberal point of view but i care about human life.Yet you don't care if it dies? Human life begins at conception as many scientists have pointed out. Even if science disagrees you should still take it on the safe side until you do find out. Would you say that we should take a chance that the "fetus" is not a human and keep doing abortions until we find out for sure when human life begins? I don't think human life is something to play around with like that. But to each there own i guess emoticon_rolleyes
Lets say for example that when i was 15 i did have an abortion and now 7 years have gone by. I would have been able to use my scholarship to art school and would have gotton my degree, had a great job by now, looked back and said "i would have a 7 year old now... i could have supported her damn it" and felt regret. It's all how you look at it I guess. Not that right now i am some bum on the street or anything, because i am not and my daughter lives a very spoiled life, but some people would choose the latter and have thier life dreams and goals, to most people who feel they can't support thier child, i agree with that. People do have a right to live thier lives the way they want to, even if they have abortions and believe in capital punishment, it's an american right. If you don't like abortions, don't have one.So you support people being selfish? Listen to what you wrote...You say that instead of seeing a pregnancy as an opportunity you see it is a threat and thus kill the baby inorder to satisfy your own wants. That is selfish anyway you look at it. You can always go to school and do the things you want and have the baby. Will it be harder? YES, however, you made a choice to have sex. I guess none of you took classes in self-leadership. A baby that was unplanned shouldn't be viewed as a threat because the "obstacle" is more of an opportunity to show what you can do. A person that has a kid at 15 and makes time to go to college is a hero...a women that gets the abortion is selfish. I think that a want is not a right and that you have a right to live which is more then your want to live your life the way you want to. The baby deserves to live.  So your saying here that "making" her have the baby would be the only "punishment". I agree with you that she isnt responsable enough and doesnt know the "consequences" of what she did, so she obviously wont beable to care for a baby. Your saying here that she shouldnt have an abortion because thats the only "punishment". So if she shouldnt have an abortion, all she can do is have the baby, yet you state that her having the baby is a bad idea. Seems like you contradicted yourself a little.  There can be other types of consequences instead of ruining her life...Who said it was a punishment? I said the 13yr old should deal with the consequences...that is far from a punishment. It is more of a lesson in life, there are no quick easy fixes. The only punishment would be to the baby that gets aborted. The girl has sex and punishs the baby by death...that makes no sense. She needs to face consequences the way everyone else does, this is how we learn. This goes beyond abortion too. Pain, depression, stress are all normal things people should feel. Not everything is happy flowers. This is why Prozac makes me mad too. This fixes nothing for most patients. People need to stop looking for quick fixes and deal with the problems they are dealt. Just because it is hard doesn't mean you don't do it.   Do you view problems as opportunities or threats?
Okay then, i don't care about human life. So when i have a miscarrige, do i then bring the dead human life to a preist, have it baptized then bury it in a cemetary? I guess that is up to you. Oddly enough a baby that died before birth is buried next to my grandfather.   By the way Nikki..you can quote by using the quote option. It is the little box that looks like a quote bubble underneath the word [Color] and 2 to the lft of the # sign. just hit that at the beginning of the quote and then again at the end of it...or if something pops up, paste the quote in there. I didn't know if you knew that or not so I just thought I would help :p
OK, have you ever heard any woman when she found out she was pregnant say "I am going to have a fetus"?   no, because if a woman was going to carry to term, once it was born, it would be a baby.  Yes but that is not what she says.........She says I am going to have a baby.........Never mind.......
I like your quote!"It is a boldfaced.....
nikki22005: I like your style. We all make mistakes in our lives, but the measure of anyone's character lies in dealing honorably with the consequences. I salute you.   Moreover, in later years I think you will become more convinced that you made the right decision. At least I did. I got married a week after I turned 19; the marriage was a disaster (and ended nearly 40 years ago), but the kids and grandkids bring me far more joy than any fraternity parties I might have missed.
I believe I stated that she is not responsible enough to have sex or any of those things. However, one did happen..she had sex. Now she should face the consequence of this action because she thought she was responsible enough. I suspect she will learn otherwise. Maybe a little kid thinks he is responsible enough to play with fireworks...you tell him no and he does it anyway. He blows his hand off. He made the choice and now lives with the consequences eventhough he wasn't ready to have no hand and to be playing with fireworks.
WhiteFalcon,  I think that every mistake has a consequence and by letting her make the decision to have an abortion is like telling her that having sex at 13 is ok because you can just get an abortion. How about showing her that there is a consequence to her action. She won't be having sex again if she has that baby. Not only that, a life will have been saved. I don't think her life would be ruined unless she ruins it. Obstacles don't ruin someones life....Your own personal choices do. You are right, she isn't mature enough to have sex, take care of a baby, or be pregnant (have a baby), however she is mature enough to learn what a consequence is.
And the moral decay of American society at the hands of judges continues unabated - pass the puke bucket please.  Now every teenage girl (and boy) in the U.S. will read the headlines tomorrow, and realise there is yet one more improper behavioral consequence they will not have to face.  How lovely, a state approved abortion for a 13 year old ward of the state who is 14 weeks pregnant.    http://www.sptimes.com/2005/05/03/State/Judge_okays_abortion_.shtml
I think since the 13yr old is smart enough to have an abortion that she is should be smart enough to find a place to live...Kick her out of government supported housing...yeah i know, I normally support helping people but in this case I support teaching the girl a valuable lesson that she just an immature girl that doesn't know what she is doing.
Your not "teaching" this girl a valuable lesson by ruining her life. Thats just it she doesnt know what she is doing, so you have to "teach" her by leting her know what she really is doing, not by ruining her whole life by making her care for a baby. Its things like these that ruin familys, and this is especially worse cause she is just 13 and doesnt know what she is doing.How is it ruining her life? Lots of things are obstacles in my life...they don't ruin it.   Its not that cut and dry. Sure she made a mistake, however this "consequence" is unfair and rediculous. so is KILLIING THE 14 WEEK OLD UNBORN BABY...but no one seems to care about that....actually, I don't think making her have the baby is unfair.  Yes she is mature enough to LEARN what a consequence is. Making her have a baby wouldnt teach her. You need to educate this girl, not ruin her life with making her suffer a consequence she probably was barley aware of.  Rebuild and Teach instead of DestroyWhat better way to teach then to give her the chance to see what having sex does. I am sure she had learned at some point that having sex can get you pregnant...that obviously didn't work. This will. If I steal something something I should pay a consequence too...jail time...I don't ask for someone to teach me that stealing is wrong. BLAH
So you say to ruin her life by making her have a baby.Do you suggest we should ruin her life and risk her health by giving her an abortion?
So are you guys saying she is mature enough to make a decision about abortion?
There was a study in Britain back in 1999 that concluded the risk of breast cancer following an abortion was trivial, almost as insignificant as getting lung cancer from a lifetime exposure to second-hand smoke - UNLESS it was the first pregnancy that was interrupted. If the first pregnancy was interrupted, the likelihood of subsequent breast cancer was right up there with the likelihood of lung cancer after a lifetime of smoking. (The study is obviously not politically correct, so I've seen no mention of it on this side of the Atlantic.) The study didn't address causes, and only noted the correlation, but the lead doctor did speculate that it may have something to do with hormonal changes that need to run to completion.  Once again, the state of Florida takes the lead in losing and abusing its children.   Not to be pedantic but have you any sources to the uk study from 1999 please? Only asking because it doesn't make sense that termination of a first pregnancy can increase the chances of breast cancer yet a miscarriage or still born in a first pregnancy doesn't yet in both cases the hormonal changes have not run to completion.
What an unholy pile of addle-pated twiddle poop!  So, in your estimation a 13-year-old has the adult level of reasoning necessary to protect herself from being raped or seduced by another person, most likely an adult who has insinuated himself into her life and convinced her that he is trustworthy.  And at the same time you claim that she is not mature enough to take care of the resulting child. Hmmm, wonderful logic here.  So, where were the state custodians in this stupid little, tragic comedy? Where was the wonderful presence of Governor Jeb Bush who runs the state of Florida so wonderfully, including a child protection agency that has the most wonderful record in the world?  But, you can't answer that, can you?  If you refer to the beginning you'll find that I put if she was NOT raped I think that she should have to go through the pain. At least she'd never do it again!(IF she wasn't raped!) I feel differently however if she were raped!
Whoah! Here comes the Karl Rove propaganda again!  It was the fault of the JUDGES!  Tell me, was it a judge who served as parent of this CHILD?  Was it a judge who neglected to inform the police in a timely manner that this CHILD had gone missing?  Was it a judge who served as a neglectful parent and allowed this child to go missing and fall prey to predatory men?  Was it? You really need to settle down! I don't think making enemies of everyone in here is what you want to do! I have people pick on me all the time but we're still friends.....right guys?????Maybe?????
Not to be pedantic but have you any sources to the uk study from 1999 please? Only asking because it doesn't make sense that termination of a first pregnancy can increase the chances of breast cancer yet a miscarriage or still born in a first pregnancy doesn't yet in both cases the hormonal changes have not run to completion.I don't, but I wish I did. It raised an interesting question that I think deserves further investigation. The study only noted a correlation, and drew no conclusions of causality. A naturally occurring miscarriage or still birth may somehow provide an orderly shutdown for the interrupted changes, but it's all speculation.
Ooooooooooh! So it is not STATUTORY RAPE to engage in sexual activity with a 13-year-old CHILD. Um, what state do you live in? Or, do you actually live in America? I do live in america and in North Dakota and if would depend on the age of the kid she was doin'!
Ooooooooooh! So it is not STATUTORY RAPE to engage in sexual activity with a 13-year-old CHILD. Um, what state do you live in?  Or, do you actually live in America?  Even in the uk this is statutory rape and at the very least corruption of a minor.
I am very choosy about who I have for my friends.  And, frankly, there are some who would I would be ashamed to claim as friends, I have standards, ya know.  You wanna be my friend? Think and reason. Think outside the box. If I thought outside the box, you wouldn't know what I was thinking would you? Then you wouldn't have to harp on me and that would be no fun for you or me!
Interesting that you inject that particular bit of political agenda in to this discussion. Following Karl Rove's orders?  Oh, but in this case the parent was the State of Florida, Jeb Bush's Florida, he's the governor, remember that?  Sooooooo, where was the parent of this unfortunate child? Why did it take so bloody long for the bloody parent to notify the proper authorities that this CHILD was missing--and remember SHE IS A CHILD?  Yeah it was in Florida in West Palm beach i believe where the democrats had no clue in the 2000 elections........I guess I should not be surprised how screwed up it is.............
Oh! Here we go again!  The HOLY, PRECIOUS, SACRED FETUS IN THE WOMB! Which becomes a piece of fecal material to folks who worship only the fetus as soon as it exits the womb.   That is so sad.........some day you may have to answer to your maker for that blasphamey
VOR I like your avatar! I think i'm in love emoticon_xlove with your avatar. emoticon_rolleyes :p
1 - A 13 year old is a little girl. She simply does not have the maturity to understand what she is getting into if she does consent to sex. Then how can she consent to an abortion? If she doens't understand sex then abortion is way outta her league.  2 - She can't consent to sex. Age of consent varies from state to state - the youngest is SC at 14, everywhere else it's at least 16.Yet abortion is a piece of cake decision? I don't think so.  4 - It is physically dangerous for a girl this young to be pregnant.  5 - You do not punish a little girl by saddling her with consequences that are scary and difficult for adults.It is dangerous to have the abortion too. what were the facts...1 out of 10000 die from the pregnancy and 1 outta 30000 die from the abortion. Both are pretty small odds. (I think someone posted that earlier). So the danger is not a big issue. Also, a consequence is not a punishment. The punishment would be sending her to jail or grounding her..something like that. Pregnancy is a consequence for her action. She doesn't know how to consent to sex and she surely doesn't know how to consent to an abortion. However, she will learn a lot about sex if she has the baby...Most people learn from the consequences from their actions.
Then how can she consent to an abortion? If she doens't understand sex then abortion is way outta her league.  Yet abortion is a piece of cake decision? I don't think so.  It is dangerous to have the abortion too. what were the facts...1 out of 10000 die from the pregnancy and 1 outta 30000 die from the abortion. Both are pretty small odds. (I think someone posted that earlier). So the danger is not a big issue. Also, a consequence is not a punishment. The punishment would be sending her to jail or grounding her..something like that. Pregnancy is a consequence for her action. She doesn't know how to consent to sex and she surely doesn't know how to consent to an abortion. However, she will learn a lot about sex if she has the baby...Most people learn from the consequences from their actions.   That is a good point actualy and then there is the fact that she needs consent from her gaurdian which just happens to be the state and by law the state cannot sign consent for a minor to have a termination. Basicaly if this termination went ahead then the state would be breaking it's own laws.
The 13 year old girl is not mature enough to care for a baby. She is not even old enough to make a decision about an abortion. She is still a child and her parents should be making these decisions....not the courts or anyone else.  So if she had to have surgery or she would die, would it be ok if the parents objected to modern medicine and let her die?  Why do the parents get to decide if she lives or dies? if her baby lives or dies?   Personally, I think that a life begins when "the breath of life" is given to a born infant. If life begins at conception, could you take that fetus out of the womb and it live? No, so to me, it is not a living viable entity, it depends on an umbilical cord to exist.   That is how I see it.  You could take a 6 month old baby out and it would live.  It takes extra care, but all newborn babies can't live without lots of care.      And I read the article linked by Duo_Maxwell and that girl seems much smarter than your average 13 year old, especially in foster care.
I think since the 13yr old is smart enough to have an abortion that she is should be smart enough to find a place to live...Kick her out of government supported housing...yeah i know, I normally support helping people but in this case I support teaching the girl a valuable lesson that she just an immature girl that doesn't know what she is doing.  It's not legal for a 13 year old to have a job.
or to have sex....
or to have sex.... sure it is, as long as the other person is also below the age of consent.  At least, I'm not aware of any laws that prevent two 13 year olds from fornicating. I guess the same laws would apply to playing doctor.
VOR I like your avatar! I think i'm in love emoticon_xlove with your avatar. emoticon_rolleyes :p  Its my son............
Am I to understand that this portion of Florida seceded from the State of Florida and is not under the governship of Jeb Bush?  Or, are you just tossing in a red herring?  No, its just a dumb democrat county that has no clue as evidenced by their stupidity in the 2000 presidential election.......
sure it is, as long as the other person is also below the age of consent.  At least, I'm not aware of any laws that prevent two 13 year olds from fornicating. I guess the same laws would apply to playing doctor.   Pardon are you for real there or just being sarcastic? Sex is illegal fulstop under 16 whether it be two 13 year olds or one 13 year old and one 16 year old the law is still being broken.
I will have to answer to my parents?  you better hope so........
Happy to oblige       http://www.avert.org/ageconsent.htm
I honestly don't know if it has happend but i'm pretty sure that it could do . I will check it out and get back to you.
Pardon are you for real there or just being sarcastic? Sex is illegal fulstop under 16 whether it be two 13 year olds or one 13 year old and one 16 year old the law is still being broken.  Are you?  Please show me something that says that 2 - 13 year olds will be charged with a crime for having sex.  I've never heard of it.  Ok, I see your site, but I don't see where it says what you claim.  All it says about stat rape is:  Statutory rape is the crime that someone can be charged with if they have sex with a person who has not reached the age of consent but who agrees to have sex. Some countries have different names for this, and some states in the US call it 'unlawful sexual penetration' or just 'rape'.  But, this is implying that 2 - 13 year olds would be charged for having sex.  This is not the case.
http://streetlaw.stanford.edu/Curriculum/Lesson5A.doc  This is all i could find at the moment hope it helps a little if not it is still intresting reading :)
Are you?  Please show me something that says that 2 - 13 year olds will be charged with a crime for having sex.  I've never heard of it.  Ok, I see your site, but I don't see where it says what you claim.  All it says about stat rape is:  Statutory rape is the crime that someone can be charged with if they have sex with a person who has not reached the age of consent but who agrees to have sex. Some countries have different names for this, and some states in the US call it 'unlawful sexual penetration' or just 'rape'.  But, this is implying that 2 - 13 year olds would be charged for having sex.  This is not the case.   And what would you call two 13 year olds having consentual sex if not by the legal term of statutory rape?   Ok i gave my link which as far as i can see is a valid link so how about you suplying your source that states that they won't be charged with stautory rape(having consentual underage sex).
That didn't answer my question though Jitobear.  If she is not able to consent to sex then how is she capable of consenting to an abortion?
Grils that young are not physically ready for pregnancy. According to this link girls under 20 are 4 times as likely to have problems and die due to pregnancy than a mature woman. And that pregnancy complications and unsafe abortion is the number one cause of deaths in women under 20 (I suspect this may be a global statistic that may be lower in the western world where there is better medical care).  A girls body is not ready for pregnancy.  http://www.infoforhealth.org/pr/j41/j41chap2_3.shtml  Is it ready for and abortion?
And what would you call two 13 year olds having consentual sex if not by the legal term of statutory rape?  Are they charged with a crime????  That's what I was asking....   Ok i gave my link which as far as i can see is a valid link so how about you suplying your source that states that they won't be charged with stautory rape(having consentual underage sex).  It's a valid link that doesn't say whether 2 underage kids would be charged with a crime for having sex.  The only thing I have found (doing your work for you) is something about British law, which wouldn't apply to the kid in Florida.  http://www.ageofconsent.com/comments/underagesexlaw.htm  The 14-year-old who has admitted making his 12-year-old girlfriend pregnant If found guilty of statutory rape, the maximum sentence is life, but average sentences for rape are between five and seven years.  This is implying that the 14 yo was charged with a crime. I wonder if the girl was also charged? If not, this is British law that seems weird to me...
http://streetlaw.stanford.edu/Curriculum/Lesson5A.doc  This is all i could find at the moment hope it helps a little if not it is still intresting reading :) This is a much better link.  The law in California does say that 2 people under 18 cannot lawfully consent to sex with each other.  Interesting that it says sex is ok between them if they are married.  So they are old enough to get married but not old enough to have sex without being married.
Who is more important: the girl or the baby she's carrying?   She has a 30% higher chance of death if she goes to term then aborting.  This fact makes it seem like she has a 30% chance of dieing....lol it goes from like .003% to .01% chance....you have a better chance of dieing in a car accident i bet :p.  Are you joking?! Do you understand the responsabilities and maturity that it takes to beable to care for a kid. This is girl is 13! There was once a man who had deformed legs and was supposed to be nothing. He didn't look at this as if his life was ruined. He looked it is as an opportunity. He is know one of the fastest runners in the world. Would be baby ruin her life? That depends on how she rises to the situation. Not to mention she can just put it up for adoption.  No one seems to care about how sad of a life this baby will most likley have and probably end up making mistakes just like this girl.As if you know this? I guess we won't ever know.  I am applled that you are so close minded to see just about giving her a "consequence" because she did wrong and the only way to learn is to make her have a baby. You need to look at all the problems that would occur if a 13 year old GIRL would be to have a baby. This is absoloutley rediculous that you think it right to make a 13 year old girl have a baby.Oh, i think it is ridiculous all right. However, abortion is not the fix. Everything has a consequence just like pregnancy. It will not kill her to have the baby and it have saved a life. How you could say one life is worth killing just so another one doesn't have to deal with the consequences of her actions?
and you the same duo....your high school "I know everything" additude is annoying me (and probably many). You once said age shouldn't matter...yet it does. I have learned how dumb I was just 2years ago and will probably learn later on that I am dumb now. I am not saying I am wrong, however people in high school and college(however much better) are far less mature then someone 23(or so)+. For this very reason I think that an older person has more credibility. This is why I respect and actually take into account Jitobears and Sigmas arguements more so then yours. I would say this is a good credibility indicator: High School or below: Extremely Probable they don't know what they are talking about College: More likely then not they don't know what they are talking about...however the level of credibility increases from freshman to graduate. 23-25 age+: 60-75% chance they are credible. This is probably somewhat accurate however I would ask upon those 30 and up to critique it as I fit into that graduate college range.  That pointless rant aside,  I was just saying that when you say the risk is 30% higher it comes across as 30% chance of dieing. It is a psychology thing :). Never the less...abortion would be safer however not by any real amount. .003% is next to nothing and so it .01% (or whatever it is) so one could say she has above a 99% chance of living with both cases. Which still doesn't answer why she should have the ability to consent to an abortion.
It's not my fault you don't read carefully. Stop trying to blame me for your own problems.     When was this? Oh yes, I do recall that. I said that age doesn't matter in a argument in the terms of the debators as such a claim is the fallacy of knowledge of the ancients. Once again, you show your affinity for dishonest quote context.     And that proves their arguments wrong how? Oh wait, it does not. You are merely using the fallacy of knowledge of the ancients, which by all means is a fraulent argument. :) Shall I start counting your acts of fraud in this thread as well?     First of all, that's stupid. Second, no one call actually tell the age of anyone here. To declare such when the verifiability that the claim depends on does not exist is sheer insanity. It is similar to saying that person A who is behind a wall and gives no evidence of age besides merely stating something has more credibility then person B who is behind a wall and gives no specific age. We cannot prove who is older. As such your claim is quite ludacrious and falls apart.     No, you don't respect my arguments because I highlight your fraud. No one likes it when their fraudlent behaviors are shown to everyone. Not to mention I keep bringing up stuff you refuse to answer for obvious reasons. :) Besides, I don't care if you respect my arguments or not. It is irrevelant.     Well, your logic dictates that if someone does not know the vast majority on a subject, they know nothing about it. Therefore everyone from birth to the grave who does not know the vast majority about something, knows nothing about it. :p I offered you the chance to get out of that insane line of thinking. You came back with a pathetic insult.     Once again, we cannot prove age here. Your argument is based upon something that cannot be used. For all I know, you are a 15 year old typing off a accounting magazine. Such is the problem with claims of age, not to mention that age itself is no inherent sign of intelligence or wisdom.     You were wrong. Once again, it is not my fault you cannot read carefully.     I never answered that. I never intended to answer that. I never made any notion to answer that. If you want a answer to that, I suggest you ask someone who was making the claim.  Come on give it up little man..we all know your a 10 year old...... :)
Come on give it up little man..we all know your a 10 year old...... Gee...what gives you that idea emoticon_rolleyes   I seriously wonder if anyone thinks Duo is credible. He is entertaining though. I wonder what lame fallacy he will bring up next.  Anyway, my question about why she should have the ability to consent to an abortion still needs to be answered. I know it is the "law" that she can..however does the law make someone have the ability to do things?
I am tempted to say that you are a good example of age being a good indicator of credibility but I wouldn't want to be mean.
I hate to break the news to you Duo, we all know what age group you fall into.    Side note: I made it to the birthday list by the way :) Happy birthday me
it is true...you never stated it...and didn't need to. However, we need not argue about that..I think the 13yr old girl getting an abortion is more important. I still want someone to tell me how she is competent enough to make a decision about abortion.
I still want someone to tell me how she(13yr old girl) is competent enough to make a decision about abortion.
This is a much better link.  The law in California does say that 2 people under 18 cannot lawfully consent to sex with each other.  Interesting that it says sex is ok between them if they are married.  So they are old enough to get married but not old enough to have sex without being married.   Yes i noticed that a bit hypocritical really isn't it?
You might put yourself in these peoples shoes for a moment. If you had a 13 year old pregnant girl, would you want the state to decide what is best for her? I wouldn't. I wouldn't want the state involved. Now, I don't know where the parents of the girl were, but they are the ones who should be responsible for the welfare of this girl..    The parents of the girl were responsible for her welfare but unfortunatly they didn't seem to be doing a very good job of looking after her welfare hence her becoming a ward of the state.
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,155326,00.html  She is the guardian of the state.....this is going over the line now. emoticon_mad    HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
If she is too young to go through labor pains, she is too young to have an abortion... And if she didnt know what she was doing at age 13... for pete's sake she must have the mind of a 7 year old. Not to mention she must've been going through ovulation before that... ay?? she had to know what was going on.
alright. I see you abandon your unfounded, unproven claim.  I'll pick it up from here....  First of all, that's stupid. Second, no one call actually tell the age of anyone here. To declare such when the verifiability that the claim depends on does not exist is sheer insanity. It is similar to saying that person A who is behind a wall and gives no evidence of age besides merely stating something has more credibility then person B who is behind a wall and gives no specific age. We cannot prove who is older. As such your claim is quite ludacrious and falls apart.  Once again, we cannot prove age here. Oh really? Wow, I would have never guessed. This is news to me considering...   Funny. Why is it that everything I said about you has been proven true? You're a coward when it comes to defending your positions. You haven't been in the military at all. Virtually every prophecy you say is false. You flip flop like Bush and Kerry. You don't know anything about liberalism or conservatism. You call everyone who disagrees with you a liberal. The list goes on and on. Not to mention you're a 13 year old from Florida. here's the full post   Then why did you support Dubya? (i know you're about 5 years to young to vote)... here's the full post   Because his IP is from a Florida ISP. you could check it on PWH, and I have at least 4 other people check it recently, and unless he's running a country wide proxy, (which is rather stupid for a 13 year old), he's lying. Here's the full post     That doesn't make sense. How can a 13 year old have served in the military for 46 years? Here's the full post   Here is yet another example of Duo holding other people's arguments to a higher standard than he holds his own. Duo, you said "Second, no one call actually tell the age of anyone here. To declare such when the verifiability that the claim depends on does not exist is sheer insanity." Are you right? Anyone claiming to know age on these boards without evidence is insanity? Duo, if you are right, you are calling yourself insane. That's not going to help you out on the credibility meter. Perhaps you might want to amend some of you posts?
You might put yourself in these peoples shoes for a moment. If you had a 13 year old pregnant girl, would you want the state to decide what is best for her? I wouldn't. I wouldn't want the state involved. Now, I don't know where the parents of the girl were, but they are the ones who should be responsible for the welfare of this girl.Very true, but the state has been this girl's ward for four years. As sad as it may be, the state is the parent.  Why would anyone want a 13 year old girl to have a baby is beyond me. Do you think she will raise the baby, or will it end up in a trash can? There are a lot of things worse than abortion and you know those things happen.Adoption is always an option.  When my daughter was in high school, she came to me one weekend, hemmed and hawed for several minutes, assuring me over and over that this was a school assignment, and finally asked how I would react if she told me she was pregnant. I thought for a few seconds and gave her my gut reaction that I would support anything she decided except trying to raise the baby herself. I was surprised to learn the next week that only two other girls in her class had dared to carry out the assignment - apparently there was not a high level of trust and confidence between her classmates and their families, which I think is very sad.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) Thanks man! Too bad I can't do anything today :(
Thanks man! Too bad I can't do anything today :(   Awww byour kidding you have to do something for your 21st.
The question one has to ask is it more dangerous for the girl to carry the baby to term or to abort it?
The question one has to ask is it more dangerous for the girl to carry the baby to term or to abort it?   To be honest i think that the risks are equal they are no higher in childbirth than they are in termination there are no qaurentees in either.
sorry i disagree but that is just my opinion and i am not a doctor.  http://www.cmaj.ca/cgi/content/full/168/10/1253  http://www.afterabortion.info/PAR/V8/n2/finland.html  http://www.humanlife.net/abortionarticles/notsafe.html
Abstract  Top Abstract Methods Results Interpretation References   Background: Controversy exists about whether abortion or childbirth is associated with greater psychological risks. We compared psychiatric admission rates of women in time periods from 90 days to 4 years after either abortion or childbirth.   Methods: We used California Medicaid (Medi-Cal) records of women aged 13-49 years at the time of either abortion or childbirth during 1989. Only women who had no psychiatric admissions or pregnancy events during the year before the target pregnancy event were included (n = 56 741). Psychiatric admissions were examined using logistic regression analyses, controlling for age and months of eligibility for Medi-Cal services.   Results: Overall, women who had had an abortion had a significantly higher relative risk of psychiatric admission compared with women who had delivered for every time period examined. Significant differences by major diagnostic categories were found for adjustment reactions (odds ratio [OR] 2.1, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1-4.1), single-episode (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.3-2.9) and recurrent depressive psychosis (OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.3-3.5), and bipolar disorder (OR 3.0, 95% CI 1.5-6.0). Significant differences were also observed when the results were stratified by age.   Interpretation: Subsequent psychiatric admissions are more common among low-income women who have an induced abortion than among those who carry a pregnancy to term, both in the short and longer term.
Abortion Is Four Times Deadlier Than Childbirth   New Studies Unmask High Maternal Death Rates From Abortion   David C. Reardon, Ph.D. Abortion advocates, relying on inaccurate maternal death data in the United States, routinely claim that a woman's risk of dying from childbirth is six, ten, or even twelve times higher than the risk of death from abortion.   In contrast, abortion critics have long contended that the statistics relied upon for maternal mortality calculations have been distorted and that the broader claim that "abortion is many times safer than childbirth" completely ignores high rates of other physical and psychological complications associated with abortion. Now a recent, unimpeachable study of pregnancy-associated deaths in Finland has shown that the risk of dying within a year after an abortion is several times higher than the risk of dying after miscarriage or childbirth.(1)   This well-designed record-based study is from STAKES, the statistical analysis unit of Finland's National Research and Development Center for Welfare and Health. In an effort to evaluate the accuracy of maternal death reports, STAKES researchers pulled the death certificate records for all the women of reproductive age (15-49) who died between 1987 and 1994--a total of 9,192 women. They then culled through the national health care data base to identify any pregnancy-related events for each of these women in the 12 months prior to their deaths.   Since Finland has socialized medical care, these records are very accurate and complete. In this fashion, the STAKES researchers identified 281 women who had died within a year of their last pregnancy. The unadjusted mortality rate per 100,000 cases was 27 for women who had given birth, 48 for women who had miscarriages or ectopic pregnancies, and 101 for women who had abortions.   The researchers then calculated the age-adjusted odds ratio of death, using the death rate of women who had not been pregnant as the standard equal to one. Table 1 shows that the age-adjusted odds ratio of women dying in the year they give birth as being half that of women who are not pregnant, whereas women who have abortions are 76 percent more likely to die in the year following abortion compared to non-pregnant women. Compared to women who carry to term, women who abort are 3.5 times more likely to die within a year.   Such figures are always subject to statistical variation from year to year, country to country, study to study. For this reason, the researchers also reported what is known as "95 percent confidence intervals." This means that the available data indicates that 95 percent of all similar studies would report a finding within a specified range around the actual reported figure.   For example, the .50 odds ratio for childbirth has a confidence interval of .32 to .78. In other words, it is probable that 95 percent of the time, the odds ratio of death following childbirth will be found to be between 32 percent and 78 percent of the non-pregnant woman rate. The 95 percent confidence interval for the odds ratio of death following abortion was reported to be 1.27 to 2.42 of the annual rate for non-pregnant women
Abortion is not as safe as we have been told  Risky Business   Over one hundred potential complications have been associated with abortion in medical literature. Some are short-term and others have long-term consequences. Thus, an abortion recorded as complication-free in a short term study, might, in fact, cause long-term damage. The longer women are kept under surveillance after an abortion, the higher are the reported rates of complications. Every type of abortion procedure carries risks that can be serious. The earlier the abortion is done, the lower is the rate of immediate and short-term "major" compli-cations. Late term abortions greatly increase the probability of harm. The younger the patient, the greater the long-term risks to her reproductive system. And all risks greatly increase when women experience repeat abortions.   The nine most common major complications resulting from vacuum abortions are: infection, excessive bleeding, embolism, ripping or perforation of the uterus, anesthesia compli-cations, convulsions, hemorrhage, cervical injury and endotoxic shock.   Minor complications include: minor infections, bleeding, fevers and chills, second degree chemical burns, chronic abdominal pain, vomiting, gastrointestinal disturbance, weight loss, painful or disrupted menstrual cycles and Rh sensitization.   The risk of infection increases the chance of two long-term complications - infertility and ectopic pregnancies. Scar tissue left by the infection may block the fallopian tubes resulting in total or partial infertility and an increased probability of ectopic pregnancies. If a chronic infection results, a total hysterectomy may be required months or years after the abortion.   Cervical damage may occur during the "scraping out" in a vacuum or D&C abortion or during the "expulsion" in a saline or prostaglandin abortion. But it is during the forced dilation of the uterus in vacuum and D&C abortions that most cervical damage is incurred. During forcible dilation, which occurs in all early surgical abortions, the cervix is hard and "green." Thus, a tremendous stress is placed upon the woman's "green" cervical muscles which virtually always causes microscopic tearing of the muscles and occasionally results in severe ripping of the uterine wall - a major complication. The resulting weakening of the uterus may develop an "incompetent cervix" which, unable to carry the weight of a later wanted pregnancy, opens prematurely, miscarrying or prematurely birthing.   Most data available on complications are based on information that is voluntarily reported by abortion clinics. But these clinics have an interest in minimizing or covering up their mistakes. No law requiring accurate reporting from clinics exists. Moreover, when compli-cations do occur, few women go back to the abortion clinic which caused the problem. Women turn to family doctors instead, thus never showing up as a complication in study results.   Vital Statistics   "10,000 women are hospitalized for abortion complications each year."  -"Ulcer Drug Tied to Numerous Abortions in Brazil," New York Times, 5/19/93, p. C13.  The rate of immediate and short-term abortion complications is 10% or more. This figure is based on a reported 100,000 abortion complications in 1977, when the total number of abortions was one million. The 10% rate is an undisputed minimum rate. It does not include unreported or long-range complications such as infertility.  Two independent studies place the compli-cation rate for vacuum abortions at 12%. Considering both immediate and long-term complications, a major German study found the total complication rate for vacuum aspiration abortions exceeded 31%.  Since the legalization of abortion in 1973, there has been a 300% increase in ectopic pregnancies in the United States.  In a series of 1,182 abortions which occurred under closely regulated hospital conditions, researchers found that 27% of the patients acquired post-abortion infection resulting in fevers lasting three days or longer. The infection rate from outpatient "abortion mills" is probably much higher. A woman's body will overcome milder infections, but long-term damage may still result. Mild or severe infections may extend from the uterine lining to the fallopian tubes or to organs adjacent to the uterus.  In one study of 74 women killed by legal abortions, anesthesia complications ranked as the third leading cause of death. The officially reported rate of anesthesia complications is one per 5,000 first trimester abortions.  Women who undergo just one induced abortion are three to four times more likely to suffer from secondary infertility than non-aborted women. Numerous studies have found that three to five percent of all aborted women are inadvertently left sterile by the operation.  Nearly 60% of all abortions are for first pregnancies. Though normally only five percent of all babies are born prematurely, this rate jumps to 40% among women who have had abortions.  The risk of long-term complications following an abortion is ten to twenty times greater than the risk of any complications following childbirth.  Above statistics documented in Aborted Women, Silent No More, © David Reardon, 1987, pp. 93-113.   Human Interest   "Physically, many (aborted women) have paid a high price for their abortions. Along with incomplete abortions, hemorrhage, and infections, some have suffered the loss of other internal organs, infertility, miscarriages, tubal pregnancies, premature births and stillbirths. Some have never had another child. Sadly, some never will, as they have lost their wombs to 'safe, legal abortion.'" - Karen Crabtree, Heart to Heart Ministries, "Testimonies of Regret, 20 Years of Legal Abortion," January 1993. Crabtree has gathered the testimonies of more than 500 women.
You very rarely hear about a death when a woman carries a baby to term but you do hear of them when there is and abortion and you also hear thousands of women later saying the regreted the decision to abort and it was the worse mistake of their life..............
A baby pregnant - yikes.Ripley's Believe It Or Not had a case once of a South American girl (Ecuador? It's probably been close to 50 years since I read it) who gave birth at age 8. Does Guiness keep track of these cases?
I think guiness book does keep track of it!
Steve - regarding whether she can consent to abortion.  Technically I don't think a minor can consent to either sex or abortion in any state (unless emancipated). I know that is how it is in Minnesota. I am sure the laws vary from state to state.  Medical decisions generally fall to the parents.  I know whether minors should have access to abortion without parental notifications is a controversial issue. On the surface one would think, of course not - but there is concern for those girls who are in abusive situations at home. And as I told VOR, if I had a daughter bound and determined not to tell me, I would rather she have access to safe abortion than resort to something drastic.  A baby pregnant - yikes. Personally I think it's innapropriate and dangerous for a little girl to carry a pregnancy to term. But I would sure love to simply avoid it through better prevention. I do not think an abortion would be anything but scary for her either - but technically, at that age, it would be safer.  Steve - in no way, shape or form is a 13 year old ready for this - not physically, mentally or emotionally - not for pregnancy, and certainly not for parenting. I have a neices that old - good gracious - no way!  Jitobear, the ruling was that she can consent to the abortion and that is why she is getting/had one. I also understand it would be harsh for her to deal with being pregnant...however the girl is 14 weeks into it. So she has dealt with that... I don't believe she has the right to an abortion so therefore I think she should deal with the consequences of her actions. I guess a 13 year old is not ready for jail however if they break they law I would send them to jail. Ugh, it is my bday I am done with the forums until I am done with exams :p
And there are equally as many of women who have no regrets and believe their choice was correct. One woman regretting her decision does not trump the next woman being able to make her own decision.  I guess you just don't hear from them..... emoticon_rolleyes Even the woman that was used to get Rowe V Wade has said getting that abortion was the biggest mistake of her life and that she was duped by the militant feminists to file the lawsuit.....................  Its sad that you feminists have no sympathy or compassions for the innocent, defenseless baby in the womb............
Ah, cone and his ignorance. Do you realize that you are arguing from a position of inherent laziness? VOR has litterally given his entire history on WS. Merely because you were too lazy to even open the link I sent, does not make my claims wrong. If you bothered (which you obviously will not as that requires effort upon your part and you are obviously not willing to expend the time) you would notice a long string to threads and posts on WS that show VOR's real age. You always say I'm lazy; I always prove you wrong.  Here's some instances where Duo said I was lazy, and I proved he was being less than honest.  This Post, This Post, This Post, This Post   I suggest you actually read the context as you seem to have the same problem as steeeve when it comes to dishonet quote usage. VOR is wrong because his arguments are factless, not because of his age. This seems to be your response when someone points out that you hold other people's claims to a higher standard than you hold you own. The fact remains that you said Once again, we cannot prove age here.  but, you also say this When I smack VOR for his age,  check it out   Why bother smacking people for their age when you can't prove their age?
Hey, I can't make you accept the truth. Remind me, have you ever actually looked at VOR's history? :)   All of those links prove one thing: you didn't use the link I provided on this site at least 4 times that ran a search on VOR's history. How is my claim of your laziness wrong when your posts prove such?     Did you not even read my posts? I gave you specifics as to how VOR let his real age out, or how that his claims of old-ness were outright lies.   Notice how I said here. As I recall, no one here has given hugely conflicting claims about their age. Notice how I said WS, refering to the site that VOR was on in the past. Seriously, that's the fallacy of selective reading. C'mon cone, you're smart enough to figure that out, but then again, I have been lately assigning intelligence to people who prove they don't actually have it in the quantity I believed them to have.   Also, VOR's age isn't why he's wrong. Huh. I remember saying that as well.  I can't believe how fascinated you are in me "Little Man" I am flattered...... :)
You very rarely hear about a death when a woman carries a baby to term but you do hear of them when there is and abortion and you also hear thousands of women later saying the regreted the decision to abort and it was the worse mistake of their life..............  Actually I never hear of either...  It doesn't make the newspapers.
How is that even possible? I though that females start menstration at age 10-12. I suppose there are exceptions though. That's insane though.  Actually I read that the main requirements are roughly 17% body fat and 115 pounds.  That's why fat girls get their period earlier than skinny girls.  Also, some girls never reach 115 or 17% and have a very late start.
Actually I never hear of either...  It doesn't make the newspapers.  They are there my friend............You got to read the news and not just look at the pictures........... :)
Actually I read that the main requirements are roughly 17% body fat and 115 pounds.  That's why fat girls get their period earlier than skinny girls.  Also, some girls never reach 115 or 17% and have a very late start. Never knew that b-4! Cool! I'll have to keep that in mind to tell others!
That "analogy" refers to "human will" and "tenacity". Not to "responsability" and "maturity" to take care of a kid. Those are 2 different things. That analogy says nothing and has no relation. Your darn right a baby would ruin this girls life. Where are the parents in this situation? From what I know they are barley doing enough to care for their daughter, so they sure as heck wont be ready for their own 13 year old Daughter to have a baby of her own. The girl certaininly isnt near ready to have a baby either.First off, she is in the custody of the state. Second, I never said she should keep the baby. She should put it up for adoption. My analogy by the way does have human will and tenacity..however, we all can have that...that guy was running at 13.  Think about it...Its obvious, this girl is 13.You really don't know.  How do you know it wont kill her to have the pregnancy? This baby would put a burden on this girls life and her whole family. At some times a "consequence" to try and show whats right is really "wrong". What you arent realizing is what it takes to take care of a kid. What you arent realizing is how hard of the babys along with the girls life will be. What you arent realizing is how stupid it would be to make a 13 year old GIRL to go through labor!Well, I am 99.97% sure she won't die. The baby wouldn't be a burden on anyone if she put it up for adoption..and then it would be a blessing. Whoah, raising a kid and going through labor are two different things. The 13yr old shouldn't be able to take care of the kid, however, she shouldn't be able to end his/her life either. So put it up for adoption and all problems are solved.  My bladder was permanently damaged by my pregnancy I had to comment on this. I was such a big baby that it damaged my moms bladder to the point where she has to get major surgery on it next month :(....oops. emoticon_xangel
 And you misogynists have none for women   I have compassion for both them other and the baby........I just think a woman needs a good reason to murder her baby unlike you.......
Having a 13 year old go through pregnancy though is pretty tough.   Its just as tought for her to have an abortion, something she might regret the rest of her life........
That depends, but I'd rather not force a 13 year old to have a baby.  Why would you force her to have and abortion then? emoticon_confused
I wouldn't force that either. I'd keep it as an option.  This girl is in a group home right? What difference does her geographical location possibly have to do with commiting the great sin of killing her baby? This country needs more God fearing two parent households, not more group homes.
I wouldn't force that either. I'd keep it as an option.  This girl is in a group home right?  Yes and the state made the decision for her...........
Ummmm, I'm wonder if she is in a group home or if she is living with her parents or relatives. Chill!  Okay then, I will have one more Bloody Mary and chill out. :)
As I read a previous article on this, she requested one and it was blocked sending this to the courts. Am I wrong?  You might be right, I am not sure...........I just feel the damage caused by an abortion would be worse then the damage of giving birth.......  Just my opinion........
It hard to know what she will believe when she gets older. Having the baby then puting it up for adoption would be best, but I have no idea what a pregnancy for a 13year old would belike, so I really can't put myself in her shoes.  I can't either but I believe if your going to error then do it on the side of life.....
 She shouldnt go through a pregnancy at 13. Read Jitobears post a few above this, which explains why it is so dangerous and unhealty for a 13 year old GIRL to go through a pregnancy It is dangerous and unhealthy for an abortion too. you are talking about .001% and .03% death percents (which is where i got my 99.97% by the way). I mean really..to save a life it is not that dangerous.  The risks and problems rise greatly when a girl is only 13. Girls that have just started to begin "maturity" arent fit to complete something that is difficult for "adults". See above...I disagree  You may be 99.97% certian she would not die, but what do you base that on. And that has nothing to do with all the problems that could occur during pregnancy that could "ruin this girls life". Just cause she has a small chance of "dying" or even if she wouldnt need to actually "care for the baby" doesnt mean her life couldnt be "ruined". This "life" you talk about isnt one, as of when it is still a "fetus". Can you prove it is not a life? It has its own seperate human DNA....at some point it can live on its own....it looks like you and me....why is it not a life? It is not part of the women because it will come out and continue to live(as opposed to if your lung comes out it will die). So I think the burden on proof is proving it is not alive...as it would be better to play it safe then to risk killing...right? I would say a .03% of ruining someones like is better then a 99.99% chance of ruining someones life.
Hmm, thats strange you say that, because you are so quick to be for the death penalty. I dont beleive the death penalty is on "the side of life".  WF, that is a cop out and you know it........The innocent, defenseless baby in the womb did not murder or rape anyone..He/she committed no crime against another human being.........
Given that like something around 20% of death penalty cases are wrong, executing someone then exonerating them is kind of disturbing.  I personally think its about 1 percent and with new DNA techniques hopefully it will be lower then that soon..........
A mass of undifferentiated cell is not a human being. When there is a brain matter and neural activity then we can talk.  I think a lot of liberals try to convince themselves of that so they can sleep at night...........
Death Penalty System Called Highly Flawed Two-Thirds of US Cases Overturned by Frank Davies   Two-thirds of all death-penalty convictions in the United States since executions were reinstated in the 1970s have been riddled with serious mistakes that led to reversals and new trials, and Florida's rate of error was even higher, a Columbia Law School team has found in a massive study released today.  Reviewing all 4,578 cases from 1973 through 1995 in which a final decision was reached, the study found that 68 percent were reversed by state or federal courts. In those cases that were retried, 82 percent of the defendants received a lesser sentence than death and 7 percent were found not guilty.   Florida's overall error rate of 73 percent was slightly higher than the national average. In the 23-year period, the state had 870 death sentences, which resulted in only 36 executions because of appeals, reversals and delays.   snip  http://www.commondreams.org/headlines/061200-03.htm  68 Percent Error Rate Found in Death Case Study   Author calls serious problems 'epidemic'  Marcia Coyle  The National Law Journal   snip  When the 68 percent overall error rate is broken down into its state and federal components, the study, which covers the period from 1973 to 1995, reports:    Of 599 death sentences finally reviewed in their first federal habeas corpus petitions, federal courts overturned 40 percent, or 237, because of serious error.    Of the 4,578 death sentences finally reviewed by state high courts on direct appeal, 41 percent, or 1,885, were thrown out because of serious error. When that rate is combined with sentences overturned at the next stage -- state post-conviction proceedings -- state courts found serious error in 47 percent of death sentences.    Of 26 states that had at least one case move through the three stages of state and federal review, 24 had overall error rates of 52 percent or more.    Two errors trigger the majority of reversals at the state post-conviction stage: "egregiously" incompetent defense lawyers who overlook evidence of actual innocence or evidence supporting a lesser sentence, and prosecutorial or police suppression of such evidence.   snip  http://www.truthinjustice.org/68percent.htm  Eye opening isn't it? Err on the side of what now?  I very seriously doubt those statistics........A couple of liberal web sites will not change that...That is why I usually refrain using Drudge or Newsmax as a ref..........
The innocent man on death row didnt do anything either. I thought you said to "err on the side of life".    btw- VOR, I responded to you Iraq troops/mission debate in the current threads a little bit ago. Im not sure if you skipped over it or not because a lot of post were going at the time. Just to give you a heads up if you didnt already know.   Did you ever hear a guy or death row say he was not innocent...All the murders and rapes are just and illusion, a mirage...........   Thanks, I will check it out...........
If the guy says he is innocnet, that doesnt make it true. Innocence is proved by "proof". "Proof" isnt asking the the guy on death row if he is guilty or not. No need to kill an actuall "innocent" man, I just dont see how it "errrs on the side of life".  I think the number of people executed that are innocent is less then 1 percent regardless what the liberal media organizations with their agenda put out..........  It is sad that any innocent person is executed but to compare that with 40,000,000 innocent babies murdered in the womb since Rowe V Wade was enacted in 1972 is ridiculous...........
And you'd be wrong. I already pointed out with retroactive math that at least 300 have been executed. several thousand have been killed already. Even if that was 3,000, the innocents executed would be 10%.   Is that acceptable?Your "retroactive math" reminds me of the aeronautical engineer back in the thirties who "proved" that bumblebees could not fly using a similar technique. The devil is in the details of your assumptions... :p
Your "retroactive math" reminds me of the aeronautical engineer back in the thirties who "proved" that bumblebees could not fly using a similar technique. The devil is in the details of your assumptions... :p   "Little Man" never let the facts get in the way of and argument......  Ok Liberals focus like a laser beam.......This thread is about abortion,,,,,,,If you want to argue the death penalty take it to the right subject thread......
"Little Man" never let the facts get in the way of and argument......  Ok Liberals focus like a laser beam.......This thread is about abortion,,,,,,,If you want to argue the death penalty take it to the right subject thread...... HAHA, I wouldn't worry about 'little man' and facts. I think most people on the forum has realized this by now.  This aside, I think we should get back on the topic of the 13 year old girl being allowed to make the decision to get an abortion. No one has said why SHE should be able to make that choice.
Ahh but of course... The conservatives run away yet again,because they have been beat in an argument, and try to change it around with a cute little comment. Sorry boys and kids, but you lose. Good try to quickly change the subject.  First you "conservatives" need to actually "focus" if any at all, because its obvious its hard for yall.  I thought I already said that WF emoticon_confused    Ok Liberals focus like a laser beam.......This thread is about abortion,,,,,,,If you want to argue the death penalty take it to the right subject thread......
Yeah....What are you talking about WhiteFalcon?
No silly, you said focus like a "laserbeam". I said any focus at all. You see there is a difference. Now if you had "any focus at all" you would see that :p emoticon_cool  Picky, picky
But of course I am talking about the obvious "escape" you have attempted from the arguments, because you know you are beat. Lets go "conservatives", time to "focus" like a laserbeam....... yeah, thats gotta be it emoticon_rolleyes
yeah...I'm Sorta conservative don't make fun!
I think they do have good reasons to abort. But then I think there are many serious issues women face that deserve to be addressed. You see only one - impending death, with everything else being selfish or frivolous. That is not compassion for woman. Quite the opposite actually . It simply makes you another garden variety misogynist who fails to see any value of women past their reproductive organs.    BEEEEP  Wrong answer. Pregnancy will be more dangerous for her at that age. She is a little girl. Got that? Not teen. Not woman. Little freaking girl. Go down to your local middle school and look around.   And remember - I am the one between us who has actually has had experience as a 13 year old girl and being pregnant.  Sorry i was pregnant at 14 and it did me no harm. Of course there is dangers being pregnant so young but there are also dangers having a termination so young.
We have 2 young women that have spoken with completely different views on the subject...............Truth be told no one knows but I error on the side of saving the life of the baby as well as the mother.........
True ... it is her body & her decision after all.  Yeah, just butcher the baby........His/her life mean nothing...... emoticon_rolleyes
And instead you suggest she be forced to remain pregnant? She means nothing?   I err on the side of the woman.  I say if the girl's life is not endangered then carry the baby to term......Why do you always blame the baby? He/she is not the one that went out and got pregnant......  Its a good thing your mother did not err on you?
 1) Yeah, what a great life that baby would have   Put the baby up for adoption......There are thousands of couples out there that can't have children and have waited years to adopt one......
What am I blaming the fetus for? I have not blamed it for anything. I agree, it did not go out and get pregnant. What is the significance of this? Are you saying that the woman needs to be punished for going out and getting pregnant?    Truly, it is. However, I would never turn around and say "You could have made the wrong choice with me, therefore I will make sure you never have a choice in the future". I am glad she chose life. I am also glad she had a choice. She chose to have me and I love her for that.  Are you so insecure, Voice Of Reason, that you believe you would not have been born if your mother had a choice?    imo, women should not be forced to remain pregnant to provide a child for someone else.  I know you are only interested in murdering the innocent, defenseless baby in the womb.............
... *sigh*. Yes, that must be it.  I guess the truth hurts...........If per chance its not true then for once defend the innocent, defenseless baby in the womb..........
lol, whatever floats your boat. My attempts at a rational discussion have failed with you  That is because you have lost the debate.........There is no logical reason to murder babies in the womb unless the mother's life is endangered and you know it.....Have a nice evening...... :)
Ha ha ha! There is no logical reason for you to not adopt ten Sudanese orphans, and you knot it. There is no logical reason for you not to donate all your earnings to charity, and you know it. There is no logical reason for you to support the troops in Iraq, and you know it...  Shall I go on?  I'm down with murdering unborn babies and I'll freely admit it. If that's what people want to do, then go nuts. It's no business of mine. Nor is it any of yours.  Sudanese babies have already left the womb........This is not about children already born.........This is about murder in the womb  Nice smokescreen though
You have provided no logical argument.  Great response........ emoticon_rolleyes
Why not just cut to the chase and make sex outside of marriage illegal? This is the driving force behind the pro-life position, control of women's sex lives that was lost with the women's liberation movement.  I could care less about a woman's sex life...Unlike you i care about the consequences of her stupid behavior when it results in a pregnancy and an abortion for convenience.........
Okay, so what if we say that we care enough about helping this girl to support her agency in this matter? She made a mistake (and hopefully it was a mistake rather than a rape), and we should help her by disposing of the fetus.   This abortion will not be a matter of 'convenience', but rather of safety considering she is too young to deliver a child more safely than the child may be aborted.  As for the value of the fetus, I think the life of the mother is more valuable than the life of an unborn fetus she unwillingly carries.  It would be nice if she could bring it to term so it could be adopted, as she's obviously in no condition to look after it, but since that's more dangerous to her health than aborting it, and she doesn't wish to bring it to term, then it should be aborted.   Could you please supply a source to substantiate your claim that childbirth is more of a risk to a 13 year old than termination is? bearing in mind that i have had a child at 14 and there was no mention of childbirth being any more of a risk because of my age which if this was true i am sure my doctor would have informed me and suggested a termination which he didn't.
It takes two to make a woman pregnant. It's sad that I need to remind you of this and it's pathetic that you blame just the woman for an unwanted pregnancy. Are you letting your mask slip and showing the real "women are property to do as men say" you hidden beneath by any chance?   That is true............I blame both people.............Sadly the male in the situation has very little to say about whether the child is murdered in the womb or carried to term...........Maybe if he did there might be less abortions......
 This abortion will not be a matter of 'convenience', but rather of safety considering she is too young to deliver a child more safely than the child may be aborted.   Who says that? The abortion doctor.........
Could you please supply a source to substantiate your claim that childbirth is more of a risk to a 13 year old than termination is? bearing in mind that i have had a child at 14 and there was no mention of childbirth being any more of a risk because of my age which if this was true i am sure my doctor would have informed me and suggested a termination which he didn't.   I don't think he/she can do that unless the source is and abortion clinic which profits financilly from performing abortions........
Personally I'd prefer that abortions don't happen, but I feel that a woman's choice is preeminent in these matters - a woman should be able to choose, for good or ill.That's a valid point, and most of society feels the same way. However the issue at hand is whether or not she has a right to change her mind several weeks or months after the original decision.  More importantly, the question is: At what point does a potential citizen have a right to the protection of the state? Unfortunately the Supreme Court interrupted the political discussion, and thereby set off a cultural civil war that has gone on for more than thirty years.
We do, and are allowed to do things all the time which are not strictly logical or necessary. We can get drunk and sing karaoke, we can own pets, we can kill and eat animals, and even each other in some places of the world. And if we want, we can murder unborn babies.Very good! I especially like the comparison of abortion to cannibalism. They are indeed in the same class...
Jitobear says something to the effect that pregnancy is riskier (pg 14) and I think someone else further back brought up some alleged statistics.   I would suspect that the actual risk, as opposed to the average risk, depends on who it is that's having the baby. I don't really know the details of either case, so I can't make a functionally accurate call.   Mind you, it could have been the case that you were such that carrying to term was less risky for you. Or maybe your doctor didn't approve of abortion. Without knowing more I couldn't say.   But then I'm not arguing that the girl in question should keep the baby or not, I'm saying she should have the choice and that the better choice (if the alleged statistics hold true) appears to be an abortion.   Personally I'd prefer that abortions don't happen, but I feel that a woman's choice is preeminent in these matters - a woman should be able to choose, for good or ill.   VoR: The men had their say when they decided to engage in risky sexual behaviour with the woman.   I'm sorry but i don't consider hearsay to be a valid source.  Someone saying something is true does not make it so i have noticed that there is a lot on the risk of termination on the net but not so much about risks in childbirth. It is my oppinion that childbirth is no more risky at 13 than it is at 30.
I don't think he/she can do that unless the source is and abortion clinic which profits financilly from performing abortions........   You could be right there emoticon_xagree
Then take it up with Jitobear. I'll see what I can do to dig up the numbers from the internet where people wrote down very careful hearsay. ;)  Indeed it doesn't. But I'm not making a claim to truth, which is rather impossible on the internet, but stating a conditional. IF something is true THEN something else must be true if that something else follows by induction or deduction.  I can't say I've really formed an opinion about whether childbirth is riskier for any woman at 13 than any woman at 30. In the case that it is true, I don't think that it really matters on the issue of whether a particular person should be allowed to choose whether or not to undergo an abortion. But in the case that it is, note the conditional, it may be more prudent for her to undergo the procedure.   It is certainly better, in a moral sense, if she is allowed to make that decision for herself.   I completly agree that it doesn't matter if she is 13 or 30 but then i am not the one stating that it is more risky for a 13 year old to give birth than it is to terminate.
I completly agree that it doesn't matter if she is 13 or 30 but then i am not the one stating that it is more risky for a 13 year old to give birth than it is to terminate.  Excellent point....... emoticon_xhoho
Bottom line is liberals can rationalize all day that its the woman's body and she has the right to termonate a pregnancy any time during the term she wants too......If there were not a living human being growing inside her I might agree, but no one has the right to terminate that life unless the mother's life is endangered or in the case of rape and incest.........  Only God should make that determination.......
And we will have a lot of really hurting mothers and babies if you refuse to acknowledge other factors as well. Financial issues, health issues, access to medical care, having a safe living environment and a million other issues will continue to impact pregnancy and influence the decisions of women regardless of the legal standing of abortion.  If you really want to reduce abortion and help babies - you have to do better than this - otherwise you will fail. That or you really don't care.  Oh, and not to split hairs - but actually women at this point in time do have the right to terminate their pregnancies (at least in the US).  And we have a lot of women that who have had abortions regretting it the rest of their life including the woman who wast the complaintant in Rowe V Wade.......  Plus 40,000,000 babies aborted since 1972, most needlessly........40,000,000 think about it.......that figure is numbing.....That is more people then there are in New York and California combined..........
And yet America still has no poblems with under population...............Think about it, if all those "babies" were to "live". Quite a few people, no? It just adds possibilities of over population and more problems into the mix.  I see you keep where your from a secret.........Overpopulation, you can't be serious.......Maybe we should kill everyone over 70..........To many people, give me a break...........What a stupid comment....  Those babies that were murdered in the womb had as much right to life as you or I do..............
And yet America still has no poblems with under population...............Think about it, if all those "babies" were to "live". Quite a few people, no? It just adds possibilities of over population and more problems into the mix. Overpopulation is a sorry argument to justify abortion.  First, you would have to prove that overpopulation would exist if all the aborted babies had been allowed to live. If you were to prove this, you would have to explain why we should get rid of babies to solve that problem instead of the elderly, mentally retarded, handicapped, etc.
One woman's regret does not give her the right the trump the next woman's decision.  And thanks, by the way, for proving my point. You still insist on not acknowledging any woman's issue outside of violence done to her or impending death as anything that deserves to be recognized.  You don't care about women. Really, you don't.  I love women :) ............What other reasons would there be to murder a baby in the womb?
Other peoples desires.  Its really hard to debate with you because you do not value human life.....There has to be a starting point and with you there is none..........
That's not entirely correct. It's true I don't value human life just because it's human, but I do value that which I like and love. I like and love freedom of choice for myself and others, and I have absolutely not attatchement to other peoples unborn children. Myself, I want to have children* and would not opt to abort them.  Relative values isn't really such a hard concept to grasp.  That is so sad that you only have compassion for people close to you...........Hopefully some day you will change your views on this subject.......
Back on topic: Could someone please explain to me what it is that entitles a fetus to life?A few years ago, a guy on the Gulf Coast was hauled into court for collecting the eggs of an endangered species of sea turtle. He argued that they were only eggs, not protected sea turtles. The judge replied "No, but they're going to be!" and fined him $250,000.  Do human beings deserve less protection than sea turtles?
A few years ago, a guy on the Gulf Coast was hauled into court for collecting the eggs of an endangered species of sea turtle. He argued that they were only eggs, not protected sea turtles. The judge replied "No, but they're going to be!" and fined him $250,000.  Do human beings deserve less protection than sea turtles?  Great point my friend..............Some of the people in this forum have more compassion for animals then they do human beings........
Anything is possible, and I'm always open to new ideas.  That is good to hear............all of us grow wiser with age and experience.......
Agreed, and you're one of them. You have no compassion for women who are pregnant :)  Everything they go through during a pregnancy is the equivalent of a "bad hair day" unless it kills them.  You sound like a broken record Sigma..........I have explained my position a dozen times on this topic and you know it.....
Voice of Reason, you have little to no compassion for women who are pregnant. You believe health concerns are irrelevant unless the woman is going to die, and this view is abhorrent to me and disgusts me on many levels.  While we're at it, if I'm a baby-killer you are as well since you support abortions in the case of rape.  So I guess that makes us even Sigma because you have no compassion for the 40,000,000 innocent, defenseless babies that have been murdered in the womb since Rowe V Wade was enacted in 1972........  I wonder how many women have died giving birth since 1972 here in the U.S.........Maybe a couple of hundred...........   Lets see a couple of hundred to 40,000,000.........you do the math my friend........
You believe health concerns are irrelevant unless the woman is going to die, and this view is abhorrent to me and disgusts me on many levels.Can you understand that loss of a human life for non-life-threatening "health concerns" that are no more than incovenience - perhaps a summer without tennis - are abhorrent also?
The reduction of health concerns to "a summer without tennis" is intellectually dishonest and frankly idiotic.And yet you seem to accept it as a valid reason for an abortion.
It is true, I have more compassion for women than I do for what they carry inside them. I do care for the fetus, but I believe women are more important. You believe the opposite.  Which is more morally corrupt, Voice of Reason. Having no compassion for hundreds of conscious, thinking, feeling citizens or having no compassion for thousands of consciousless, brainless living things?  See, that is where we differ...........You have to think that a baby in the womb is nothing but some tissue so you can sleep at night.......  We believe that life begins at conception and that on jusgement day all you believers of murdering babies in the womb will have to answer to the big man in the sky............  Don't worry about that now though......... emoticon_rolleyes
The reduction of health concerns to "a summer without tennis" is intellectually dishonest and frankly idiotic. Pregnancy puts various amount stress on a woman's body, and that stress is dealt with in different ways. For some, that stress is easy to manage, for others it is a serious health concern. To dismiss all health concerns as you are doing physically makes me sick.  A woman's health is more than "convenience" for the woman involved.  Can you cite some reasons other then the ones we mentioned why it is OK for a woman to murder her baby?
The reasons for abortion are as numerous and varied as women are. But you don't see that. All you see is a baby making machine who has nothing to worry about in this world at all unless she is at death's door.  Jitobear, that seemes to me like you are puting words in the mouth of someone else.. I say you should stop lookin at people like they dont care about women and actually believe there are good people in the world today who care..
As long as the fetus is inside of the woman and using her body and damaging her health, she should have the right to remove her body from the life-support function she is involved in.   Boy are you thick headed........If the woman's life is endangered we all agree that an abortion is and option..........  We are talking about abortions for convenience or birth control.......Why can't you get that thru your head??????
Are human beings endangered?  And the point would be irrelevant. It's still the woman's body. You cannot force her to bear children to save the species.  A species............What the hell are you talking about? Its a baby..........
Love like yours - who needs hate?    The reasons for abortion are as numerous and varied as women are. But you don't see that. All you see is a baby making machine who has nothing to worry about in this world at all unless she is at death's door.  Pregnant women need - food, shelter, safety, medical care, an income, and all the same things you do. They may also be supporting other children. Those issues impact pregnancy - but you absolutely refuse to acknowledge them. You seem to think that all pregnant women are spoiled little rich girls with endless means and you trivialize their issues down to "bad hair days" and "stretch marks". You are blind and hateful and insulting to every woman alive - including your wife, sisters, and daughters.  And who is the horse's behind who reduced helath concerns to a summer without tennis? What are you - some white bred yuppie who has never left the burbs? Lots of women are poor. Lots of women have families to support. My health concerns caused me to have to stop working half way through my pregnancy - something that was managable for me as a single woman, but would not be now - the single mother of a ten year old boy who gets ZERO child support.  This whole post is such a crock of ****.....There are all kinds of social services and charities that will help a woman with all the things you mentioned..........Catholic services just to mention 1...........  What a frigging cop out...............You have to do better then that........    Love like yours - who needs hate?   I could turn you every which way but loose...trust me....... :)
I was responding to VoR who has stated out-right again and again that the only reason a woman should be able to abort is if her life is threatened. He has never EVER been willing to acknowledge that women face other serious issues when pregnant, nor has he ever been willing to dialogue about finding ways to address those issues as a means of reducing abortion. NOT ONCE. He reduces it to a "bad hair day" - those were his words. As long as he continues to do this he will be hateful in my eyes.  oh i see. Well, just puting myself in his shoes.. i dont think he truly disrespects women.. He may have said that type stuff, but i mean, ive said some dumb stuff on here as well... but that doesnt make me the biggest woman hater on the face of the planet. I think he would admit that, During a pregnancy it is rough on the lady... there is no doubt in my mind he would admit that.. (which he might have since i didnt read further down cause im just responding to you i guess..) but anyways, i just dont the VOR is truly a person who would degrade someone who is just as human as he is..
This is like a broken record.........It is sad that there are children that no one wants to adopt but that is not the case with new borns...There are long waiting lists for them......I have friends that waited 5 years............  If you want to talk about kids in orphanages that no one adopts start another thread.............
I didn't say her life was endangered. I said her health is damaged, and that occurs in every pregnancy. What you consider "convenience" can be a very desperate circumstance for the woman involved.   Sigma what about the adverse effect that and abortion has had on millions of women including the complaintant in Rowe V Wade?
2. Whatever effects abortion causes are chosen by the women involved. In forced pregnancy the adverse effects of pregnancy are not chosen.How do YOU think the pregnancy happened? emoticon_rolleyes
No, if they had a choice they would not be pregnant.If you jump in the lake, there is a pretty good chance you will get wet. If you don't want to get wet, don't take a chance by jumping in the lake.
What I don't get is that the anti-abortion, particularly those who use the 40 million number is why they never talk about the consequence of feeding, clothing and educating these children, not to mention the opportunity cost of forcing women (and their other caregivers) to have these children. But that isn't all that suprising really as most people here don't have the simplest grasp of economics.   Seems that they think that life in the womb is precious, but don't give a damn about the kid or the impact upon society once s/he is born.  Because putting a price on human life is ok!!!!....  But that isn't all that suprising really as most people here don't have the simplest grasp of economics ...If you say so. You do know everything, right?
Oh WOW - I guess Imissed the headlines that poverty has been licked. And the one that all people have medical insurance now. And nobody is homeless! I am so excited. These things all just went away in my sleep last night. woo hooo What a relief!  Are you seriously this clueless? Do you really think there are respources enough. Come spend a week in my neighborhood and tell me that again - and I live in a HIGH tax state with more resources than most. God forbid I send you to New Mexico, where my sone was born, and me a social worker had to LIE to the state government to get me access to medical care.  I love how your cozy male self continues to harbor the illusion that you know what it is like for these women.  You get more insulting every time you post.    I wouldn't let you near.  As usual you jump all over the place............I am talking about social services for Pregnant Women...........Any woman that can not afford to carry a baby to term can get the financial assistance they need from them......  As far as insulting goes you open mouth insert foot and i just calles em as I sees em.............  I don't think I would ever want to get near a woman like you who is without compassion for the unborn...............
1. What adverse effects?  2. Whatever effects abortion causes are chosen by the women involved. In forced pregnancy the adverse effects of pregnancy are not chosen.  3. It's "Roe" not "Rowe"  They regret the decision to abort for the rest of their life.......
Since when has human life never had a price on it?  Human life has always had a price and a rather cheap one at that looking at history.And you think this is ok?
The only women I have ever seen actually regret the decision felt they were coerced into it. And that is a fairly small percentage.  What adverse effects?  That is because you bury your head in the sand and refuse to see the real world when it comes to murder in the womb............Make no mistake about it that is what it is.......Murder in the womb............
Non-sequitor. What does the "price" have anything to do with a woman wanting - or needing - an abortion?  Because some of you pro abortion types have the false impression that women have abortions becasue they can't afford the cost to carry the babies to term which is and outright lie.........
You just keep proving how you don't care about women every time you post. All you care about is getting them through pregnancy. All they are to you is a pregnancy. The only thing you will address or acknowledge is that pregnancy. You completely dismiss everything else in their lives - their safety, jobs, education, and any family they may be supporting. Everything takes a back seat to that pregnancy. And you say I have a lack of compassion?     You see very little.    Funny thing to say to a woman who lied, worked three jobs, doubled her course load, to have her baby AND get her degree so she would be able to support it later.   I love kids and would like to spoil every last one on this planet.  The difference between my compassion and yours is that mine doesn't end at birth. You can't and won't help babies by continuing to trivialize serious issues and demonize desperate women.  Well thank God you did not have a bad hair day when you found out you were pregnant...... emoticon_rolleyes
I personally knew a couple of people who had abortions because they could not afford another child.  That is because they go into and abortion clinic and are not told the options......They are rushed to the operating room and the baby is aborted so the greedy butcher doctors can get their 4 grand.................  There are testimonys by women who have regretted that decision the rest of their life.............
Oh, Voice of Reason, you're so funny. For a while there I thought you might answer my questions but then you slip back into this rhetoric.  I don't suppose you have an argument as opposed to this emotional rhetoric?  Here we go again emoticon_rolleyes attack the messenger when you have no constructive response on the issue of the debate...........
You have no clue.  Both had multiple children and would have been a financal burden on both families. One was a single mother with 2 kinds, and the other was a married couple with 3 kids.  But, hey! I understand that it doesn't fit into your pigeon-hole of women who don't want to give up their wanton lifestyles ....   WHAT PART OF THE WORD ADOPTION DO YOU NOT COMPREHEND!!!!!!!!!!   Never mind........... emoticon_rolleyes
Go to hell.  Jitobear, please be nice. You know better than to talk like that. Don't make me open up a can of................................. emoticon_cool
Go to hell.  Such language Jitobear for such a dedicated and caring person........   Save me a seat will you............ :)
What happened to our "decent white girl"? Keep acting like that Jito and you won't be allowed in Hunter's Klan, I mean Klub, I mean Club. HAHAHAHA........HAHAHA. Thanks for the laugh. I didn't know that you had such a great sense of humour. Because of Jito's gutter mouth I have decided to remove two of her red-neck merit badges. If she does not clean up her language, I am going to put the Tic-sex pox on her. That would be bad, very bad. :)
I don't want to dialogue with VoR - he can simply go to hell.  I have never had an abortion and busted my XXX my whole life for my little boy. His snide little comment about a "bad hair day" was WAY out of line. It was out of line the first time he claimed that women use it as an excuse to have abortions and it was certainly out of line with me. He trivializes and dismisses extremely important women's issues. He has trivialized what I went through when pregnant and what I go through now as a mother. On top of that his comments dismiss and insult me and my son. In my book he is the worst kind of pig.  I think that you are over reacting a tad. That said, God bless you and your :) son.
What happened to our "decent white girl"? Keep acting like that Jito and you won't be allowed in Hunter's Klan, I mean Klub, I mean Club.   I think its jitobear......... :)
All respect Jitobear, but do you think descending to his barbs is wise?   In the case that his is just a malicious troll, he's getting what he wants: a rise out of you.   In the case that he's unintentionally rude then we should turn the other cheek and work to establish a more effective dialogue?  Goats to the left, sheep to the right. emoticon_xangel
Come on guys this is suposed to be a debate right? why is everyone getting so personal? none of us know each other so can we please just debate the act NOT judge the person? After all we are all adults capable of civil debate :)
Does it matter? When will life itself cease to have a price? Even if I don't like it, it doesn't mean that it's going to stop. Growing up means making peace with establishment. Life has always had a price since the dawn of time and will always have a price until the universe contracts and all matter is sucked into oblivion waiting for the critical point where it all starts over again. Yeah it does matter if you put a price on a human life. I guess if you support slavery though and prefer devaluing human life...In fact you probably support devaluing women too (which many are against on this forum). You would be ok with girl being on the corner or maybe even having a 5yr old in the sweat shop for 10hrs. So YEAH IT MATTERS. So just because other people do it means it is ok? I guess Duo is in favor of pricing humans emoticon_rolleyes
Tony Brown, you hit the nail right on the head. VOR worships a misogynistic imaginary god.  Are you a liberal? emoticon_wow
Apparently she can choose to have sex, get pregnant and care for another human being. But she can't make the choice not to go through with it. Makes total sense.Well legally she can't "choose to have sex". The law thinks she is not mature enough to have sex, drink, not get an education, vote, and many other things. I happen to agree. However, I would say those also add up to not being mature enough to have an abortion.
Ah, the fallacy of the strawman. Considering how you use fraud as the fundemental basis for your arguments, I shouldn't have been suprised at that specific event. I don't support pricing life, I just merely accept it as how this world works. As I said before, and as you clearly ignored (which btw is the fallacy of selective reading, two counts of fraud, growing up means making peace with establishment. Life, all life, has a price. Deal with it.   Awww Duo....I guess you really love your fallacies (even if you mis-use them all the time). Ah, the fallacy of you think you know everything.  Where did you get that? Devaluing? Please, where did I make such a claim. females and males of all species (and those inbetween) have a price. You did it in the bold part.  Does it matter if it is okay? Things that are inherently natural, and for all purposes unchangable are pointless in discussing beyond a philisophical manner for the sole reason as they cannot be changed. It is merely there. I don't like it, but I cannot change it and when looking back through history, I see a pattern of life valued extremely cheap.   So is it ok to so? We have abortion, that doesn't mean I have to like it or accept it...how do you think things change? If you just say "hey, we can't change anything so what the heck...sell people" Then you have slavery. So do you support pricing people or not?  I guess Steeeve is in favor of lying, using fraud and otherwise acting in a very unchristian like manner Last warning on you calling me a liar without any backing. Once again, a liar is someone that knows they are telling a false statement. I am asking you stop, don't push it.
Well i don't believe in parental notification laws, so we would differ. I 13 year old may or may not be mature enough to handle sex and its consequences. However, if we are going to presume she is old enough to HAVE the child, then i don't she how she would not be old enough to decide not to. Your logic is fine as long as you say she is not mature enough to care for a child, being a child herself. Howwever i did not get that impression, thus i find your logic rather hypocritical. Pregnancy isn't like getting a tooth pulled or your wisdom teeth out, it is something that is so fundamental to being a woman and to the rest of your life. As long as she is informed and discussed of ALL her options, i think she should be able to make that choice for herself. Yeah, I don't think she is mature enough to care for a child....However, she is without a doubt not mature enough to make a decision like that. This is why you can't have sex with a 13yr old...she is not mature enough to understand the consequences, however, having a baby will help that out and her getting an abortion will let her know that having unprotected sex at 13 is ok because you can always abort. I hope that clears things up
I asked you to stop.... You left me no choice.
Judges do this everyday. This case just made the news. Not really, this case was different in that the state was the guardian. Although I am sure it has happened before.   As for three reasons... 1) The state of Florida doesn't believe a 13 yr old can have sex (consent) so why couold she be able to cosent to an abortion? 2) The State is the guardian and they should be able to say where she can and can't go as a parent would be able to do....and the state has a law against taking kids to abortion clinics. 3) ABORTION IS KILLING A KID. Maybe that doesn't matter for most :-/
Yes, letting her get an abortion will teach her that unprotected sex at 13 is okay, because she can always go through a dangerous and invasive medical procedure.  In fact, I bet that if she gets that abortion, she's be spreading her legs before the bleeding even fully stops! Wait, medical procedure? She can't consent to one of those as she is not 18...Oh well, who cares about laws anyway? That aside, people that get one abortion are likely to have another.
Answer the question Steeeve or admit that your claim is wrong.   When the post you cited as proof refutes your claim, and you have full knowledge of what the post said, is that not a lie?   if your post siad A and I said it claimed B, and I cited the post, would I be lying? Have you lost your mind? I got no idea what you are talking about.
No, she can't consent to a medical procedure, but either her guardian can, or a judge can decide the issue if the guardian's decision is contested: http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,155326,00.html  All perfectly legal apparently.   A question though - how much more likely is it for a woman to have a second abortion than for her to have her first one?  Yeah, I know it is legal :( but it is a bit sketch and hypocritical if you ask me. To be honest Nurglitch I don't have the numbers on me...It has been posted before. I can get it to you maybe tomorrow after work.  I gotta go to bed now though. Take it easy.
Steve - you need to leave the maturity arguments behind in the case of the 13 year old. They simply fall apart. It takes considerable more maturity to handle pregnancy than abortion. And no - just being pregnant won't help or make her responsible.   There is simply no good ending to a 13 year old being pregnant. We really need to work on not having them get there in the first place. No, I am saying it an adult level maturity to do all those things, have sex(as in you know what you are doing), get an abortion, and yes even be pregnant. My agruement (right now) is not that she is mature enough to have the baby but rather she is not mature enough to make a decision about that.   As for the responsibility thing. I kinda think that if abortion were to become illegal (for the most part) then you would see less kids having sex and less kids getting pregnant. When a 10yr old girl sees her 16yr old girl get pregnant on accident then maybe she will think twice about having sex at 13. Granted this is not a great reason to end abortion as it doesn't really address the 16 yr old but I think it might be true. I still say you need to help out that 16 yr old girl as much as possible. However, with abortion being legal she will most likely not receive any help as it is hard to get people to stop degrading women when people are degrading babies. Nevertheless, I think the 13yr old girl go the abortion not too sure though.
Steve - you need to leave the maturity arguments behind in the case of the 13 year old. They simply fall apart. It takes considerable more maturity to handle pregnancy than abortion. And no - just being pregnant won't help or make her responsible.   There is simply no good ending to a 13 year old being pregnant. We really need to work on not having them get there in the first place.  I don't know how you can stereotype like that...........There are 13 year old girls more responsible then 20 year old women........
 In most cases they can't. Decisions like this she would generally be making with the input of her family and doctors. The way it always out to be!   I agree but not some abortion doctor who stands to make a profit by performing abortions.........
In most cases they can't. Decisions like this she would generally be making with the input of her family and doctors. The way it always out to be!     It won't increase responsible action until we take a mature stand on sex. We are so stupidly puritanical about it. Information and resources make the biggest diffference in ALL matters.  I am still not all certain that a 13 yr old can make that decision. I remember me at 13 and I was no where close to being able to make a decision about what to eat.  A mature stand on sex may be needed. However, I don't beleive abortion allows for that. It is almost like saying "if the sheeeet hits the fan then you gotta back up plan"....and that really doesn't teach responsibility (which is a big part of maturity). I was talkign to a girl at work about this actually....I think that a good up bringing and "base" (if you will) is a strong part about being mature on sex. It all starts at the home :p
Abortion is needed medical procedure. It should be legal and safe. It should be a last resort.   That is just it..............Abortion is the first resort in to many cases......
You speak from personal experience?  and also, so what? Is that your business?   Cost of birth control pills for one month: $30 box of condoms: pocket change  Cost of abortion: over $300.  Gee golly, abortion seems like a great birth control method! Apprently according to you, its the first resort for soooooo many people.  Well 40,000,000 abortions since 1972.Do you find that at all excessive? Do you believe that all those abortions were justified?
All abortions are justified.  even the ones where there is no danger to the mother and its in the 3rd trimester and the baby is viable outside the womb?
lol. NOTICE TO THE FORUM, when obviously proven wrong, VOR will restort to childish and weak emotional arguments instead of admit he was wrong and that his logic was faulty.   Don't you have any dignity whatsoever? Just admit you were wrong!  I love you too "Little Man." :)
You speak from personal experience?  and also, so what? Is that your business?   Cost of birth control pills for one month: $30 box of condoms: pocket change  Cost of abortion: over $300.  Gee golly, abortion seems like a great birth control method! Apprently according to you, its the first resort for soooooo many people.  1. Yes  2. I am pro life  3. they are not infallible
I believe that abortion is the womans choice. You know what i find a little excessive? The amount of woman who died from botched illegal abortions prior to the 70s.  http://www.abortionfacts.com/image/lovethemboth/chapter27_1.gif  You don't appear to know much about abortion rates. When abortion was first legalized, we had no prior data, but the rate was increased in the 70s. Abortions leveled off in the 80s, and declined in the 90s. Under the current president, abortion rates are once again on the increase. This is not suprising given his stance against womans reproductive rights, education, access to birth control and affordable health care, and the fact that the econony is worse off than it was in the 90s. Reversing these trends is a real step in reducing the total number of abortions, however, i doubt that is something you even care about.  http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/graphusabrate.gif  The idea to criminalize abortion would not work, because people would still obtain abortions, legally out of country, illegally here, or through dangerous self induced abortions. In a world as mobile as as, this is not realistic. I cannot fathom why anyone would propose turning pregnant woman into criminals i this manner.  Abortions are now on the rise again, and the pro-life community has not and will not address this issue, instead focusing on punishing and criminalizing pregnant woman. We don't live in a perfect world, abortion will never be illegal worldwide, and making it illegal here won't end abortion. That being said, as long as abortion IS legal, it would seem logical for pro-lifers to support measures that are successful at reducing abortions. That could include good economic conditions (not what bush gives us), women might elect to not have an abortion if they are more secure financially. Comprehensive sex education (yes abstinance is included in this) and greater openness to discussing sex. Support for family planning is essential: counseling, BC, emergency contraception, etc.  I won't hold my breath. But i do know that the the pro-life community cares not about the child or the fetus. It is all about control and punishment. As a woman, I will never support that.   I believe that abortion is the womans choice. You know what i find a little excessive? The amount of woman who died from botched illegal abortions prior to the 70s   I was around during those days and the stats that the pro abortion people put out are greatly exaggerated.........Actually in most cases the pregnant woman carried the baby to term and put it up for adoption if she did not want it......................  Did you know that the plantiff in Roe V Wade was coerced into filing the lawsuit by a group of feminists and has been quoted as saying it was the worse decision of her life and she will regret it always.........  It boggles my mind how you pro abortion types can shrug off 40,000,000 murders in the womb since 1972........It begs to ask the question, How can you sleep at night?
nearly 90% of abortions occur in the first trimester of pregnancy. I'd like you to find examples of all these viable third trimester abortions occuring on healthy babies. I doubt you would find few, if any doctors who are performing this. You are just trying to be inflammatory with no evidence to back up your statements.  Fact is, you know nothing about the woman who are getting abortions, why they may be getting them and the conditions that brought about their choices.  I don't have to do that.........If there were not abortions being performed in the 3rd trimester then why would the U.S. Senate pass a bill banning it?
That is funny given that one of the stats i sent you was posted from the national center for health statistics. It was reposted at abortionfacts.com, which is sponsored by the heritage house, a pro-life organization. Just because something doesn't fit into your ideological agenda, does not mean it is biased. Those statistics were good enough to post on a pro-life site, which makes me laugh at your comment. You don't like the statistics, so you make up some BS about it being exaggerated. Thanks for the laugh.     Well, that is obviously true because you said so. I don't see the revelance here. So what? Some woman are willing to give up their babies for adoption, some aren't. That has been the norm for a very long time. I don't have a problem with adoption, it is a wonderful thing. I have a problem with forcing woman to give birth and give their children up for adoption. If you don't think it happened, watch the Magdalene sisters. Or read about them.    I do know that the woman known as Roe now works for pro-life organizations. I however see no proof of coercion. And frankly, i don't care what she believes now. Roe V Wade is not about her, but about the woman across the country, as concerned with their right to privacy in making medical decisions.    I have a feeling it is because those 'types' don't view it as murder. It is called difference of opinion, of which people are entitled to have. I can't answer for them, i can only answer for myself. As a woman, being pro-choice is not about whether or not i agree with abortion, or what the total number of abortions is. it is about the fact that reproductive rights protect human dignity and autonomy at a basic level. Creating laws that affect your body is a form of ownership, forcing you to carry a pregnancy to term, or forcing you to abort are both forms of coercion, both taking ownership of your body away from you.  It is about who has the right to your destiny and your body, you? Men? Politicians? The government? And that is the cornerstone of the movement itself, does the woman have control over her body, or does the government. Since 1965's Griswold v. Connecticut, the Supreme Court has recognized a "right of privacy", it invalidated a Connecticut law prohibiting the use of contraception by married couples. Roe v. Wade established that laws against abortion violate a constitutional right to privacy. And that is what the pro-choice movement is about, the privacy to make reproductive decisions, in effect, to be in control of your reproductive choices.   My body and my health would always come over that of any developing fetus. When you give a fetus rights, you supercede those of the woman. When politicians pass fetal rights laws, they are almost always used to prosecute and undermine the legal status of pregnant women, not to protect pregnant woman and their fetus. Some people believe that the right to life begins at conception, others when it is a viable being, at birth, or not till later. That is all based upon opinion, which is why i do not agree with bestowing rights upon a fetus, zygote, etc till it is born. And i think birth is something we can can agree on.  Well that was a mouthful.......So you believe if a pregnant woman changes her mind in the 3rd trimester she should be able to abort?
More so that Voice of Reason appears to be incapable of debating, discussing, or otherwise engaging other people on the subject.  Wow and I thought we were getting to be friends........my bad emoticon_rolleyes
That is funny given that one of the stats i sent you was posted from the national center for health statistics. It was reposted at abortionfacts.com, which is sponsored by the heritage house, a pro-life organization. Just because something doesn't fit into your ideological agenda, does not mean it is biased. Those statistics were good enough to post on a pro-life site, which makes me laugh at your comment. You don't like the statistics, so you make up some BS about it being exaggerated. Thanks for the laugh.     Well, that is obviously true because you said so. I don't see the revelance here. So what? Some woman are willing to give up their babies for adoption, some aren't. That has been the norm for a very long time. I don't have a problem with adoption, it is a wonderful thing. I have a problem with forcing woman to give birth and give their children up for adoption. If you don't think it happened, watch the Magdalene sisters. Or read about them.    I do know that the woman known as Roe now works for pro-life organizations. I however see no proof of coercion. And frankly, i don't care what she believes now. Roe V Wade is not about her, but about the woman across the country, as concerned with their right to privacy in making medical decisions.    I have a feeling it is because those 'types' don't view it as murder. It is called difference of opinion, of which people are entitled to have. I can't answer for them, i can only answer for myself. As a woman, being pro-choice is not about whether or not i agree with abortion, or what the total number of abortions is. it is about the fact that reproductive rights protect human dignity and autonomy at a basic level. Creating laws that affect your body is a form of ownership, forcing you to carry a pregnancy to term, or forcing you to abort are both forms of coercion, both taking ownership of your body away from you.  It is about who has the right to your destiny and your body, you? Men? Politicians? The government? And that is the cornerstone of the movement itself, does the woman have control over her body, or does the government. Since 1965's Griswold v. Connecticut, the Supreme Court has recognized a "right of privacy", it invalidated a Connecticut law prohibiting the use of contraception by married couples. Roe v. Wade established that laws against abortion violate a constitutional right to privacy. And that is what the pro-choice movement is about, the privacy to make reproductive decisions, in effect, to be in control of your reproductive choices.   My body and my health would always come over that of any developing fetus. When you give a fetus rights, you supercede those of the woman. When politicians pass fetal rights laws, they are almost always used to prosecute and undermine the legal status of pregnant women, not to protect pregnant woman and their fetus. Some people believe that the right to life begins at conception, others when it is a viable being, at birth, or not till later. That is all based upon opinion, which is why i do not agree with bestowing rights upon a fetus, zygote, etc till it is born. And i think birth is something we can can agree on.  That is funny given that one of the stats i sent you was posted from the national center for health statistics. It was reposted at abortionfacts.com, which is sponsored by the heritage house, a pro-life organization. Just because something doesn't fit into your ideological agenda, does not mean it is biased. Those statistics were good enough to post on a pro-life site, which makes me laugh at your comment. You don't like the statistics, so you make up some BS about it being exaggerated. Thanks for the laugh.    You can make stats say anything you want them too......I was around in the fifties and I know how many so called back alley abortions went down.....I can tell you i bever heard of a woman having a baby and stuffing it in a trash can..........    Well, that is obviously true because you said so. I don't see the revelance here. So what? Some woman are willing to give up their babies for adoption, some aren't. That has been the norm for a very long time. I don't have a problem with adoption, it is a wonderful thing. I have a problem with forcing woman to give birth and give their children up for adoption. If you don't think it happened, watch the Magdalene sisters. Or read about them.     I don't want to force a woman to giver her baby up for adoption but if she does not want it there are couples that will adopt it..........   I do know that the woman known as Roe now works for pro-life organizations. I however see no proof of coercion. And frankly, i don't care what she believes now. Roe V Wade is not about her, but about the woman across the country, as concerned with their right to privacy in making medical decisions.   I heard her interviewed and she said she was young and impressionable and that the feminist groups took advantage of her and she has regretted the decision her whole life............   My body and my health would always come over that of any developing fetus. When you give a fetus rights, you supercede those of the woman. When politicians pass fetal rights laws, they are almost always used to prosecute and undermine the legal status of pregnant women, not to protect pregnant woman and their fetus. Some people believe that the right to life begins at conception, others when it is a viable being, at birth, or not till later. That is all based upon opinion, which is why i do not agree with bestowing rights upon a fetus, zygote, etc till it is born. And i think birth is something we can can agree on.   I realize some abortions are necessary........I just want the unnecessary ones eliminated................
I like VOR has gotten to the point where he knows no one here will listen. Some of us actually take what the person says and look it up and research it to see whats up. However, sense the vast majority don't, it gets tiring going in circles. So I don't really blame VOR.  By the way, I think this case in goign to the SCOTUS soon.
Why would we be friends? You are either incapable of entering a dialogue or unwilling to. You don't offer any constructive arguments to support your position, and you sure as hell don't try to represent other positions fairly. All you do is post non sequitors and childish retorts.   I'll tell you what, I'll start a thread where you can show that you're willing to engage in a discussion about the morality of abortion. I can't say I expect much, but a pleasant surprise is always nice.   Of course, you could always just engage cushla_machree's argument directly instead of trying to evade it.  And for God's sake, what's up with those constant "....." after each phrase? Do you not understand how to use sentences, and commas, and periods?  Just because you say it does not make it so.......Your problem is your blinded by your liberalism and have no compassion for the unborn and that is very sad...........
I like VOR has gotten to the point where he knows no one here will listen. Some of us actually take what the person says and look it up and research it to see whats up. However, sense the vast majority don't, it gets tiring going in circles. So I don't really blame VOR.  By the way, I think this case in goign to the SCOTUS soon. My own point was proven in the posts falling the quoted one.
i think abortion is a bad thing. No one should kill babies!! if u dont want them.... do it then!!!! its not the babies fault! its ur fault!! it could be dangerous of u use abortion. u can have the baby but u can put it up for adpotion. i dont think u should abort... its not the babies fault that u werent save! u may regret it someday!   u have no idea how many babies r dying just because u dont want them! shes too young to give abortion.... she would die & kill herslef & the baby!!!  she will love the baby someday!!! abortion is killing!!!! & killing is bad!!! emoticon_xkill   is it really worth it?!?!?!?! think about it!!! u have to think about the people ur hurting!!!
Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions.
:) Welcome over dragonfly hope you enjoy the stay. :)
Hey I'm new. I am also pro-life 100%. No Exceptions.  Welcome my friend............We can always use another pro life advocate.......Looking forward to your input.......... emoticon_xhoho
Hmm. Does that mean that you are against the death penalty?  I think its pretty obvious............I would say judging by his statement he is against the death penalty.............
Well you never know cause your pro life and for the death penalty.  I believe he said 100 percent of the time...........The difference between pro life and pro choice/abortion people is we have a wider tent........With you pro abortion/choice people its just kill the baby no matter what..........
Which is exactly like saying that "With you pro-paternalism/life people it's just keep the baby no matter what." Except with worse spelling and punctuation. Both statements are false and slanderous.  They are false only in the minds of people who believe in murdering defenseless babies in the womb.........
Terminatio or the death penalty they are both ways of prematurly taking a life therefore both are wrong imo.
Well okay lets see   Abortion - Against Death Penalty - Against IVF - Don't know enough about the procedure to say "yay or nay" Zombies - undecided Eating Animals - Against Wearing Leather/Fur - Against  hmmm...yes I have other interests besides abortion and religion. I am actually not interested in religion at all. I have mine, you have yours--that's it.
Death penalty vs. abortion. Interesting.  I say death penalty is O.K. against someone who is old enough to know better. or zombies.   Abortion is a death penalty against a child in the womb who has done nothing wrong. I don't agree with it, no matter what you tell me unwanted children do when they get older. I'm married to an unwanted child/abortion survivor. Let them screw up before you give up on them.   So I have to say I am anti-abortion, and pro-death penalty.
I'm new too :]  I am also pro life 100% Abortion is murder there is no excuse for it.
I'm new too :]  I am also pro life 100% Abortion is murder there is no excuse for it.  Obviously, you are not pro-life for women, then, Reanna.  Why's that? Are you actually suggesting that childbirth is an automatic death penalty for women? And can you prove that? Of course not. But abortion is an automatic death sentence for the unborn child, and that can be proven.
C)  because the foetus is a separate organism.  are you still in the womb?
 What if the child is going to be handicapped? Who can judge the quality of life of a handicapped person? How handicapped does the child have to be before we can say they have no quality of life? Blind? Blind and deaf? Blind, deaf and dumb? Mentally handicapped? Blind, deaf, dumb, and mentally handicapped? Female? What degree or type of mental handicap?  Smiley   being female is not being handicapped.  mentally handicapped such as Down syndrome is reason enough for an abortion
Murder is by definition illegal and abortion is legal. Therefore abortion can't be murder.  By no excuse would you mean even in cases of rape or incest?   I'm pro-life too past about 3 months gestation.  there many places where abortion is illegal
Nope! I didn't say that. I said it is a separate organism and it is. to the point that it needs to trick the mother's body into believing it is not present. That is one of the functions of the placenta to hide it from the mother's immune system.  a newborn child depends totally on her mother for nutrients and protection.  would you think then that, following your logic is OK to kill him/her ?
People have lost the thread of this debate.  The excuse for having an abortion is that the woman has a right over her own body, this is called the pro-choice (the choice to abort, they never consider the other choice: not to abort) position by the pro-abortion camp.   My counter argument was that the foetus, although inside the body of the woman is a separate organism (this position was accepted by the pro-abortion camp, saying that yes, the foetus is a parasite)  In other words they want to have it both ways : the woman is in control of her body and the foetus is part of her body, so why not get rid of it, if she wants to, and at the same time the foetus is a parasite therefore get rid of it if she wants to also. Kind of a win-win situation.  Now half of the chromosomes in the foetus come from the mother and the other half from the father. Therefore if we consult Solomon ... he would say that the father has a say in the matter, wouldn&#8217;t he?   If you want to kill the un-born baby do so if it is legal, but please spare me the sophistry and the hypocrisy.
A newborn is totally dependent - but it does not have to be dependent on its mother. That is not true for a fetus.  you are splitting hairs.  both the foetus and the newborn baby and most children up to puberty almost can not subsist on their own, therefore they are not persons?  it is funny that an unborn baby has no rights but the moment she crosses the canal, Voila! she has all the rights of the world. Kind of a wetback on the right side of the Rio Grande, well not quite emoticon_frazzled
Wow this debate goes round in circles hey peoples. :)  For the pro life people; What is you opinion of a woman who choses to legally abort her fetus?  Then i ask, why do you think your opinion should have any bearing on any decision regarding her body?   talking of going in circles emoticon_rolleyes
No, it's not funny at all; it's Constitutional law.  14A makes it overwhelmingly clear that Constitutional protections apply only to all persons born...in the United States are citizens....  If you find this "funny", your quarrel is with the Reconstruction Congresses which drew up the language.  Under the Constitution, "unborn baby" is an oxymoron.  it is a "funny" law if it protects the born but not the unborn. I repeat: what a difference crossing a canal makes. On one side of the birth canal you can be aborted i.e. killed legally but not on the other side.  By the way has any pro-abortion supporter considered what would the answer be if an unborn baby was asked "do you want to be killed ?" do they ever have a "choice" ??  emoticon_rolleyes
Yep and its federal law in Australia :) (your land winston)  how would you know?
How on earth can you post something so ridiculous? emoticon_rolleyes And what would you know personally of this issue (being a male)? How absurd that you attempt to speak for the very sex who makes these decisions. This is not to say that a male should not have an opinion on abortion, of course they should, but you should never assume your opinion speaks for the women who actually undertake the procedure. There are plenty of males on here with both aligning and opposing views who have not crossed this line.  "We never consider the other choice" you said, of course we did, there are plenty who did not have the procedure, your simply saying that anyone who rejects your way never considered it to begin with. As a woman i can assure you the DECISION/CHOICE to have an abortion is not an open and shut case. How dare you assume that all women who face these choices do no not consider, if not agonize over the argument for both sides.  Pro-abortion is a filthy word thrust apon pro-choice believers by self righteous, extreme, conservative religious fanatics. Why is is that these people are so maliciously intent on labeling people with such hatred terms ie; 'pro-abortion', ironic really.  I would not have an abortion (bar extenuating circumstances), i am in no way pro-abortion, i would urge any woman in this situation to seek extensive counseling, support and education.  If she chose to abort i would certainly not stand in judgment. I am, and do try and understand the term, pro choice!  so you really think that by changing the label from pro-abortion to pro-choice the issue will be resolved?  I am not a religious fanatic and I do favor abortion in some extreme cases but the problem is that many women abuse the freedom to abort (sorry, to 'choose') and abort as a matter of convenience.  if you don't stand in judgement of them, then you are tacitly endorsing abortion as a convenience.  so by not passing judgement on their decision you are de facto pro-abortion  I always call a spade a spade. :)
How ironic, i just posted about this very issue right here  It seems you are correct Simone, in the very thread mentioned above there are people saying those who cannot work/wont work should not be sheltered by government safety nets such as a basic right to healthcare. They do not even attempt to ask why the people cannot/dont work as this will unravel the very situation you have spoken about.  Pro-lifers wish to force women to continue any unwanted pregnancies and then deny the spawn, now adults, any government shelter if they do not become contributing members of society???  I touched on this issue earlier and it was ignored. Ignorance is bliss for these very fortunate souls, they do not wander the dark streets of humanity and comprehend the devastation of their views apon another.  You are right, it is a disheartening situation. :( It does seem that once the children are born many pro-lifers wash their hands. Take heart that the pro-choice people will be here to support the unwanted, neglected, abused babies - adults, i do, everyday.  so in Simone's opinion if I understood correctly it would have been better to abort all those street children? what next, eugenics?   I don't worship a foetus, I don't worship babies, I don't worship children but it doesn't mean I am in favour of killing them  How do you know that people who oppose abortion don't care for the poor ?  when it comes to sticking labels on those who do not share your opinion you and Simone (f"etus worshippers") xl emoticon_ic
we are not talking about the life of the mother, don't be disingenuous.  if a woman wants to have a leg amputated, that although crazy in my view, is her right but, as you well know it we are talking about the life of a baby in the womb.  the foetus has no choice in the matter, funny that the victim has no say in the crime.  Pro-lifers speak for the unborn babies, it is as simple as that.  PS For an Aussie, your English is quite good and I agree with some of your positions.
Winnie Pooh, no, you deliberately choose NOT to understand my position.  I want those children cared for, I want them admitted into the human race as fully enabled and valuable persons.  It's the fetus worshippers who devalue these wretched children.  And, the term "fetus-worshipper" is quite valid until it is utterly proven that care extended to all humanity by those who in my eyes only care about fetuses, when the fetus worshippers care about those who are in need, those who are hungry, those who are thirsty, those who are homeless, who are sick, who are wretched because of their circumstances.  Unfortunately, the fetus-worshippers are deathly afraid of health care being available to all, are afraid of workers earning a living wage, are deathly afraid that the working poor might have opportunities.  Your leftist bigotry and prejudice is showing again simone. You make such sweeping generalizations when it has bee proven that conservatives are much more generous than liberals in contributing to all of the needs you assume we ignore. The fact is simone, that if you were really informed in the things you think you know to be true, and are really sincere in your concerns as you claim to be, you would be a true conservative.  You claim to value life, yet you endorse the genocide of 1.4 million unborn babies per year. While at the same time you call we who value the unborn fetus worshipers; and you call conservatives bigots? And at the same time you resist the Death Penalty which legally executes capital murderers. Your world view is upside down and about as consistent as Hitlers, who claimed claimed to care about the German people as he committed genocide on the disabled, the Gypsies, Homosexuals and the largest victim class, the Jews. All the while rewarding those who carried out these atrocities. Sound familiar? Because that is exactly what you represent as you demonize people like me who have a consistent world view which only seeks to hold the guilty responsible for their actions and protect the innocent.   Here is the evidence that conservatives outgive liberals by an average of 30%.  Although liberal families' incomes average 6 percent higher than those of conservative families, conservative-headed households give, on average, 30 percent more to charity than the average liberal-headed household ($1,600 per year vs. $1,227).   Conservatives also donate more time and give more blood.   Residents of the states that voted for John Kerry in 2004 gave smaller percentages of their incomes to charity than did residents of states that voted for George Bush.   Bush carried 24 of the 25 states where charitable giving was above average.   In the 10 reddest states, in which Bush got more than 60 percent majorities, the average percentage of personal income donated to charity was 3.5. Residents of the bluest states, which gave Bush less than 40 percent, donated just 1.9 percent.   People who reject the idea that "government has a responsibility to reduce income inequality" give an average of four times more than people who accept that proposition.  Brooks demonstrates a correlation between charitable behavior and "the values that lie beneath" liberal and conservative labels. Two influences on charitable behavior are religion and attitudes about the proper role of government.  The single biggest predictor of someone's altruism, Willett says, is religion. It increasingly correlates with conservative political affiliations because, as Brooks's book says, "the percentage of self-described Democrats who say they have 'no religion' has more than quadrupled since the early 1970s." America is largely divided between religious givers and secular nongivers, and the former are disproportionately conservative. One demonstration that religion is a strong determinant of charitable behavior is that the least charitable cohort is a relatively small one -- secular conservatives.  Reviewing Brooks's book in the Texas Review of Law & Politics, Justice Willett notes that Austin -- it voted 56 percent for Kerry while he was getting just 38 percent statewide -- is ranked by the Chronicle of Philanthropy as 48th out of America's 50 largest cities in per capita charitable giving. Brooks's data about disparities between liberals' and conservatives' charitable giving fit these facts: Democrats represent a majority of the wealthiest congressional districts, and half of America's richest households live in states where both senators are Democrats.  While conservatives tend to regard giving as a personal rather than governmental responsibility, some liberals consider private charity a retrograde phenomenon -- a poor palliative for an inadequate welfare state and a distraction from achieving adequacy by force, by increasing taxes. Ralph Nader, running for president in 2000, said: "A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity." Brooks, however, warns: "If support for a policy that does not exist . . . substitutes for private charity, the needy are left worse off than before. It is one of the bitterest ironies of liberal politics today that political opinions are apparently taking the place of help for others."  In 2000, brows were furrowed in perplexity because Vice President Al Gore's charitable contributions, as a percentage of his income, were below the national average: He gave 0.2 percent of his family income, one-seventh of the average for donating households. But Gore "gave at the office." By using public office to give other people's money to government programs, he was being charitable, as liberals increasingly, and conveniently, understand that word.Bleeding Hearts but Tight Fists  I wont even expect an apology for the blatant defamation of the character of conservatives which you spewed above, because I have come to know your character through your posts and opinions. ;)
If the rich paid taxes (they pay a pittance) and the taxes were spent on the poor, there would be no need for private charity.  The poor deserve better than crumbs from the tables of the rich.
Lol, what did you mean by that? I'm not sure, and dont want to assume the tone you infer with. I thought it was funny but wanted to clarify.  PS; i have never called anyone a "fetus worshiper", although at least that label does not elicit the same evil connotations "pr-abortion does".  @ Simone, no worries hun :)   I was checking if Aussies had a sense of humour ;)  are you anti-abortion?
Winnie Pooh, no, you deliberately choose NOT to understand my position.  I want those children cared for, I want them admitted into the human race as fully enabled and valuable persons.  It's the fetus worshippers who devalue these wretched children.  And, the term "fetus-worshipper" is quite valid until it is utterly proven that care extended to all humanity by those who in my eyes only care about fetuses, when the fetus worshippers care about those who are in need, those who are hungry, those who are thirsty, those who are homeless, who are sick, who are wretched because of their circumstances.  Unfortunately, the fetus-worshippers are deathly afraid of health care being available to all, are afraid of workers earning a living wage, are deathly afraid that the working poor might have opportunities.  I have never met a 'foetus worshipper' so I have no idea about their attitudes towards the poor. However, I'd rather side with those who worship life than with those who destroy it.
In fact, this "spade" is spurious.  There is no way on Earth that a man has the right to an opinion on the question of abortion.  That is SOLELY within the purview of the pregnant woman, guided by her own values and morals.  BTW, the law is not "funny" Since you are not from the USA, I suggest you take a crash course on the American Constitution. You will see what clear distinctions occur at birth.   "Unborn child" is an oxymoron.  Finally, pro-choice is the appropriate term. If a woman chooses to take her pregnancy to term and deliver, that is clearly her choice. If she chooses to terminate her pregnancy, that is still her choice.  We in the pro-choice camp support whichever choice she may make.emoticon_xgood  So it is in the American Constitution than the male of the species has no right to have an opinion on the issue of abortion? if so then the Supreme Court Justices must be all women, right?  what above the victim, the unborn human being has she no choice in the matter? she has! but her only defensors are the so called pro-lifers.   It is cruel to kill someone who can not defend herself, just because you exercise this power over her. It is morally abhorrent i.e. criminal  C'mon sister, burn your bras but don't kill babies in the womb.  Where is the maternal instinct gone in pro-abortion women?  I just can't understand these pro-abortion women. Well, it is perhaps better than these women have no children, they don't deserve them.
If the rich paid taxes (they pay a pittance) and the taxes were spent on the poor, there would be no need for private charity.  The poor deserve better than crumbs from the tables of the rich.  Winnie Pooh, no, you deliberately choose NOT to understand my position.  I want those children cared for, I want them admitted into the human race as fully enabled and valuable persons.  It's the fetus worshippers who devalue these wretched children.  And, the term "fetus-worshipper" is quite valid until it is utterly proven that care extended to all humanity by those who in my eyes only care about fetuses, when the fetus worshippers care about those who are in need, those who are hungry, those who are thirsty, those who are homeless, who are sick, who are wretched because of their circumstances.  Is that your method of debating now winny? When you can't refute the facts, just change the subject? Simone attacks the right by implying that we care more about fetus worship than the other problems like hunger, thirst, homelessness and sickness, and I prove that it is conservatives which actually give more that liberals to help others through charity, and you then change the subject to make this about between rich and poor? How disingenuous is that? In the article I posted, it showed this also, and I quote:  n 2000, brows were furrowed in perplexity because Vice President Al Gore's charitable contributions, as a percentage of his income, were below the national average: He gave 0.2 percent of his family income, one-seventh of the average for donating households. But Gore "gave at the office." By using public office to give other people's money to government programs, he was being charitable, as liberals increasingly, and conveniently, understand that word.  AND HE IS RICH! So even the liberal rich don't believe in giving their own money to the needy, but are only too willing to give the tax payers money to charitable causes through the welfare states they build.
Al Gore is right, although you would never admit it. It is part of the social contract that our country was founded upon that society as a whole has the right, duty, and obligation to ameliorate poverty and disease among its members.  It's a common obligation of each of us to help take care of the rest of us, and that view is consistent with Maimonides' highest rung of the Ladder of Charity.  Of course you would agree with him giving just 0.2% of his personal income while taxing low and middle income earners in order to force distribution of their earnings.   And just for the fun of it, would you mind proving that: It is part of the social contract that our country was founded upon that society as a whole has the right, duty, and obligation to ameliorate poverty and disease among its members. By showing where Government handouts were buit into the Constitution, or even suggested in it by the founders? I would love to see chapter and verse of those amendments!  And if: It's a common obligation of each of us to help take care of the rest of us,  then why aren't you criticizing Gore for being such a greedy and uncharitable miser by not donating from his income to the poor? Kinda hypocritical of both of you I would say. Him for not giving and you for not caring. But at least you are consistent in your inconsistency chester, and in your hypocrisy. emoticon_rolleyes
Al Gore is right, although you would never admit it. It is part of the social contract that our country was founded upon that society as a whole has the right, duty, and obligation to ameliorate poverty and disease among its members.  It's a common obligation of each of us to help take care of the rest of us, and that view is consistent with Maimonides' highest rung of the Ladder of Charity.  Of course you would agree with him giving just 0.2% of his personal income while taxing low and middle income earners in order to force distribution of their earnings.   And just for the fun of it, would you mind proving that: It is part of the social contract that our country was founded upon that society as a whole has the right, duty, and obligation to ameliorate poverty and disease among its members. By showing where Government handouts were buit into the Constitution, or even suggested in it by the founders? I would love to see chapter and verse of those amendments!  And if: It's a common obligation of each of us to help take care of the rest of us,  then why aren't you criticizing Gore for being such a greedy and uncharitable miser by not donating from his income to the poor? Kinda hypocritical of both of you I would say. Him for not giving and you for not caring. But at least you are consistent in your inconsistency chester, and in your hypocrisy. emoticon_rolleyes   For anyone who disputes the idea of the social contract and its points, I suggest that they have someone read them John Locke's Two Treatises on Government.  I don't know obaout anyone else, but I certainly do not want to live in the Hobbesian/Randian world of the "war of each against all".  Let's see now, where does this come from; "That which you do unto the least of my bretheren you also do unto me."?  Why is it that in every debate, all you ultimately ever contribute are cheap cliches like this: Live simply in order that others may simply live! which sound good, but are empty without positive action which lifts people out of the dregs of poverty?  And as I've shown by quoting our exchange, you haven't answered any of your shallow claims at all, as usual. And how can you claim that conservatives are against supporting the needs of the poor when I showed just 13 posts above (which both you and simone ignored completely!) that conservatives give 30% more on average than you flaming liberals, who like to sound charitable as you don't yourselves support the poor with your own giving?   Your blindness and hypocrisy is mind boggling as you demand Tax payer funded altruism as if creating another welfare state is the way to individual prosperity. History has proven that workfare does more than feed a person, it teaches them to feed themselves. But welfare just creates another needy sponge on society and takes away the motivation to be self sufficient and independent.  And I insist that you quote my posts that said to let anyone starve as if I believe in a sink or swim society! I don't believe that at all, but neither do I believe that creating a permanent, dependent underclass will allow America to remain the land of opportunity.
Winnie Pooh, no, you deliberately choose NOT to understand my position.  I want those children cared for, I want them admitted into the human race as fully enabled and valuable persons.  It's the fetus worshippers who devalue these wretched children.  And, the term "fetus-worshipper" is quite valid until it is utterly proven that care extended to all humanity by those who in my eyes only care about fetuses, when the fetus worshippers care about those who are in need, those who are hungry, those who are thirsty, those who are homeless, who are sick, who are wretched because of their circumstances.  Unfortunately, the fetus-worshippers are deathly afraid of health care being available to all, are afraid of workers earning a living wage, are deathly afraid that the working poor might have opportunities.  Your leftist bigotry and prejudice is showing again simone. You make such sweeping generalizations when it has bee proven that conservatives are much more generous than liberals in contributing to all of the needs you assume we ignore. The fact is simone, that if you were really informed in the things you think you know to be true, and are really sincere in your concerns as you claim to be, you would be a true conservative.  You claim to value life, yet you endorse the genocide of 1.4 million unborn babies per year. While at the same time you call we who value the unborn fetus worshipers; and you call conservatives bigots? And at the same time you resist the Death Penalty which legally executes capital murderers. Your world view is upside down and about as consistent as Hitlers, who claimed claimed to care about the German people as he committed genocide on the disabled, the Gypsies, Homosexuals and the largest victim class, the Jews. All the while rewarding those who carried out these atrocities. Sound familiar? Because that is exactly what you represent as you demonize people like me who have a consistent world view which only seeks to hold the guilty responsible for their actions and protect the innocent.   Here is the evidence that conservatives outgive liberals by an average of 30%.  Although liberal families' incomes average 6 percent higher than those of conservative families, conservative-headed households give, on average, 30 percent more to charity than the average liberal-headed household ($1,600 per year vs. $1,227).   Conservatives also donate more time and give more blood.   Residents of the states that voted for John Kerry in 2004 gave smaller percentages of their incomes to charity than did residents of states that voted for George Bush.   Bush carried 24 of the 25 states where charitable giving was above average.   In the 10 reddest states, in which Bush got more than 60 percent majorities, the average percentage of personal income donated to charity was 3.5. Residents of the bluest states, which gave Bush less than 40 percent, donated just 1.9 percent.   People who reject the idea that "government has a responsibility to reduce income inequality" give an average of four times more than people who accept that proposition.  Brooks demonstrates a correlation between charitable behavior and "the values that lie beneath" liberal and conservative labels. Two influences on charitable behavior are religion and attitudes about the proper role of government.  The single biggest predictor of someone's altruism, Willett says, is religion. It increasingly correlates with conservative political affiliations because, as Brooks's book says, "the percentage of self-described Democrats who say they have 'no religion' has more than quadrupled since the early 1970s." America is largely divided between religious givers and secular nongivers, and the former are disproportionately conservative. One demonstration that religion is a strong determinant of charitable behavior is that the least charitable cohort is a relatively small one -- secular conservatives.  Reviewing Brooks's book in the Texas Review of Law & Politics, Justice Willett notes that Austin -- it voted 56 percent for Kerry while he was getting just 38 percent statewide -- is ranked by the Chronicle of Philanthropy as 48th out of America's 50 largest cities in per capita charitable giving. Brooks's data about disparities between liberals' and conservatives' charitable giving fit these facts: Democrats represent a majority of the wealthiest congressional districts, and half of America's richest households live in states where both senators are Democrats.  While conservatives tend to regard giving as a personal rather than governmental responsibility, some liberals consider private charity a retrograde phenomenon -- a poor palliative for an inadequate welfare state and a distraction from achieving adequacy by force, by increasing taxes. Ralph Nader, running for president in 2000, said: "A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity." Brooks, however, warns: "If support for a policy that does not exist . . . substitutes for private charity, the needy are left worse off than before. It is one of the bitterest ironies of liberal politics today that political opinions are apparently taking the place of help for others."  In 2000, brows were furrowed in perplexity because Vice President Al Gore's charitable contributions, as a percentage of his income, were below the national average: He gave 0.2 percent of his family income, one-seventh of the average for donating households. But Gore "gave at the office." By using public office to give other people's money to government programs, he was being charitable, as liberals increasingly, and conveniently, understand that word.Bleeding Hearts but Tight Fists  I wont even expect an apology for the blatant defamation of the character of conservatives which you spewed above, because I have come to know your character through your posts and opinions. ;)  If a society, having the means to do so, does not "ameliorate poverty and disease among its members," it is a shameful society.  I am not a Christian now because I now know better, but there have been some good teachings in Christianity regarding poverty and the disadvantaged. We may not be a Christian nation but we have within our basic national precepts many of the better Christian virtues in regard to poverty.  I cannot but wonder about those who claim to be Christian but are so utterly lacking in kindness and charity to those in need.  Perhaps they were only able to read a few pages of the bible. But one would think they were better informed about the basic teachings of Christ.  This is what makes you a despicable hypocrite simone. You have the nerve to make assumptions about conservatives as you ignore the evidence that it's the liberals who don't give. The evangelical and conservative churches not only benefit the poor in America but in every third world country on the planet. Even countries which persecute and kill christians. Here's a break down of the almost 300 BILLION Americans donated in 2006: "What people find especially interesting about this, and it's true year after year, that such a high percentage comes from individual donors," Giving USA Chairman Richard Jolly said.  Individuals gave a combined 75.6% of the total. With bequests, that rises to 83.4%.  The biggest chunk of the donations, $96.82 billion or 32.8%, went to religious organizations.   This figure represent mostly conservatives donating to churches which use that money to serve the poor and indigent throughout the world and to support missionaries who live their and serve the people.  The second largest slice, $40.98 billion or 13.9%, went to education, including gifts to colleges, universities and libraries.  This figure represent mostly liberal giving which supports elitist institutions but does little to serve the needs of the poor.  About 65% of households with incomes less than $100,000 give to charity, the report showed. This figure tells us that the majority of givers are middle class and support these charitable causes freely and with the intent of helping the less fortunate. But based on the link above, which you ignored, we know that conservatives are responsible for giving 30% more than liberals, and THAT MEANS THAT CONSERVATIVES GAVE 90 BILLION MORE THAN LIBERALS FREELY AND WILLINGLY. I agree that the government should tax liberals in order to get them to pay their fair share to the needy, but conservatives are already giving. And I resent your self righteous drivel that implies that it is christians like me who are saying "let them eat bread," when it is you hypocritical liberals who don't have a charitable bone in your bodies in comparison.  Americans give record $295B to charity - USATODAY.com
Why should a woman not have the right to choose what takes place in her own body.  Until fetuses are legally considered humans even before development is complete, and until abortion is declared murder, and killing a pregnant woman will bring charges of a double homicide, there's no legal standing for denying a woman the right of choice.  Bit killing a pregnant woman does bring charges of double homicide NATO. Remember the Scott Peterson case as just one well know example of this? But it happens all the time, even with vehicular homicide cases where both mother and fetus die in the accident.
No I didn't remember that, sorry.  The point still remains though, until fetuses are legally classified as human beings, and subject to all the same rights and freedoms as any other person, then abortion can't legally be considered murder.  Just the fact that abortions are legal makes your statement technically correct from a legal standpoint NATO. But our argument is a moral and ethical one. It is undeniable that you and I and every other person on this forum were once exactly like the 1.3 million unborn children who will be denied life over the next 12 months. That's over 4000 babies a day who will never see life. And I'm only talking about America, not the rest of the world.  It is also undeniable that at the very most, only 5% of those abortions are due to incest, rape, a seriously deformed baby, or due to the health of the mother. The vast majority of abortions that are procured in this country are used as a form of birth control for irresponsible women. That is not why abortions were originally legalized.  Also, do you know that if you get your own wife pregnant,(if you're married) as her husband, and the legal father of the child, if she decides that she wants to abort it, and you don't; you have absolutely no say in the matter? Even if you relieve her of all financial responsibility, or to raise it at all, it's her call and you have been relegated to the position of a sperm donor with no rights to protect your own unborn child from being denied life. Is that right in your opinion?  See above how sinjin makes this distinction regarding Lacy Petersons baby? Lacy Peterson was 8 months along. Yet, we have had many debates here where these pro-death advocates have argued in favor of late term abortions. Even President elect Obama voted for the live baby bill which allows abortionists who delivered aborted babies that were strong enough to actually survive the procedure, to place it in a fridge until it died. Now that's the humane concern for the innocent of these leftist hypocrites who claim to care about people.   But who speaks for these children NATO? Surely not them! And here's more on convicting people who cause the death of the unborn. You will see that laws vary from state to state but the unborn seem to have some rights everywhere, unless it's the MOTHER who decides to kill it. Talk about a license to murder, huh?  Prosecutors Across the Country File Charges in Unborn Babies  I ask you, how is that consistent at all? If the fetus has no human rights prior to birth for the sake of abortions, then how can they attempt to convict a person for killing them, and accidently no less, as no malice existed in some of these cases.? Yet they do.  Prosecutors Across the Country File Charges in Unborn Babies' Deaths  By Liz Townsend  Acknowledging that unborn babies are separate victims of crime, prosecutors across the country are charging the babies' killers with homicide and manslaughter - - as long as the deaths were not caused by abortion.  While some of these cases have resulted in convictions and long prison terms, courts in many states continue to treat an unborn baby's death as only an additional injury to the mother.  Twenty-four states have laws that recognize babies as crime victims during all or part of their pre-natal development. These laws deal only with unborn children injured by criminal assailants and do not affect legal abortions. [A factsheet on these state laws is available at www.nrlc.org/Whatsnew/sthomicidelaws.htm.]  A bill pending in Congress, the Unborn Victims of Violence Act, would recognize unborn children as victims under federal criminal laws, but most acts of violence are governed by state laws. [For more information, see National Right to Life Unborn_Victims/keypointsuvva.html.]  In Mississippi, the killer of an "unborn quick child" can be charged with manslaughter. Eric Laquinne Brown of Pontotoc, Mississippi, received a life sentence November 29 for the murder of Shorlonda Moore and a concurrent 20-year sentence for manslaughter in the death of her unborn baby.  Brown pled guilty to strangling his pregnant ex-girlfriend on January 22, 1999, leaving the bodies of Moore and her unborn child in a burned-out car in Memphis, Tennessee, the Associated Press (AP) reported. Brown killed Moore "primarily because she was pregnant and was causing him problems, demanding child support," Assistant District Attorney Clay Joyner told the AP.  An unborn baby was one of three people killed in a 1998 fire that destroyed an apartment building in El Reno, Oklahoma. Ryan Owen McCarty, 18, received three concurrent life sentences November 30 for the first-degree murders of Johnny Joe LeBleu, 24; Felicia Chisholm, 16; and Chisholm's unborn baby, the Oklahoman reported. Oklahoma law allows a homicide prosecution only if the child is "viable"; the killing of an "unborn quick child" can be considered manslaughter.  McCarty was convicted November 8 of all three murders. Felicia Chisholm's family had asked Canadian County District Judge Edward Cunningham for the sentences to run consecutively. They expressed disappointment when the concurrent sentences were announced, since McCarty may be eligible for parole in his lifetime. "I guess this is our life sentence, reliving that day over and over again," Chisholm's mother Cindy told the Oklahoman.  Prosecutors in states that rely on case and common law instead of a statute in cases involving unborn victims of violence have a much more difficult time obtaining a conviction. Olivia Taylor Garcia, an eight-month-old unborn baby, died October 10, 1998, after she was delivered in an emergency Caesarean section when a drunk driver collided with her family's car in Ontario, California. Her mother Raylene survived with a broken pelvis, broken ribs, and punctured lung, but Olivia spent four hours on a respirator at Loma Linda University Medical Center fighting for life until she died in her father's arms, the Daily Bulletin reported.  However, Antonio Ortiz, the drunk driver who caused her death, was acquitted of manslaughter November 24 when a judge determined Olivia was not a "viable human being." California law allows homicide charges to be brought against the alleged killer of an unborn baby after the embryonic stage, from about the eighth week after conception. If the defendant is charged with manslaughter, the baby must meet the "legal definition of life" outside the womb, according to the AP.  In Olivia's case, prosecutors did not believe they could meet the "very high standard" of proof that Ortiz knew the risks of driving drunk that would be required in a homicide case, prosecutor Kent D. Williams told the AP, and instead charged Ortiz with manslaughter.  "The manslaughter law is very unfortunate in that it makes an arbitrary distinction," Williams told the Daily Bulletin. "It's a distinction without a difference. It shouldn't make a difference whether a baby is killed inside or outside the womb."  West Valley Superior Court Judge Mary Fuller ruled that Olivia was "clinically dead" after she was delivered, with only a "weak heartbeat and ineffectual attempts to breathe," according to the Daily Bulletin. Fuller decided there was no evidence that Olivia's brain stem was functioning, which is a requirement to prove a person is alive.  "I don't care what the judge said," Olivia's mother Raylene Garcia told the AP. "To my husband and I, she was alive. We held her. We watched her die."  NRLC Associate Western Director Jan Carroll told NRL News that pro-life legislators in California have tried several times to pass a law allowing prosecutions for the manslaughter of unborn babies, but have not been successful. The Garcia case has revived interest in changing the law, Carroll said.  "Maybe something good can come out of this," Raylene Garcia told the Daily Bulletin. "Maybe a law can be passed. Maybe that's what Olivia died for."  The tragic deaths of a 14-year-old girl and her 7-month-old unborn baby in Boston have focused attention on how Massachusetts law views unborn victims of violence. Based on a 1984 Supreme Judicial Court ruling, the state's homicide law applies to the death of a "viable fetus," according to the AP. The court did not define what "viable" means, leading to continuing court battles over the interpretation of the law.  Two men, including the baby's father, were charged with double murder November 4 for stabbing 14-year-old Chauntae Jones in the stomach, killing her and her unborn baby. Kyle Bryant, 19, the baby's father, and Lord Hampton, 20, allegedly lured Jones to an abandoned hospital in Mattapan, beat and stabbed her, and buried her in a pre-dug grave, according to the Boston Globe.  Pro-abortionists immediately criticized prosecutors, saying that treating the unborn baby as a separate victim could be used to erode the "right" to abortion. "The assault or violence that harms a pregnancy is an attack on a woman," Melissa Kogut, executive director of the Massachusetts chapter of the National Abortion Rights Action League, told the AP. "The focus ought to be on the violence that harms a woman."  State pro-lifers insisted that both victims, mother and child, should be persons in the eyes of the law. "This is a baby," said Maryclare Flynn, executive director of Massachusetts Citizens for Life. "This family lost two people, and a defendant, or defendants, must pay for these two lives."  On the same day Bryant and Hampton were charged in the deaths of Jones and her baby, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court heard the appeal of another case involving the death of a seven-month-old unborn baby and her mother, the AP reported.  Michael Crawford was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the 1989 deaths. At the trial, the judge "instructed the jury to consider the fetus viable if it was potentially able to live outside the mother's womb," according to the AP.  Crawford's attorney, Matthew Robinowitz, argued to the Supreme Judicial Court that this definition was too broad and that, with the lack of a clear definition of viability, his client did not know the unborn baby was a legal person and should not be held responsible for the baby's death, the AP reported.
Archangel-  You make good points, some of which I was unfamiliar with up until this point.  Many British people believe in bigger and more powerful governments that offer more protections to the subjects, while at the same time restricting liberties in the name of security. Many people are alright with this, but I'm not one of them. I'm aware that neither solution in the abortion debate is a prime choice -either the mother has a right to decide what takes place in her own body, or her rights are superseded by those of a person that doesn't even exist yet and has the same standing and composition as a parasitic organism- but I feel that the former should be the one that ultimately wins out.  Yes I know that we all started out as a small cluster of cells and that's when we're most vulnerable to everything. I also know that a lot of future and potential lives will never come into existence if abortion remains legal. However I'm also aware of how that isn't exactly a bad thing. How many of those 1.3 million potential lives will be born into a family where the mother is single and unable to care for them, and thus die a long and drawn out death from malnutrition and filth? How many will be abused by their parents out of resentment because they were forced to take care of them? How many of these abused children would become dysfunctional with no hope of reform and turn towards crime and become serial killers and rapists motivated by their parents' hatred for them?  How many of those 1.3 million potential lives will be put up for adoption? The CPS and foster care system is already overwhelmed and underfunded, they can't cope with the sheer number they have already, and a lot of the excess children who aren't being cared for are living on the streets or in cardboard boxes, fighting just to scrape by from one day to another on whatever they can find in the dumpster, and however much loose change they can get by collecting cans.  Hi NATO, The reason why I must disagree with your concerns here is because I was around prior to Roe being passed and remember first hand that none of the things you think would result in women having unwanted babies ever existed in this country. If they were real issues they would be recorded as part of our history. What they are is pro abortion propaganda which the public has been spoon fed for as long as abortion has existed because the pro-abortion side uses these social fears as excuses in order to justify abortion so as to protect their multi billion dollar annual industry. But life is a journey and I respect yours. So just keep an open mind as you continue to look at this issue and remember that their is another, moral perspective regarding the issue of abortion.   What it comes down to is, is it better if these potential lives are aborted before they can begin and before a consciousness is developed, or afterward when they'll fully experience and be immersed in suffering and pain before dying?  If you could guarantee me that their fate was determined and poverty and suffering was their destiny in life, I would agree with you. But this country isn't built like that. We don't have a class system here. Children born into poverty accomplish great things in life. Children raised in orphanages accomplish great things in life. Check out foster children and adopted children by category, with bios of their histories and what they have accomplished in life. And consider that had they been aborted they wouldn't have been able to contribute to life as they have. Adoptees and Fosterees -  And before you give up on people with bad starts in life, check out Dave Thomas's life story. Dave Thomas Biography - Biography.com Thomas, Dave (1932-2002) Biography Founder of Wendy's International restaurant chain; television spokesman. Born Rex David Thomas, July 2, 1932, in Atlantic City, New Jersey, Thomas never knew his birth mother, and was adopted by a couple from Kalamazoo, Michigan, at the age of six months. Thomas's adoptive mother died when he was only five, and by the age of 10 Thomas had lost two stepmothers as well. He spent summers in Maine with his adoptive grandmother, Minnie Thomas, who was his closest relative and a big influence in his life.  When Thomas was still a pre-teen, his family (his father, Rex, had remarried again) moved to Fort Wayne, Indiana, where he worked at such jobs as a paperboy, golf caddy, and at a soda fountain counter in a drugstore. At 15, Thomas got his first job at a restaurant, and when his family decided to leave Fort Wayne to move again, he refused to leave, dropping out of school in the 10th grade and going to work full time.  Thomas served in the Army during the Korean War as the manager of an enlisted-men's club. Upon returning to Fort Wayne, Thomas found his former boss at the Hobby House restaurant, Phil Clauss, owned some of the first franchises of the budding Kentucky Fried Chicken chain. Clauss offered Thomas the opportunity to move to Columbus, Ohio, to turn around the restaurants, which were failing. Colonel Sanders's signature chicken had been a big hit for the Hobby House and Thomas thought he could sell it in Ohio. By 1968, a few short years later, a 35-year-old Thomas sold the franchises back to the headquarters for $1.5 million.  After complaining that he couldn't find a good hamburger in Columbus, Thomas decided to open his own restaurant. On November 15, 1969, he opened the first Wendy's restaurant, named for his eight-year-old daughter, Melinda Lou, known as Wendy. She was the youngest of his five children with his wife Lorraine, whom he married in 1956. Known for its square hamburgers and choice of toppings, Wendy's quickly caught on and within less than a decade grew into a franchise of 1,000 stores. I ask you NATO, would the country have been better off had Dave been aborted? Do you realize that the persons who may have held the key to curing the great diseases of out time or discovered inter-dimensional jumping may have been aborted last year, or last decade, or yesterday? What hubris man has to believe we are qualified to determine that a child doesn't deserve life based only on what we can see now, today, based on this limited perspective we have.  Late term abortion? I can't say that I'd support such a concept. In the first couple of months it's a different story, if the child isn't going to survive to full term then that's when they would die on their own. Maybe that's why I'm of the position that I am, I don't like the idea of women being told that they're second class compared to someone or something that might not even come into existence in the first place.  Women being asked to be responsible for their actions without requiring that the innocent child die for their irresponsibility isn't making women second class citizens. It is only making them take personal responsibility for their actions. And you should also know that because of abortion, their is a very real shortage of babies for adoption by loving parents who desperately want a child. So our system isn't overwhelmed by unwanted babies by any means.
Yay, i do, probably see humor in to many things actually. :)     For myself, i would never have one, except in extreme circumstances (dont want to jinx myself by mentioning them whilst referring to myself), but definitely not if i just got pregnant 'by accident'! although i diligently do everything in my power to make certain such a situation would not occur. If i was to fall pregnant then i would lovingly accept the responsibility of the life i had created, even if it wasn't planned.  For me, someone who works with children and wants a huge family one day, an abortion would be something i would never recover from, it would haunt me every day of my life.   But again, this is my opinion regarding the choice i would make. And the choice i would hope many more would make.   However, although i feel one way does not mean my sisters would chose the same, i would never deny the people i loved the right to chose. Even if i did not agree with the result. My gosh, i'd offer to raise the baby myself if they ever were faced with this issue, but i would not deny them their right to decide, and i would support them, no matter what.   Thanks for your candor.  Your position on abortion is a balanced, well thought out position.
...What exactly is the pro-abortion propaganda you speak of? Here's an excerpt from an editorial regarding this issue and it voices your stated concerns almost verbatim.  2. THE RATIONALE FOR ABORTION  There are a number of reasons given to justify abortion. It is important to examine their accuracy or validity.  Some say, "Better an aborted child than an abused one." It has already been demonstrated that the most abused child is the one killed by the abortionist. It is significant that as the number of cases of abortion increases, the number of cases of child abuse goes up also. If abortion were a deterrent to child abuse, the statistics would go in the opposite direction. We hear that child abuse has reached epidemic proportions. That should be no surprise, for as we cheapen the value of human life, the inclination to abuse it grows.  Advocates of the pro-life movement are sometimes accused of making their presentation "emotional." But shouldn't any compassionate person be disturbed by the wholesale slaughter of totally innocent children? However, the abortionists are good at making emotional appeals too. How often do the abortionists let a discussion go by without bringing in a heart-wringing case of the woman who was a victim of rape? There are those who mistakenly want to offer abortion as the way out.  The woman who is the victim of a rape needs the loving support of the church community. All the wagging tongues that suggest she might have invited the attack should be stopped. Many times pregnancy does not result, but when it does, the woman will ultimately realize that the baby conceived is as much a victim as she is. In no possible way can we place on the baby the blame for the rape. So snuffing out the life of the baby is as unjust as executing the woman because she had been raped. God in His infinite wisdom sometimes takes the most sordid situations which man can create, and brings something beautiful from them. A classic example of this is the singer Ethel Waters, who has brought joy and inspiration to the hearts of many. She was the product of the raping of a very young girl. It is true that the mother might feel that she cannot rear the child because it would be a constant reminder of her tragedy, but she could place the child for adoption where he would bring joy to the hearts of some couple who wanted a child but could never have one of their own. This could be a happy solution for all.  Another reason given for promoting abortion is poverty. Nothing is more disgusting than to hear some social do-gooder argue that abortions are needed for the poor. It is a personal affront to me, for I was born in what government would have called the poverty bracket, and have lived there most of my life. I ought to know better than the fellow who wrote the sociology textbook, whether life in such circumstances is worthwhile or not. I was tenth in a family of thirteen, so material things were not very abundant in my childhood. I know what it is like to see Christmas come and go, and there was no present for me. We did not have expensive works of art at home, but I still vividly recall the beauty of the sun setting behind the Allegheny mountains. We used to spend Sunday afternoon hiking over the mountains, and those trips were as full of adventure as anything the rich children could buy. We discovered how to have a good time with what was available.  Then too, we sometimes hear the argument that women will have abortions anyhow, so we should make it safe for them. But the Scriptures never imply that we should make wrongdoing safe. On the contrary, we are told that the wages of sin is death. If we were to transfer this principle to other situations, we would see how ridiculous it becomes. Robbing banks is dangerous, so we should make it safe. Sometimes a rapist gets hurt, so we should protect him against  this danger. If such reasoning seems foolish, remember that some are asking for it to be made safe for a mother to destroy the child she was responsible for begetting. The whole thing is absurd.Justice for the Unborn  The thing is that we don't know. The lowest people can rise to greatness, but only if they have the drive to get there. And a lot of time that journey is too hard and they just give up and resign themselves to what they perceive to be as their fate.  Your fist sentence is exactly right. WE DON'T KNOW! We don't know what the future holds regarding these children's potential, yet millions of women make decision for the future based on their immediate circumstances with no consideration of what the long term costs will be to the world. My point is that we all have value, and to be exterminated for the sake of another's convenience without even considering that child's future potential is not only shallow and shortsighted, but arrogant.   And what other segment of our society has the legal right to end a life based on their own personal convenience? No other. Only women have that right based on the shallow excuse that God endowed them with the gift of propagating the human race. They act like it's some curse which demands the right to choose, but they don't get pregnant spontaneously. They actively participate in the process that leads to pregnancy. So it becomes an issue of responsibility, not victimhood.  This is the way of thinking that this multi billion dollar industry doesn't want you to consider. And remember this too NATO, as the pro-abortion side makes all of these shallow excuses to justify abortion, and works with lobbyists to extend it to late term and live abortions, their true motivation is the money this industry generates. They obviously don't care about people as they exist for the sole purpose of destroying life.   Some adoptees may have performed great things, but not all of them will. They're no more special and bound for greatness than you or me who lived with our blood relatives.  True again, but is death preferable to adoption in your opinion? I would like some adoptees to weigh in, and I doubt we'll get even ONE to agree with that premise. They embrace the opportunity to live and accomplish their hopes and dreams just as you and I do.  It's not for me to decide whether or not we'd be better off if certain people were aborted before they were born. I'm just offering up reasons for why I support my position.  Agreed again NATO, my point is that since we don't know, shouldn't we ere on the side of life and opportunity? Have you considered that since these approximately 40 MILLION babies have been exterminated over the past 35 years, have you considered how many Einsteins, philosophers and hero's have been snuffed out? Of course we don't know, but just using the laws of probability, we know they have been many, even millions. How many scientific and medical breakthroughs have been killed in the mothers womb?  And how many inventors who might have eased world suffering with the power of their imagination have been denied life through abortion? The cost to this world due to abortion is incalculable by any measure of the standard. It is a selfish and shortsighted action which only considers the immediate needs of the woman without considering the long term impact on society or the world at large. And it is shortsighted on a moral basis also which is why so many women regret their decision for the rest of their lives. They too come to realize the potential they destroyed for selfish reasons which were based only on immediate circumstances, made at the moment.  Great now I have a new look on the situation. I thought I had an idea of how to look at it, now I've got to look at the whole abortion issue in the same context of government sanctioned bailout programs for homeowners who can't afford the houses they bought in the first place. That's a bad attitude to have, "Go ahead and buy a big ****ing castle that costs several billion dollars! The government will spent good taxpayer money to ensure that you get to keep it!"  Nothing worth having comes easy my friend, and so it is with the truth. Life is a journey and we must consider the long term consequences of our actions before just accepting that our actions are correct at first glance. That is a perspective that the pro-abortionists don't want you to consider. I'm glad we discussed this and don't expect you to agree with on every level of rationale. What I do expect is for you to search your conscience and sense of moral justice as you read the pro-abortion justifications in the future and judge them according to a longstanding and consistent perspective that considers more than just their shortsighted and selfish world view.
Who the devil has said:  That old Faux.News stand-by "Some say..."  Really, Archie, can you do no better than that?  You cannot ever actually identify by name and the date of occurrence anyone who has ever said that.  NATO asked for evidence that his quoted concerns are pro-abortion propaganda that he has received, rather than genuine social concerns if women are forced to delivers healthy babies. Here is NATO'S post. However I'm also aware of how that isn't exactly a bad thing. How many of those 1.3 million potential lives will be born into a family where the mother is single and unable to care for them, and thus die a long and drawn out death from malnutrition and filth? How many will be abused by their parents out of resentment because they were forced to take care of them? How many of these abused children would become dysfunctional with no hope of reform and turn towards crime and become serial killers and rapists motivated by their parents' hatred for them?  How many of those 1.3 million potential lives will be put up for adoption? The CPS and foster care system is already overwhelmed and underfunded, they can't cope with the sheer number they have already, and a lot of the excess children who aren't being cared for are living on the streets or in cardboard boxes, fighting just to scrape by from one day to another on whatever they can find in the dumpster, and however much loose change they can get by collecting cans.  What it comes down to is, is it better if these potential lives are aborted before they can begin and before a consciousness is developed, or afterward when they'll fully experience and be immersed in suffering and pain before dying? Basically, he is perfectly reflecting the "Better an aborted child than an abused one." justification for abortions. Not intentionally, as he is only repeating the talking points which he has heard for so many years. That is what I was responding to and I am totally correct in making the correlation. And your denials do nothing to disprove the valid point I'm making.
Archangel-  I was unaware of the fact that the points I brought up were pro-abortion propaganda; these were genuine concerns of mine that I believed to be relevant factors worth considering.  Then there's the fact that I keep remembering all of those commercials, those "For 79 cents a day" commercials that show the children in the slums, how there are 3,000 children dying every day due to lack of food, lack of medicine, lack of parents, lack of everything etc. Everytime I think of those commercials it's just so upsetting to me about how much those children, unwanted by their parents and unable to be cared for, have to suffer day to day, how hard it is just making it to six years old.  Hi NATO, That is the nature of propaganda my friend. You have been hearing these justifications subliminally for years. When you've seen ads like the one you describe, you automatically linked it to poor women having unwanted babies. But I don't think you're aware of this, but those commercials are referring to children in third world countries, not in the USA. I'm a member of "Feed The Children", which you're referring to. And I support this cause each month like paying my phone bills. But they aren't americans my friend. Here's the link to the program, it has a video and info regarding the details. Feed The Children: Innocent children like little Yvonne are struggling for survival today.
Archie, in other words you cannot account for any of the spurious nonsense you spew out.  You are manufacturing false information.  Hey hypocrite, I just went back over this thread, and where as I have supported much of what I have said with links, you have supported nothing you have said. So once again you prove that all you offer is unfounded and untrue lip service as you falsely accuse me of not supporting my claims when it is you who haven't supported any of yours at all. :xbanghead
A great civilization does not treat its children like this:  Study: 1 In 4 Kids Go Without Health Care, CBS News Has Learned Researchers Found Bigger Health Care Gap Than Thought For Children - CBS News  Unfortunately, under the aegis of the Bush/Cheney administration and the religious right, America has ceased to be a great civilization.  What ever happened to a parents responsibility to provide care for their children? Since when are we a welfare state who relies on the Government for all of our personal needs? Can you point to the clause in the constitution which guarantees national health care for all?   And are you suggesting that all americans had healthcare under Clinton or any other democrat president you can name? Of course not. Yet you blame Bush as if it's his fault some people don't have health care.
Tell me how parents living in poverty are going to provide health care for their children? GET A JOB!!!   And beside that, have you ever heard of emergency rooms refusing to care for sick children? I haven't! One of our big complaints has been all of these illegal aliens getting free health care without ever paying for it, so what makes you think sick american kids wont receive care? You bleeding hearts are just so blasted pathetic. You wont be happy until you turn america into a complete welfare state.  In every post you are asking for something else for free. For some service you are entitled to without working for it. You truly turn my stomach as you exemplify the exact opposite of the spirit which made this country great in the first place. And you exemplify why we are most assuredly doomed as a great Nation.
simone  Tell me how parents living in poverty are going to provide health care for their children?  GET A JOB!!!   And beside that, have you ever heard of emergency rooms refusing to care for sick children? I haven't! One of our big complaints has been all of these illegal aliens getting free health care without ever paying for it, so what makes you think sick american kids wont receive care? You bleeding hearts are just so blasted pathetic. You wont be happy until you turn america into a complete welfare state.  In every post you are asking for something else for free. For some service you are entitled to without working for it. You truly turn my stomach as you exemplify the exact opposite of the spirit which made this country great in the first place. And you exemplify why we are most assuredly doomed as a great Nation.  Most of these parents, both of them, are working three or four jobs.  These are the working poor. They work for a living, only because of greedy capitalistswho keep their heads buried in their nether regions and who don't believe in working people, they, the working poor, do not make a living wage.  It's pretty much a waste of time even communicating with you. But I would love to see you prove that any married couples working 3 or 4 jobs each are living in abject poverty. And then prove they can't afford to get their sick children treated at a hospital. Or prove that no social umbrella exists for needy families. Prove that children are being denied healthcare in this country as you continue on your tour looking for more handouts.
Please note that Archie, and anything he says, are backed by the 'Supreme Being', so it must be a fact that:-  a) you hate America b) you are ignorant c) you are not worth communicating with d) you, and all those like you [snip] contribute absolutely nothing to America  These are not insults, they are facts.  You have been told!  Thanks for clarifying the point I was making to simone. With all of your difficulties with comprehension, I'm surprised you got it. emoticon_smile
You greatly wrong me with your ignorant interpretation of what I said.  I love America enormously.   I believe that you believe that you love America. The problem is that you have no concept of what true love is. If you did, and if you truly understood what the founders represented, you wouldn't have made the statement below.   I hate what she has become under the aegis of the right wing religious and extremely heartless demagogues.  Above all, my America, the America of the Founders, has a heart.  A) The Right wing conservatives care enough about the poor to lift them up and make them self sufficient and independent rather than endorsing a welfare state which holds them in bondage to poverty for generations. And we fight to save the 1.3 million unborn babies you demand women have the right to kill each year. And you call that having a heart? And then you will argue to save convicted murderers and seek compassion for mass murdering terrorists who seek to exterminate your own children. So how dare you say you love America, or that you even know what love is when all you represent is defending those who kill the innocent.   2) If you really loved and respected the America the founders envisioned, you wouldn't be so anti-christian and threatened by the morals we bring to the table which are right in line with what the founders represented. Here's what I mean... Writings of America's Founding Fathers  Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness-these firmest props of the duties of men and citizens. The mere politician, equally with the pious man, ought to respect and to cherish them...reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle. The First Amendment does not include the phrase "separation of church and state." It reads: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." Nowhere does the First Amendment suggest that Christianity cannot be heard in the public square.  The first public school law was passed in 1642. The past 350 plus years a Biblical world view was taught in the public schools. Science, Law, History,Theology all conformed to Gods standard. In 1963 the beginning of the end for a moral America came, God was officialy removed from the public schools. Would the founding fathers of America agree with this??  First lets hear what the Bible says about governments and rulers.  Isaiah, Prophet of God.700 B.C." For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee (God) shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted." Isaiah 60:12  Paul, an Apostle of Jesus Christ. A.D. 57 " Let every soul be subject unto the higher power. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are are ordained of God." The epistle of Paul to the Romans.  David, King of Israel. 980 B.C. "The God of Israel said, the Rock of Israel spake to me, He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God." 2 Samuel 23:3   The Mayflower Compact  In ye name of God, Amen. We whose names are underwriten, the loyall subjects of our dread soveraigne Lord King James by ye grace of God, of Great Britaine, Franc, & Ireland king, defender of ye faith, &c. Haveing undertaken, for ye glorie of God, and advancemente of ye Christian faith, and honour of our king & countrie, a voyage to plant ye first colonie in ye Northerne parts of Virginia, doe by these presents solemnly & mutualy in ye presence of God, and one of another, covenant & combine our selves togeather into a civill body politick; for our better ordering & preservation & furtherance of ye ends aforesaid; and by vertue hearof, to enacte, constitute, and frame shuch just & equall lawes, ordinances, acts, constitutions, & offices, from time to time, as shall be thought most meete & convenient for ye generall good of ye Colonie: unto which we promise all due submission and obedience. In witnes wherof we have hereunder subscribed our names at Cap-Codd ye .11. of November, in ye year of the raigne of our soveraigne lord King James of England, France, & Ireland ye eighteenth, and of Scotland ye fiftie fourth. Ano: Dom .1620. (see photocopy)  The above is an exact transcription of the Mayflower Compact from a photo-scan of the original page of William Bradford's History Of Plymouth Plantation in his own handwriting.  Christopher Columbus 1492 The name says it all, "Christ bearer." "Blessed be the light of day, and the holy cross we say; And the Lord of verity, and the Holy Trinity."  Think about the places he named; San Salvador means "Holy Savior" Vera Cruz means "True Cross." La Navidad means " Nativity" or "Christmas." Then he named Trinidad, which means "The Trinity."  Today you can read his log. A quote from it, "It was the Lord who put it into my mind to sail to the Indies. The fact that the Gospel must be preached in so many lands -- that is what convinced me. Charting the seas is but a necessary requsite for the fulfillment of the great commission of our Lord and Savior."  William Bradford 1590-1657 Mayflower passenger Sept. 1620. A Governor of the Plymouth colony.  "They (the Pilgrims) had a great hope and inward zeal of laying some good foundation or at least to make some way there unto for the propagating and advancing of the gospel of the kingdom of Christ in those remote parts of the world, yea though they should be but even a stepping stone unto others for the performing of so great a work." In his later years he wrote with "grief and sorrow" of the growing secularism and the loss of "constant faithfulness".  The Pilgrims -- First called separatists or wanderers. Around 1600 this group was called puritans. They started in England in the counties of Lincolnshire, Yorkshire and Nottinghamshire, to purify the church and break away from the Church of England. In 1608 the group went to Holland and for twelve years John Robinson developed these people into what would be the founding fathers of America. The minority of the people sailed on the Mayflower and landed at Cape Cod after many delays and 63 days. The first year half of the pilgrims died but the rest survived and were joined by the others the next year.  Fisher Aimes -- Author of the first ammendment, wrote an article called "School books" in the Pladium magazine in January 1801, "We have trouble in the classrooms, we are putting in new text books. Nothing wrong with new books but we are spending more time on them than the Bible; it is drifting to the back of the classroom. We cannot tolerate this in American education. The Bible's morals are pure, its examples are captivating and noble.  George Washington -- From Farewell Address17 September 1796 -- "The Bible...is the one supreme source of revelation of the meaning of life, the nature of God and spiritual nature and need of men. It is the only guide of life which really leads the spirit in the way of peace and salvation. America was born a Christian nation."  "Reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle." "It is impossable to rightly govern the world without God and the Bible."  Benjamin Rush -- A signer of the Declaration of independence and founder of five Universities, three of which are still in use today, Ist Proffesor of chemistry in the U.S. In 1791 He wrote a paper "The defence of the use of the Bible as a school book" He wrote 12 reasons not to take the Bible out of school but at the end of the paper he wrote "If we were to remove the Bible from pulic schools we would be waisting so much time punishing crimes and taking so little pains to prevent them."  Woodrow Wilson -- "The foundations of our society and our government rest so much on the teachings of the Bible that it would be difficult to support them if faith in these teachings would cease to be practically universal in our country."  Calvin Coolidge -- "The fundamental basis of this nation's law was given to Moses on the Mount. The fundamental basis of our Bill of Rights comes from the teachings we get from Exodus and St. Matthew, from Isaiah and St. Paul. I don't think we emphasize that enough these days. If we don't have the proper fundamental moral background, we will finally wind up with a totalitarian government which does not believe in rights for anybody but the state."  Theodore Roosavelt -- "Progress has brought us both unbounded oppourtunities and unbridled difficulties. I believe that the next half century will determine if we will advance the cause of Christian civilization or revert to the horrors of brutal paganism. The thought of modern industry in the hands of Christian chariity is a dream worth dreaming. The thought of industry in the hands of paganism is a nightmare beyond imagining. The choice between the two is upon us."  "There is only one morality. All else is immorality. There is only true Christian ethics over against which stands the whole of paganism. If we are to fulfill our great destiny as a people, then we must return to the old morality, the sole morality."  Harry S Truman -- The fundamental basis of this nations law was given to Moses on the mount. The fundamental basis of our bill of rights comes from the teachings we get from Exodus and St. Matthew, from Isaiah and St. Paul. I dont think we emphasise that enough these days.."  John Adams -- "In 1798 he made proclamation that the 9th day of May that year would be a day of solemn humiliation, fasting, and prayer that the people of the US would offer their devout addresses to the Father of Mercies." Just let the President TRY to do that today!!  Earl Warren -- Chief justice of the supreme court, 1954  "I believe that no one can read the history of our country without realizing that the good book and the spirit of the savior, have from the beginning have been our guiding geniuses."America's Founding Fathers  Because you not only deny, but hate the true principles upon which this Country was founded, for you to say that you love this Country or the intent of the founders, is either to blatantly lie or to be so steeped in ignorance as to have been deluded by the lies which you prefer over the truth that originally set us free. My side is attempting to preserve the founders intent and your side is attempting to reshape America in your Godless, atheistic and secular humanist image which bears no resemblance at all to what made us the great Nation we used to be.
If only today's Christians actually acted in a Christian manner.  Acting in a more christian manner according to anti-christian heathens, means having to compromise the truth we know and the moral values which define us as christians, and if we do that then we will no longer be believers in, and followers of Christ. And if I allowed an unbeliever to define what it means to be a christian, that too would result in denying the truth I know to be my spiritual anchor in life. But nice job avoiding the argument I made above in favor of attacking my faith. BTW, not too far off topic, are you? emoticon_rolleyes
A nation of Christians is not necessarily a Christian nation. You are quick to forget that our supposed Christian founders went out of their way to form a nation that welcomed non-Christians as well. And I'm not defining what it means to be a Christian. I'm suggesting you don't live up to what the existing definiton requires. I know you think your mean-spirited judgements are just fine. Jesus said otherwise. Take it up with Him.  I'm not forgetting anything regarding what the founders intended. And post where I said I believe everyone must be christians! I never said it. Debating with you people is like trying to hold on to a greased eel with all of the assumptions you make about what I say, as you twist in the wind, back pedaling as you do in the hope of attacking me from any possible angle.   And I know very well your attempting to insult my christian walk in your simplistic way. The problem with that is that you don't know me from adam and are wrongly judging me based on your twisted understanding of what a christian should be. You hate what I represent because I oppose your values and I dare to say it. Jesus also rebuked the scribes and pharisees, the so called wise of his generation.   And they hated Him for telling them the truth also. And what you are calling mean spirited in that post above to simone, wasn't anything of the kind. It was just straight forward and direct in pointing out the flaw in her argument regarding how she sees America. I made my point and rather than waste your time trying to refute its truth, you choose to once again make this about me. Not a very strong debating tactic sinjin, but I guess it's to be expected around here from this crowd. Hey, at least you're impressing chester the thread molester. emoticon_wow
"Outside of Jewish history and writings, the Pharisees have been made notable by references in the Christian Bible to conflicts between them and Jesus. Christian traditions have been a cause of widespread awareness of the Pharisees among the world's roughly two billion Christians.  Because of the New Testament's frequent depictions of Pharisees as self-righteous rule-followers, the word "pharisee" (and its derivatives: "pharisaical", etc.) has changed in meaning and has come into semi-common usage in English to describe a hypocritical and arrogant person who places the letter of the law above its spirit. Jews today (who subscribe to Pharisaic Judaism) typically find this insulting if not anti-Semitic.  An important binary in the New Testament is the opposition between law and love. Accordingly, the New Testament presents the Pharisees as obsessed with man-made rules (especially concerning purity) whereas Jesus is more concerned with God's love; the Pharisees scorn sinners whereas Jesus seeks them out." Pharisees - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  Archie,  What if it is you that's the Pharisee?  In short, the Pharisees opposed Jesus because He represented freedom from religious bondage to rules and regulations which so hindered the peoples freedom as believers in the living God, that a man walking down the road on the Sabbath was not allowed to even stop and help a victim of a robbery who's laying on the side of the road bleeding to death.  They so corrupted Gods word that they wouldn't dine with, touch or even speak to a person of a different belief system. They separated themselves from any and all who didn't live according to their rules, and even killed some for breaking their legalistic rules. Jesus brought freedom and liberty to the oppressed and the outcasts of that society, especially the women. He defines true love and acceptance while never condoning sins which He understood were harming the doer, more so than God.  You think that the shall nots in the bible are rules to hold you down and restrict your free will. They are nothing of the sort. They are warnings of a loving father to protect us from the results of these destructive activities. And here we are on a debate forum and because I point out these spiritual laws which apply to all of us universally in the context of the subjects we debate, you accuse me of being a pharisee as you miss the testimony I give regarding the freedom from sin's bondage which is available in Christ.  Jesus was the great liberator of humanity yet you believe the lie that He wants to limit your freedom. He liberated women especially against the will of the Sanhedrin. He gave rights where none existed before. This is the truth I live by and share here. But it is constantly thrown back at me as if I'm personally judging you. I have no power to condemn anyone sinjin, only you have the power to condemn yourself by rejecting the free gift which Jesus died in order to give to us.
Holy cow! So you are an Aussie now? In various other forums you have claimed to be Chilean, German, and God knows what else....whatever suited you at that moment. emoticon_rolleyes  where did I claim to be an Aussie?
somebody in this thread , "holly" I thinkg said that the reason she would have an abortion if after being raped she became pregnant was because she didn't want a child with the DNA of a rapist.  Now, if the father of the rapist was not a rapist, and neither were any of his male progenitors how does she explain the occurrence of this rapist?  also, what if the baby is a girl?  to say that being is a rapist is encoded in one's DNA is ignorant and illogical  perhaps stupidity is inheritable, I hope not.
somebody in this thread , "holly" I thinkg said that the reason she would have an abortion if after being raped she became pregnant was because she didn't want a child with the DNA of a rapist.  Now, if the father of the rapist was not a rapist, and neither were any of his male progenitors how does she explain the occurrence of this rapist?  also, what if the baby is a girl?  to say that being is a rapist is encoded in one's DNA is ignorant and illogical  perhaps stupidity is inheritable, I hope not.  It was Holly, and I agree with you regarding the facts which you point out. But with something so personal, traumatic and invasive as a violent rape, I wasn't about to criticize her emotional reaction when imagining such an incredibly horrendous event.   But I think the question as to whether she would feel the same way if she learned that the child was a girl is both valid and very interesting. Holly? Any response to that question?
I think all abortion threads ought to be aborted once and for all
It was Holly, and I agree with you regarding the facts which you point out. But with something so personal, traumatic and invasive as a violent rape, I wasn't about to criticize her emotional reaction when imagining such an incredibly horrendous event.   But I think the question as to whether she would feel the same way if she learned that the child was a girl is both valid and very interesting. Holly? Any response to that question?  well, if her emotions make her suspend her reasoning .. fine, but still her logic is wrong for there is no gene that codes for 'rapist'.  look, abortion is a never ending debate of which I am sick and tired of, specially when emotions take over reason so ...  I am taking leave of this forum for a while, a long while I think.
Archie has this to say about Columbus:   Here's another entry from Columbus' log upon his first encounter with a  Christopher Columbus and the Indians by Howard Zinn  These Arawaks were noted for their hospitality, their belief in sharing, which brought them to grief at the hands of the Christian Europeans:  From the above website.  Yeppers! Good old Christian values. Seize the women and children and use them for sex and slave labor.  And you attribute these quotes about Columbus to me, WHY? Did I refer to this information as a defense in any debate, or to support any christian values I have promoted? Of course not. Yet you DISHONESTLY attempt to attribute them to me as if they are my core beliefs and principles which I live by. Just admit it simone, you have no arguments or rational justifications to support your Godless and liberal philosophy so you must resort to slandering my world view. emoticon_xdonno
No, dear Archie, I didn't attribute my quotes about Columbus and slavery and sex slaves, I was merely pointing out that you had totally missed the boat in the real history of what Columbus was about, exploitation of the New World and its peoples.  And, I wouldn't put it past you to edit your posts in order to remove the quote that I did attribute to you:  I wont edit my post at all because again, you obfuscate and blatantly lie about my position. You said this, and I quote: Archie has this to say about Columbus: before posting excerpts from this link: Christopher Columbus and the Indians by Howard Zinn , which you directly attribute to me as if I said or posted it. Please quote me by posting where I said anything about Columbus anywhere on this thread? You are attributing actions and principles to me which I never defended or endorsed in any way, shape or form. That is the epitome of dishonesty.  And are you so ignorant of history and the cultures which existed within it that you feel justified in condemning modern christians based on what was culturally acceptable in 15th century Spain? Not to mention that these were catholics who took their marching orders from the Pope and the Queen of Spain, and not evangelical christians as I am who take our orders from Christ and his scriptural principles, which is why you can post no modern examples of born again christians committing these atrocities today.   We don't send invading armies anywhere around the world. We send unarmed missionaries into dangerous places with food, medicine and bibles to share the love of Christ and to help the poor. Yet, in your irrational and bigoted hatred for anything good and righteous, you attempt to paint us with the same broad brush that you condemn 15th and 16th century Spanish explorers with. And what is even more sad and pathetic is that you can't even see the dishonesty and ignorance in making such a comparison.   Now post where I held up Columbus as any kind of an example of the 21st century christian ethic, or even referred to him as any type of example to evangelical christians in this thread or retract your claim that I have held him up as such. Read about atrocities committed against missionaries and see what they face as servants of God and the people they desire to help. There are 260,000 links to wade through, so take your time and learn something for once. How many american missionaries are killed in foreign countries each year? - Google Search
The first sentence of the quote YOU chose says it all:  I believe that you were inferring that Columbus was bearing the wonderful message of Christ to the New World.  Please correct me if I am wrong in inferring that.  And if it were your intent, what a wonderful message!  Slavery and service as sex slaves.  I posted a link, here: America's Founding Fathers which reflects the Writings of America's Founding Fathers No where did I claim to support nor defend the cultural mores of the day. And neither does the link itself. You are attempting to excoriate all christians based on perceived acts which were prevalent in a 15th century culture. Beside that, you have produced no evidence at all that Columbus ever participated in the alleged atrocities you attribute to him. Here's the post link again for those who wish to see the post in proper context. http://www.4forums.com/political/abortion-debates/5447-new-person-here-4.html#post333457 Now prove that Columbus personally participated in the acts you attribute to him rather than offering nothing more than your usual unfounded accusations.
I think that there is something morally wrong with it and that there's no need to elaborate in this circumstance.  I think there is something morally wrong with an obsolete practice, that being abortion, merely because it is unnecessary---at least, in its most common function, that is to relieve someone's inconvenience. Nobody should have to die for somebody's convenience.  I also don't buy the common statement that abortion is a 'woman's right'. The logic in that belief is easily shot down with statistics. There have been over 40 million abortions and they havn't only been little boys, they were little girls, too. I respect women much, much more than I respect men, too. So, I am sexist, and it's all to womens' advantage.  Yes, it is an awful thing that women suffer from an unfair burden---that is, that the man can leave her and go on living a normal life without anyone ever knowing what happened. But that still doesn't justify murder.  I find it highly ironic that democrats tend to justify abortion by saying that those children would grow up to lead 'bad' lives, merely because they are more likely to grow into an unwealthy home. Isn't this supposed to be the 'party of the people'? Aren't they the 'defenders of the poor'? No, actually, they seem to be killing them off... blunt as it sounds, it's the truth.  Of course, I support abortion in some instances, where rape, incest, or the mother's life is in danger.  The sad thing is that abortion isn't necessary. The Republicans, surprisingly, aren't helping to clear the path to place further restrictions on abortion. We could supply finances to ensure that these babies that are given up to the state can live in nice foster homes, go to good schools with vouchers, and find good jobs by utilizing a new form of affirmative action that doesn't rely on skin color at all, but rather, on financial background.  But, we don't.
Since the fetus was already dead, then besides inappropriate use of a dead human body I can't think of anything morally wrong with it. Personally I'm rather more concerned with how the article describes how that idiot treated his co-workers and ran his clinic.  lol, i don't want to say you have lack of morals but you support killing humans, eating humans, mishandling humans,....or you rank humans and believe all the above things are ok for some humans. Either way, that is pretty out there.
Since the fetus was already dead, then besides inappropriate use of a dead human body I can't think of anything morally wrong with it. Personally I'm rather more concerned with how the article describes how that idiot treated his co-workers and ran his clinic. "Of course there's nothing wrong with eating a fetus, but having a dirty clinic, now that's crossing the line. How dare that man have trash on his floor!"   However it is quite silly to declare it immoral or moral. You're a relativist, why should we listen to you?  Absolute morality cannot be known You're a relativist, why should we listen to you?  and therefore applying a standard that is unknown should immeditely be laughable. Even more laughable is your post. Why bother making a statement when by your own standard that statement is meaningless?  Moral relativism obviously would state it is and is not at the same time... Making the moral relativist a schizophrenic.  So the answer to your question is that there is no answer. So which is it: the action is moral, the action is immoral, or there is no answer? You seem confused.
Cone;  I know your feelings regarding abortion Judging from this post, you obviously know nothing about my feelings regarding abortion.  If you takes the tools that every GYN/OB learns in medical school away from the medical profession I never supported this  and you place a ban on abortion I do support this  don't you think that could endanger a woman's life, should she go into a trauma state ? Since I don't advocate the removing of a doctor's medical instruments, then no, I don't think a woman has anything to worry about should she find herself in a true state of medical trauma.  And if you ban abortion ( like prohibition ), do you not see a cottage industry of unsafe abortion clinics, with M.D.'s running them, who have been stripped of their license; hence placing a woman's life in peril ? Do you support a ban on murder? If so, do you not see that a rogue group of law-breakers will still murder anyway; hence putting some people at risk of being murdered?  but I'd like to pose a medical question to you. I thought you were going to ask me a medical question...
That article is just sickening this is why i beleive that every fetus/baby should be given a respectfull burial then sicko's like this will have to account for missing fetuses/babies/limbs.
I'll thank you not to misrepresent my position.   I support killing people where the alternative is worse.  I support eating people where the alternative is worse.  I suppport mishandling people where the alternative is worse.*   All people have the same human rights and freedoms.   Morality is objective, knowable, and decidable.  *You may have noticed that I found the man's conduct with dead human fetus morally objectionable. I found the way that he ran his clinic morally objectionable. There's something wrong with eating dead feti when you can avoid it, and there's something wrong with maintaining an unhygenic clinic when clinics need to be sanitary.   In fact, you know what I find really morally objectionable? People misrepresenting my position.  Well, we will have to agree to disagree about what your position means...however, I really can't think of many worse off alternatives to killing someone. Not only that, who decides which is worse? For abortion the unborn is killed when the alternative is to have it live. Shouldn't the unborn have the choice?  Again with eating people...how is alternative worse? If I say that eating you would be much better then eating a hamburger does this make it ok?  so on and so forth...   I asked you many medical questions; but you chose to parse my statements. What was it then? I believe you asked his opinion and he gave it to you.  So, Modern Republic, you are reducing the burdens and ills of pregnancy, the dangers of giving birth to a mere "inconvenience."  Have you ever experienced a pregnancy? Have you ever enjoyed the pain and trauma of giving birth? What do you know about pregnancy, giving birth, the burdens of bearing the primary responsibilities of parenthood which fall upon women rather than upon men? In short, what the devil do you know about life itself? Baby, what baby?...oh yeah, it is not all about the mother, there is a baby human there too. I guess chopping the unborn up is pretty painless and a lot nicer then making someone go through a pregnancy...God forbid one experience pain every now and then...after all, we have prozac!
So, Modern Republic, you are reducing the burdens and ills of pregnancy, the dangers of giving birth to a mere "inconvenience."   It is an inconvenience, but be glad that you had a mother that was willing to go through with it. I don't think you appreciate that.   Have you ever experienced a pregnancy? Have you ever enjoyed the pain and trauma of giving birth? What do you know about pregnancy, giving birth, the burdens of  I would imagine that the physical harm caused to a baby in an abortion easily trumps the pain suffered in a pregnancy.   I also don't like how your type tries to pre-determine what other people's lives are going to be. You know, the greatest president in United States history was left to fend off an Illinois winter in the woods. He slept at night on this wooden 'lean-to'. That's what I call 'human spirit', and I believe in it. I believe that just because you are born poor doesn't make you any less human. I don't think anyone has the right to say that one person is 'worth more' than another, that one person's pain ought to be relieved by killing another. That's not a proportional response.   Pain is a part of life, you can't deny that. Just remember, someone went through pain to bring you here, you should return that generosity to your children.  bearing the primary responsibilities of parenthood which fall upon women rather than upon men?   This just goes to say (to be blunt), 'know who you are ****ing'. No one should go out and get pregnant a week after they meet a guy.  In short, what the devil do you know about life itself?  You don't know me. One thing that you should learn in life is that you shouldn't develop assumptions about people you don't know. You don't know how old I am, where I live, what my parents are like, what my love interests are, you cannot understand the perspective I have on life---simply put, you don't know me.  Your last sentence exudes a sense of arrogance, an ability which is definitely needed in deciding who dies for nothing.
The alternative is to force the mother to bring the fetus to term, which I find much more objectionable to letting her decide what is done with her body. The fetus has a choice in the matter, but that choice is circumscribed by its relation to the woman's choice. Since we can respect the woman's choice to remove the fetus from her body, and we cannot yet respect the fetus' presumed choice to live once it is removed from the mother's body, it is permissable that the fetus dies. The fetus' death is incidental to preserving a woman's right to personal autonomy  Didn't we jsut say there weren't many things worse then death? How is "forcing" a mother to go through with something she did objectionable? SHe can decide what she wants with her body...however, the fetus is not her body. Not only that, I am still wanting to know where this "right to personal autonomy" comes from. One guy said the 14th amendement which would imply that if removed this right would not exist. Moreover, if it goes beyond government who created it..More moreover, how does a "right" to personal autonomy superceed a right to life? One can't have any other right without the right to life.
Can We rip off your privates and keep them in my freezer. To hell with your bodily autonomy - we don't want you to possibly get some girl knocked up.  Having control of one's body is paramount. Lose it for a day and you will never question that again. As I recall personal autonomy is being able to do what you want with your own body. So someone ripping parts off of me would be a different issue.   Besides, I would say having control of ones body is probably a good thing...however, having the ability to have life would without a doubt be above that. How can you control your own body if you can't even exist? What about the babies "right to control his/her own body"? We then get back into ranking people again...this is going in circles. One said thinks personal autonomy of women is at the top of all rights and the other says right to life for ALL is the top. Is that a good summary?
Indeed, and this is one of them.   So we can conclude, as we did with another member here, that you are putting a personal want over a life? Or in other words, someone not getting what they want is worse then death.   Yes, that's why she has the right to eject it from her body but not to kill it unless out of mercy So you don't support abortion then? An abortion kills the fetus inside the mother. In fact, late term abortion can literally hack it to pieces and pull it out one by one.  Keep in mind I still don't believe the mother has any right to eject it as she was the one that put it there in the first place. Thats like bringing a guest in your house putting him/her in a locked room and saying get out or I will kill you and then killing him because he/she "wouldn't" leave....  The right to personal autonomy is a necessary result of analyzing social interactions in terms of rights - much like an axle is essential to a wheel. It's instantiated by the US Constitution You aren't allowed to drink until 21, you can't smoke weed, you can't walk around naked...those are three examples of your "right to personal autonomy" that are restricted. IT is not in the US Consitution as I have read it hundreds of times. You may have rights that are part of what would be total personal autonomy but you certiainly doen't have one for 100% total personal autonomy. The right is not necessary because you could survive without having any right to your own body. However, without a right to life you have no rights at all because you can't even exist so once someone abuses that right the others go away too.
You're a fool why should we listen to you? You're a fool why should we listen to you? Rebutting people's questions/arguments by calling them names is an interesting way to try and beat them in an argument.  COnsidering you do not have the ability to understand, you are obviously confused. Moral relativism would state it is and is no. Moral absolutism is unkown. Therefore it could be morally right or wrong. Under such unknown conditions the action is both morally wrong and morally right. It's not hard concept to understand. Is this supposed to clear things up? Would you be confused if I said that 2+2 was both 4 and not 4 at the same time?  you do realize you have horribly failed in every single one of your feeble attempts to prove what moral absolutes are? On the contrary, we failed to bring the discussion to a satisfactory close because you simply left the discussion. I don't mind revisiting this discussion if you like, but I'm not going to do it in this thread as it would lead us way off topic. But, if you want a link to the last post I made to you concerning moral absolutism, you can find it here
Hold up a second. Hypothetical question time.  A person is linked to you through all sorts of intricate life support systems. They absorb energy from your body, and you process their waste for them. If you cut them off from your body, they will die.You suffer considerable physical and emotional discomfort from this.  Would you want to be able to end this arrangement at your discretion?  Following on, would you insist that it be made illegal for anyone to end this arrangement (assuming this is not a unique case) at their own discretion?  way to steal the violionist question...I can respond by one of the many responses I didn't write too.
Can you rephrase this so I understand it?   sigh....I couldn't have screwed up that last post anymore then I did hehe.  Anyway, your arguement is from taken from the story of the violionist. There are many that argued this point it is pretty much invalid now.   No, I support a woman's right to choose. I believe it saves time and makes it easier to extract the fetus if you kill it in utero.   doesn't this contradict what you just said? which was...  Yes, that's why she has the right to eject it from her body but not to kill it unless out of mercy 
That's pretty amusing. You clearly use relativst as a insult but then you complain when your own tactics are used aganist you. Pretty weak IMO. By calling you a relativist, I was making a statment that is true. I called you a relativist because you are a relativist (by your own admittance). And I posed a very legitimate question in asking you, a moral relativist, why we should listen to anything you say about morality. You, on the otherhand, called me a fool; something I have not admitted to being, and you certainly have not proven. So you really didn't use my own "tactics" against me, and thus I did not fault you for doing something I did myself. Why do you have to take everything so personally?
Since the fetus was already dead, then besides inappropriate use of a dead human body I can't think of anything morally wrong with it. Personally I'm rather more concerned with how the article describes how that idiot treated his co-workers and ran his clinic.  Pardon me for actually getting back on the thread topic. I will try to be brief.  First and foremost, it's neausiatingly (did I just make up a new word?)disgusting.  But morals are relative to many factors. From a "Christian" point of view, I suppose that moralist would be obligated to refer to the scripture that says something to the effect, "Verily, I say unto you that it matters not what you put in your mouth for that will be cast unto draught. It is what comes out of your mouth that comes from your heart."   Or something like that. My scripture is a little rusty since that brownie episode in 1968. Don't ask.
Really, who do you think you are fooling? You clearly have contempt of moral relativism as in your many posts aganist it. Yes, I clearly take issue with moral relativism.  You clearly used it as a insult No, I really didn't.
The fact that you find something nauseating does not make it immoral. And this has what to do with my post?  Well, I'll explain. I'll type slow. :p   The fact that you find something nauseating does not make it immoral.   I don't think I ever said it did.  And this has what to do with my post?   The thread topic asked if it was immoral for some abortion doctor to be consuming fetus milkshakes...or something like that.  Some people define their morals from a biblical sense. Especially in a christian environment. The new testament biblical passage regarding what you can or cannot eat and the morals thereof was addressed in the passage I quoted from the bible.  Comprehende? Bueno.
And nine months of pregnancy doesn't have anything to deal with a woman's body? I figured you would be a little more opposed when it came to YOUR body parts. Men's are sacred, women's are public domain. Gotcha.  Never said that. However, the baby is not part of the womens body now is it?  Wanna bet? I have been without it and would sacrifice my life to never go there again. Look at history and what people have done for personal freedom. I doubt there has ever been ANYTHIING people have sacrificed life for more than liberty/autonomy/freedom.  lol, do you really think "give me liberty..." means freedom to kill someone? I think you are mixing that one up. Not only that, when were you without life (or maybe I read that wrong)? If I read it right I see you came back to life which is good...   Then you talk about what people sacrificed life for...need I remind you that the US fought for "life, liberty, pursuit of happiness" among other things. Notice Life in there. Not only that, we had laws against abortion before, during, after the revolutionary war, so I don't think they were fighting for abortion. So yeah, life has to be the right about all...otherwise no rights would exist.  Since we are quoting famous people from the past I will give you a quote from John Adams (the guy who wrote the constitution of Mass. from which the US framed from)  Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.  and your Patrick Henry (who read that speech you had a few miles from my house)  It cannot be emphasized too clearly and too often that this nation was founded, not by religionists, but by Christians; not on religion, but on the gospel of Jesus Christ. For this very reason, peoples of other faiths have been afforded asylum, prosperity, and freedom of worship here  Why not Thomas Jefferson?  The chief purpose of government is to protect life. Abandon that and you have abandoned all.  In closing, don't try to argue that the founding fathers were for abortion, you will not win.
The point jitobear keeps getting at is the woman has to deal with 100% of the biological consequences of a pregnancy term where a man has to deal with none.  An unwanted pregnancy for a man is a non issue, for a woman it the opposite.  Which is why male pro-lifers who use arguements like yours have no leg to stand on because their perspective means they cannot appreciate what it is to be pregnant.  oh I dunno, I was in the womb once.  the baby has to deal with 100% of the bilogocial consequences of the pregnancy oo. Nevertheless, I don't recall using the arguement that you are suggesting I used but maybe I just don't understand what you are saying.
Nope, but it can't live without it for several months - so don't downplay the woman's body like this has no impact on her. Not that you would know... and not that I did either...  I am referring to have the freedom to make your own choices - to not having your body up for hijacking. hijacking? Hijacking is the seizing of something by use of force. The unborn baby was forced to be there...not the other way around.  Yes you did. I have been without personal autonomy. I have been the victim of rape and was abused by a very controlling husband. I would sacrifice my life for my liberty and wiould kill to keep it as well. But you don't have 100% personal autonomy and never will. Is this really that hard to see?  I'm not. It's simply a good quote. As a woman, I don't give a damn what a bunch of slave owning white guys who merely saw women as property would have thought of abortion anyway. Well those "slave owning white guys" (of which not all of them had slaves and most of them knew slavery needed to be ended) founded your country and established the government by which you feel protects your "right to abortion" or "personal autonomy"...eventhough they never established this....
Every single time you make the assisinine statement "the baby isn't the woman's body" you downplay the part the woman's body plays. Maybe it isn't the body - but it can't live without the woman's body. The owner of said body should be making decisions for said body. Ownership of someone elses body is something we already outlawed. As for the baby not being able to live without the womans body..well this is true. However, there are many things you rely on to keep you alive and this doesn't mean they "own" you.  When you are willing to force pregnancy against the will and without the voice of the woman who is pregnant - you are hi-jacking her body. I forget - are you one of those force the rape victim to carry the baby lifers? I didn't think we are talking about rape so lets leave that out for now. Force pregnancy is not something I see. If you willingly have sex and thus create a baby then this was not a forced "hijacking" but it was forced on the unborn. If you choose to be a part of creating a life then you have no business trying to end it as you have no right. I still have "right to exist (life) (live)" over any other right you could think of.  Pretty close and I will fight you hard if you try trample one inch of it.  No, not even close. Can you smoke weed? No. Can you run around naked? No. Can you fire a gun at someone? No. In other words, you can't do what you want with your body. It makes no sense and this right doesn't exist.  I still don't give a damn what they may or may have not have thought about abortion, nor was that an argument I was trying to make. Then I suggest you move to Canada because the government was not created by you.
 Are you really saying that you think an abortion is more barbarbaric (since it's your signature you could at least spell it right, barbaric) than what Hitler did in the Holocaust?   I don't mean to speak for Mr. Reason and I certainly do not want to minimize the holocaust, but in sheer numbers.... as a matter of fact, yes.  As barbaric as starving and gassing innocent people is, sucking the life out of them through a tube is certainly no walk in the park.
I don't mean to speak for Mr. Reason and I certainly do not want to minimize the holocaust, but in sheer numbers.... as a matter of fact, yes.  As barbaric as starving and gassing innocent people is, sucking the life out of them through a tube is certainly no walk in the park.  Thanks Truthsayer............As bad as the holocaust was and I am not one to ever trivulize it 40,000,000 abortions since 1972 is worse to me.........
I've noticed your latest signature is: " Abortion is the most barbarbaric act one human being can perpetrate on another."  Are you serious or is this just a slight exaggeration? Are you really saying that you think an abortion is more barbarbaric (since it's your signature you could at least spell it right, barbaric) than what Hitler did in the Holocaust?  Thank you for pointing out my spelling.......Like Will Rogers I am just and old country boy and spelling was never one of my better skills.......  I am glad you know about the Holocaust though......There are a lot of people in your age group who believe it never happened........
So let me ask this, if you believe that life begins at conception, which I imagine you do, then would you think that killing 11,000,000 fertilized eggs is worse than killing 11,000,000 jews?   There is no difference life is life no matter what stage of development no matter what creed no matter what colour whether it be homecide infantcide or indeed fetuscide there is no excuse to take someone elses life.
Sorry should have made my post a bit clearer i am on about human life.
Are you a vegetarian?  We are talking about human life...........
That's just your opinion however.  To me, the early stages of a fetus aren't really "human".  -Wez   Which ever way you look at it it is human it doesn't suddenly become human.  It was after all human sperm that fertilised a human egg.
That's just your opinion however.  To me, the early stages of a fetus aren't really "human".  -Wez  And that is just your opinion........Have you ever asked yourself, What if I am wrong? Probably not.........  Anything that cannot survive* outside of the womb is imo not "human".   So I guess you are against abortion in the 3rd trimester then becasue babies at that can and have survived outside the womb........
Hence the fact I stated it as my opinion. She did not. emoticon_rolleyes    Unless the mother's life is endangered, I'd most likely be against them.  -Wez  Who did not?  So if the mothers life is not endangered in the 3rd trimester and the baby is viable outside the womb you would be against and abortion? emoticon_confused
I'm not sure on this but I thought that in the third trimester abortions were illegal unless the mother's life was in danger.  The question was for Wez.......The congress passed a law against PBA but the left have submitted a lawsuit and it is under appeal...............  At this momemt you can abort at anytime during a pregnancy.......
So what gives humans this exclusive right to life? Why is a fetus's "life" equal to a grown man's life, yet they are both better than a deer or any other animal? What is your reasoning behind this? Is it just religious or do you actually have a logical explanation of why this is true (I have no problem if it is religious, just a question).  I will take that..........Most people that are pro life believe life begins at conception therefore killing a fetus is killing a human being....
According to your logic it does: when the sperm and egg join.  Anything that cannot survive* outside of the womb is imo not "human"  Well, thats not entirely accurate. I mean, if you take a hair from your head, it is a human hair. A fingernail clipping contains human cells. Human sperm cells are human as are human ovaries. A newly inseminated ovary is indeed, wholly human. I mean, it sure as hell isn't a chicken or cow fetus, is it?  I think what you mean is that it isn't a person.
So what gives humans this exclusive right to life? Why is a fetus's "life" equal to a grown man's life, yet they are both better than a deer or any other animal? What is your reasoning behind this? Is it just religious or do you actually have a logical explanation of why this is true (I have no problem if it is religious, just a question).  I realise these questions were not asked towards me. But I have a big mouth. :)   As far as the human portion of your question, I would suggest it is about a fair chance at life and even more so about "potential". Grinding up a fetus inside a mother is rather disgusting, no?  And just where are these abortions occuring most often? Third world nations who cannot support their current populations where it might make some sort of sense? No, they are happening most frequently in nations that damn well have the capacity to care for unwanted children. And, don't get me wrong, I do not lay all the blame of unwanted pregnancy at the feet of the woman. I want the fathers prosecuted if they are unable to pay for the costs of placing their children or taking care of their children. I want every damn paycheck they recieve deducted to pay for their children.   I don't really know what to say for deer or other animals. I do know that in the upper midwest U.S.A. the whitetail deer population is out of control. I had a young doe in my mid-city backyard two days ago at 5 am. My Lab chased her off. Abortion, as perfomed on human beings, is not a worthwhile option. Venison is good eatin' however. emoticon_xkill
 Barring serious physical deformities/ mental damage, or in some exceptional circumstances, then yes I would be against such an abortion.   Well at lest I thank you for that..........As far as I am concerned it would have to depend on how serious the deformity or other damage is.........There have been great gains in medical science in a lot of those areas and i think the baby at least deserves a chance to live...........
Barring serious physical deformities/ mental damage, or in some exceptional circumstances, then yes I would be against such an abortion.  Why third trimester? Trimester is nothing more then a 3month period..it has no science backing or any backing but a Courts random assertion.  Why is the life not worth killing in the third trimester but is in the second?
I'm not sure what the trimesters mean, but I'd be against abortions if the foetus could survive out of the womb without major mental/physical damage to the foetus, unless of course the woman's life was in danger.  -Wez  Ok I thought you were talking about the third trimester...anyway, well what makes the unborn more important when it can survive outside the womb?
I don't see it as a person before it can live 'normally' outside of the womb.  For example an acorn is not a smal oak, it's an acorn. A foetus, imo, is not a small person, it's a foetus.  -Wez While I am not real certain about how plant seeds work I do believe this "acorn" is still classified under the same thing as an oak tree would be. Once again, just didn't stages of development. Nevertheless, I am not sure a nut or a tree seed would really work here.  A fetus can live outside the womb though. A fetus is after the 8th week and I do believe one can survive sometime around 20 weeks?? Either way, it is a bad marker because 100yrs ago it wouldn't be able to survive outside the womb at 20weeks but now it can...does this mean the when someone is a person has changed? I an not all certain I can go with that. Besides who makes you the determiner of when a person is in fact a person?
Clearly an acorn is completely different form an oak. It may share the genetic material, but that's about it. It bears no resemblance to an oak. You know the look test will not cut it. It just doesn't work here because I can give you pictures of a 7 week old baby that looks like a human.   Nope. Personally, if it can't live outside the womb, I don't think it's got any rights and as such couldn't care less whether it was aborted.  -Wez oh, personal opinion...well thats fine...but why should you be able to make that choice for someone else...which is odd because you don't believe that someone is a person...talk about going in circles :p
We are human at conception. The sperm and ovary cells are human before they even connect. A fingernail clipping is human.  What you mean is; when do we become a person.
Organs, a nervious system, a brain, all these are the things that make us human. Those things are not developed until 7-10 weeks after conception though (depending on your source). Many like to show proof that they start to develope earlier but again, unless something is completed and is operating then it cannot be regarded as developed.   Based on that information I would have to say that abortion should be legal until 7-10 weeks after conception. Once that time period has passed and the fetus has a functional nervious system and brain then abortion should only be reserved for the rare cases that the mothers life is in danger.   I am curious about your position. Why have you chosen the nervous system and brain and organs as the cutoff points for the humanmeter? Have you done so arbitrarily?  Does this mean that if these are not as you said "completed and operating (developed)" then we are not human? If this were true there would be alot of handicapped people who are not human. Christopher Reeve and all the other quadrapalegic and parapalegics like him would be in trouble. What IQ determines a fully developed brain?
You are right. I correct myself, person. Thanks for pointing that out.  Then, in my post wherever i said "human" insert "person".
At what point are we called human?   Life begins at conception............
While I agree that the brain continues to develope even until adulthood there is a point where the physical structure of the brain is complete. While there are arguements that it isn't done until the third trimester we must be safe on this. Afterall we don't want to be wrong. I choose the 7-10th week because even pro-life groups say it isn't developed until then.  What about those whose brains never fully develop?
Do you mean people who have a mental illness? They still have an operational brain....  They also still have a fully developed nervious sytem and fully functioning organs. I'm not sure how that compares to a one celled organism.  I mean those who never developed a fully functioning nervous system and full functioning organs in the womb.
If your brain isn't functioning then you are dead. If your nervious system doesn't work at all then you are dead. If you have no organs that are developed then you are dead.  Not sure what your point is.....  I said fully developed. You have set the full development of the nervous system and organs as the determining point of humanhood. I am wondering about those individuals who never fully developed these things in the womb (for whatever reason), as well as those who have degenerative conditions of these systems. Are they not fully human?
I'm not sure how an example showing a person with a disability is on par with a one celled organism or a mass of stem cells that have not formed yet. Well, when comparing a young blastocyst and a 40 year old no legs with someone who is abitrarily deemed as being the perfect specimen of humanity, two main differences are with regard to size and development. If I discriminate against someone (the 40 yr disabled or the blastocyst) upon the basis of size and development I would be called a bigot.
Life begins at conception............  Actually, both sperm and ovary cells are alive before conception.
Ever cell division creates a new life as every cell lives its own life: it is "born"; it lives; it dies. Life is a constant process. Talking of the beginning of a new life is a completely arbitary concept.  Hmm, a "pot, kettle, black" moment from Steeeeeeeeeve. Careful, or some sad-arsed person will report you for name calling emoticon_rolleyes  Well, if calling someone tired is name calling then I am sorry.  Cell division creates a new cell not a new human life....seriously, why are we even arguing about this? Beginning of a new life is not arbitary as it would be only as arbitary as "birth" if not less.
Because you, like many anti-abortionists, cling to the ridiculous dogma that "life begins at coneption". A new cell is a new life. A dead cell is the end of that life.  Of course "a new human life" is not the same as a new life or the claim that life begins at conception. A new human life begins at conception, or when the heart beats, or when there is brain funtion or when it is born etc: it refers to a specific form of life, but it still doesn't clearly define when it starts.  you are playing word games and it is getting old. Define: Life--< "A living being, especially a person" from the dictionary.  A human life begins a conception because it is a unique set of DNA for one (this is for the science buffs). If you were to say it is something else then what in science is it classified as? Oh yeah, a human life.
Highly selectively quoting from a dictionary to bolster failing position: you lose. You are the weakest link. Goodbye. Does it matter? If it is defined that way then that is what it means...good grief...and that show is really old.  Each egg and sperm has a unique set of DNA too, thus "unique set of DNA" is not a good measure of when life begins if one wants to argue it is at conception. You lose. You are the weakest link. Goodbye. Actually it doesn't. the sperm has the same DNA as the male....which I am pretty sure is the reason why you can trace back sperm to the male during a rape case. Chloe can help us out on this one though as he is more of the doctor then I am.   Maybe this will help though http://www.sirinet.net/~jgjohnso/reprod.html  You lose. You are the weakest link. Goodbye Ok chief. emoticon_rolleyes
The sperm has half the DNA of the male with a ton of weirdness added - the chromosomes the sperm has will be quite different to the ones the rest of the body has, likewise with the eggs.  The information in the sperm will be contained within the male's genome, but it will be organised differently.  It needs more than just a new set of DNA to make a person, unless you want to start including cancer cells. There are no nice clear cut definitions about life, human or personhood in science, they are all kind of vague around the edges either not including or including other things that you wouldn't really associate with the original thing.  yheah true...it has half the DNA but that half still matches to that man....so not really unique other then it is a unique cell.   Never the less...many scientists will say human life begins at conception...Geese, unless anyone here is an expert I will take what I have reat.
I'd disagree, the weight of scientific opinion would say life begins at implantation- without implantation a fertilised egg will will perish 100% of the time.  Well they don't....once again, we have been through this on this forum.
I'd disagree with that too. The "weight of scientific opinion" won't offer a fixed point at which life begins. To offer a quote from "Health and Development: Conception to Birth" ISBN 0 7492 81529:  "There is a common belief that life begins at the moment of conception, i.e. when the sperm fuses with an egg. This is a step forward from past years, when life was alleged to start at the time of 'quickening', i.e. when a woman could feel her fetus moving inside her. However both these opinions suffer from an underlying falsehood: that life 'begins' at all. Life is a continuum; gametes are produced by living parents, and fuse to produce new living individuals, but unfused gamets are nonetheless alive and capable of metabolic activities" This is known as the metabolic view.   http://zygote.swarthmore.edu/intro5.html  This is good though..leads me to my point...if we can't decide, then shouldn't we find out? Obviously when life begins matters, so it would be a good idea to find out when life begins.
There are varying opinions because there is no single point at which is does begin. We can each decide on some arbitary point; we just cannot agree on just one arbitary point. There is nothing to find out. You can no more "find out" when a continuum like life starts than you can "find out" at what speed an accelerating car is suddenly "going fast". I will take it you didn't click the link. It is NOT the science view no matter how many times you claim it.  Why does it matter? It no more matters than knowing exactly at what wavelength orange light becomes red. It is completely subjective and nothing would be achieved by a concensus even if it could be reached. Oh I disagree, if you say human life begins at conception then you have much more of a case to claim abortion is murder. This was what they were trying to do in Roe vs Wade but they did a poor job of it.
I did click on the link. It was an interesting list of philosophical positions. The fact that there are so many philosophical positions doesn't change the fact that the scientific position is that life is a continuum. lol, just because you say that doesn't make it true.  http://www.devbio.com/article.php?id=162  Another website that proves you wrong.
You didn't actually read it, did you? It completely supports my position. The article clearly discusses the scientific position (which it too terms the "Metabolic View") before discussing philosophical positions (all the other views).  Wow, no, it says they are all science views...stop distorting the article.
whatever ones view of abortion, making it illegal is not going to stop it. If you make abortion illegal, it will just drive it underground with all its nasty consequences.   Abortion existed long before it was made legal. Leave aside the moral,religious,ethical reasons for opposing abortion and look at it from the practical point of view - what do you hope to gain by making it illegal ? It sure is not going to stop it. So why not make it safe and legal and leave it to each person's belief to decide. We have two choice (1) legal and Safe (2) illegal and unsafe. Which option would you prefer ?  How many times has this been posted?? 50-60? Option 2, illegal and unsafe...why? The same reason you don't make stealing legal...Making it illegal doesn't stop people from stealing and it puts people in danger when they get robbed....This arguement has always failed.
Actually Steeeeve, the arguement has generally succeeded in Western Democracy- abortion was re-legalised to allow access to abortion services that were both professional and regulated, with the attendant benefits this brings to women who choose to have one. Successful in Western Democracy? Are you serious? Shall we examine how abortion came to be legal in the United States?  In the US, abortion came to be legal by judicial fiat, not democratic rule. Seven members of the Supreme Court decided that abortion should be permissable, not the U.S. Congress. 7 people deciding that abortion should be legal in a nation that had a population of over 200,000,000 hardly sounds like democratic rule.  As we all know, the US Supreme Court's failure to answer the personhood question allowed them to concoct a right to privacy where the decision to have an abortion had to remain one between a woman and her doctor. Justice Blackmun, writing the opinion in wade, said in Section 9A that "[t]he appellee and certain amici argue that the fetus is a "person" within the language and meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment. In support of this, they outline at length and in detail the well- known facts of fetal development. If this suggestion of personhood is established, the appellant's case, of course, collapses, [p157] for the fetus' right to life would then be guaranteed specifically by the Amendment." Democratic rule? Seven men determined that the fetus was not a person. Democratic rule? More like tyrannical despotism.
Exactly what I would have said...just much better written.
I have read a wide range of scientific positions on when life begins, and these positions depend on what aspect of life one privileges in such discussions. Here is my classification scheme concerning when human life begins. You may have others  That is from the article... They are all scientific views...is philosophy not a science? I thought it was but could be wrong...I know psychology(unrelated) is a science.
yet another interesting article...  http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft0305/articles/condic.html  We could go on like this for days...but in the end all one can say is that science has no real conclusion. For this very reason we should probably say a human begins at the earliest possible point. If this is done then abortion would surely have to made illegal in the US.
Philosophy is not a science. But science is a type of philosophy: one based on the assumption of empiricism, cause and effect and so on. In a sense, science is far less precise than philosophy, as it makes a host of assumptions. However, many philosophers do present things in a somewhat subjective way.  Yeah, I guess you are right about that..(science being a type of philosophy)...it makes sense.
Incorrect: science offers a conclusion, that life is a continuum. This isn't much use for the "when does life start" debate though, so you ignore it.   Science doesn't offer a conclusion though!! How many articles do I have to post in order for you to believe this?  What about the testimony of the doctors that went to Congress???  Dr. Hymie Gordon (Mayo Clinic): "By all criteria of modern molecular biology, life is present from the moment of conception."   Dr. Micheline Matthews-Roth (Harvard University Medical School): "It is scientifically correct to say that an individual human life begins at conception"   Dr. Alfred Bongioanni (University of Pennsylvania): "I have learned from my earliest medical education that human life begins at the time of conception."   and look...another opinion of a doctor  http://www.lifeissues.net/writers/kisc/kisc_04whenlifebegins2.html  I mean, we seriously could ask every doctor and never get a good answer.
I'd hope not. None of those doctors offered a scientific answer by today's standard, but hopefully some are capable of it. If you want a scientific answer then perhaps one should ask a scientist and not a doctor?  Are doctors not included in science either? I don't know if I can go with that one.
Science doesn't offer a conclusion though!! How many articles do I have to post in order for you to believe this?  What about the testimony of the doctors that went to Congress???  Dr. Hymie Gordon (Mayo Clinic): "By all criteria of modern molecular biology, life is present from the moment of conception."   Dr. Micheline Matthews-Roth (Harvard University Medical School): "It is scientifically correct to say that an individual human life begins at conception"   Dr. Alfred Bongioanni (University of Pennsylvania): "I have learned from my earliest medical education that human life begins at the time of conception."   and look...another opinion of a doctor  http://www.lifeissues.net/writers/kisc/kisc_04whenlifebegins2.html  I mean, we seriously could ask every doctor and never get a good answer.  Ok, it would be safe to say some of these used a scientific method or have had someone use it.
As zachvac says, if they are just expressing opinion, eg "I have learned from my earliest medical education that human life begins at the time of conception." then tere is no science to it. If they have used the scientific method though (such as experiments that reveal "conception" isn't an instant event) to come up with their conclusion, then it is science. You really have the worst definition of science I have ever heard. One does not need to be doing the "scientific method" in order to have findings or be a part of science. A pscyhologist is without a doubt part of science...sometimes they do use a "scientific method" and sometimes they don't. However, it is still a science either way....just like a doctor
  Personally I don't see why abortions are necessary late into the pregnancy. In the first one or two weeks you would think the mother and father could decide whether to keep the baby or not. Right now I think you get 2 trimesters. I agree we should err on the side of life but we have to think of the mother too. I think abortions should be allowed, but they should be as early as possible.  Why do you care after the 2nd trimster? Talk about arbitary points....conception makes a lot more sense then that. Moreover, what is the difference in someone 6months in the womb and 6months 1 day in the womb that makes you believe it is worth living? (keep in mind the trimester thing was created by the judges in roe vs wade).
That is something similar to the view of French law that allows elective abortion to be carried out up to 12 weeks into a pregnancy term.  I disagree with that position but concur with the view of UK law that recognises that the foetus becomes viable (ie. it would have a good chance of surviving birth) at 24 weeks- at this point and later elective abortion is illegal- although the option of abortion remains for instances where the mothers life is endangered or if the baby has developed various genetic disorders.  I'm not familiar with UK abortion laws. What criteria has to be met in order to abort a <24 week old fetus? Is there a top 10 list of allowed genetic disorders? How severe does the potential disorder have to be?
I also have the most accurate. Whether you therefore like it is irrelevant.  Incorrect. Without the use of the scientific method, it ain't science. Full stop; end of discussion.  I gave you an example...pscyhology is science..and they don't always use the scientific method. Science means so many things..I don't know where you are getting this stuff from.
The 1967 act "...allows termination of a pregnancy at any time if there is a significant risk of the baby being born seriously disabled."  It doesn't specify what "seriously disabled" is: it's it left to the discretion of the doctor.  I see. Sounds too nebulous to stand up to scrutiny in the US. I'm guessing that the SCOTUS would strike down such as law as being too vague.
At this point in this countries life I would love to see all abortion made illegal. Why you ask?  To let it mess us up. That's right I want the conservatives to go hog wild. All you moderates and liberals out there just stand back and let them rip apart this country.  When their kid comes home in 10th grade with a positive preg test they might go OMG you can't raise a kid...... your just a kid! Suddenly these adoption agencies that you scream about so much will be overflowing with millions of unwanted babies. On top of that hundreds of thousands of women will be perminently scared for life from untrained quacks performing their abortions. The crime rate would skyrocket from children with no proper upbringing. Raised by the media and completely ignored.  Ever consider the fact that if abortion is made illegal, there might not be the same desire to have them performed? You assume a zero-sum game. That certainly isn't the case. Maybe responsibility will creep back into the equation.  The rich won't worry about anything because they will simply fly to another country to have their abortions. They always can get around things. Why would "the rich" need to have an abortion? They can afford nannies, so your argument is weak prima facie.  Then once the conservatives sit back and see what they have done with a smile, their smile will slowly turn to confusion. "Weren't we right to make everything illegal???? Well at least we have a million kids that that wouldn't have come into existance. Now lets get rid of condoms because those have prevented millions of other kids from coming into existance." Just wait the conservatives are already attacking condoms.... That isn't the furture, that is now.  Oh the future is bright with teens not using condoms because "they don't work." Then since they WILL get preg they have to have a child. Imagine the number of unwanted children...... imagine the destruction of the family unit. So having kids and personal responsibility will lead to the destruction of the family unit? Quite the contrary. Back in the 50's and 60's, when teenage girls became pregnant, they got married and became YOUR parents and grandparents because abortions were illegal. Fathers "did the right thing" because they didn't have an easy way out and the liberal culture of illegitimacy hadn't caught hold yet.   Family values guys? Your lucky you have moderates and libs to keep you in check, you are your own worst enemy. I'll take that chance. When do you want to start? :)
"Maybe responsibility will creep back into the equation."  It is responsibe to use a condom. Regardless, when two people get wrapped up in a mood and are going to have sex, rarey is the posibility of an abortion thought of. Thanks to you conservatives the chance of them using a condom would get lower anyway because "condoms don't work" right? So it would be unprotected sex..... lovely.  "They can afford nannies, so your argument is weak prima facie."  Nice way of puting it but it doesn't hide the fact your not all that quick. The rich do whatever the rich want to do. If your 14 year old daughter is pregnant, even if your rich, you fly her to a place where she can have an abortion. The rich would get what they want, regardles of the law. You disagree with that?  "Fathers "did the right thing" because they didn't have an easy way out and the liberal culture of illegitimacy hadn't caught hold yet."  Here is where conservatives really show how stupid they are. They actually think the world is the same as it was in the 50's. College is almost required now to get a decent job. If you have a baby on the way while you are at college there is no way that a guy can support a mother, and a child while you attend full time at a college. In the 50's all a man needed to do was pick up a job and he could live reasonably well with his new family. In todays workforce you must have some education if you ever plan to live comfortably with a family. A child at an early age destroyes your chances of education. Sure you can survive on 2 fulltime jobs and never being a father but rather a pay check that only allows your wife and kid to live in a modest apartment or low income home. Is that the family values you are defending. A poor, overworked family? Of course there is the other option I told you about which is adoption which will be overflowing with babies of women that just cannot make it in the world with a baby and no dad. Or the girl is to young to raise the child.  Again, this is not the 50's. If you think we still live then and the present economy still is set up exactly as it was in our grandparents time then go ahead.... think that. You further show how narrowminded a conservative is.  As a Noob, maybe you should go back and read the forum's rules. But, since you want to make an XXX of yourself, I'll play along.  First, you ASSumed a lot when you thought that I'd be against condom usage. You were wrong, so right off the bat you made a grievous error.  Second, how many rich 14 year olds do you know? And how many of them have had abortions? I thought so. Another bogus argument on your part based on class envy. How original. yawn. And if you want to argue who's "quicker", bring it on, nOOb.  Third, as I stated before, you're assuming that making abortions illegal will have no effect on the rate of pregnancy amongst teens. Sorry, I don't buy it. This isn't a zero sum game. There will be a cause/effect relationship.  As for the need to get a college education, don't you think that would be a motivating force amongst teens to NOT get pregnant?  And this "over-abundance of unwanted babies", again, that's speculation on your part. What facts do you have to back up your claim?  Without abortion as an "easy fix" for irresponsible behavior, people will be forced to act more responsibly. You want to remove further responsibility from the equation and support irresponsible behavior. Yours is the losing proposition, not mine. emoticon_rolleyes
Phychology is a science in some regards, as the scientific method can be used in some experiments to test hypotheses. However it, like other aspects of medicine is constrained by ethical issues surrounding experimenting on people (especially children). Therefore much of it is based upon medical empiricism, not science.  once again, you don't need the scientific method to be considered a science. If you don't believe this, then so be it...but first thing you learn about psychology is it is the science of behavior (among others). Science doesn't mean scientific method...all the scientific method is, is a way to conduct an experiment. I know a psychologist (which is a science) that comes out with results of things all the time...He doesn't use the "scientific method" yet it is still science. So no matter how much we go threw this in the end science has no real answer on when life begins.
Just to add to the science thing...  You have,  Social Sciences Life Sciences health Sciences Natural Sciences...etc  Even economics is a science. Can an economist tell me when life begins? I don't think so.
It depends how loose you want to be with the word. If you consider the humanities such as sociology and economics as sciences, then the word becomes next to meaningless. It is much like calling a "garbage collector" (as I think you call them in the US) a "refuse collection engineer", as this renders the word "engineer" meaningless. If it doesn't employ the scientific method, then it is at best "theoretical science" and at worst it is pure psuedoscience.  And so we go around full circle: of course science has no real answer on when life begins as science regards life as a continuum emoticon_rolleyes  Sigh, this conservation is obviously worthless. Eventhough I have shown how science views differ you refuse to look at them. Science is a loose word. Why do think there are so many opinions? Really now, who do you think these people are? You think there is a company called "We Do Science" and all they do is scientific method on things? No. Lots of research is done at universities and companies that do other things. Here at my work (which is a university) we have a College of Science and a College of liberal arts and human sciences.  Some Departments: Biology  Biology-- Fralin Biotechnology Center  Biology-- Microbiology  Chemistry  Economics  Geosciences  Mathematics  Physics  Psychology  Statistics  Large Animal Clinical Sciences Biomedical Sciences and Pathobiology  Then we have the The College of Agriculture and Life Sciences Agricultural Technology Agricultural and Applied Economics Agricultural and Extension Education Animal and Poultry Sciences Biochemistry Biological Systems Engineering Crop and Soil Environmental Sciences Dairy Science Entomology Environmental Science Food Science and Technology Horticulture Human Nutrition, Food, and Exercise Plant Pathology, Physiology and Weed Science  And look at all the jobs you can have in Science  http://www.sciencejobs.com/search.action?reset=true    I mean come on now...I don't make this stuff up Political Science
I am fully aware of that. The meaning of the word "science" has been steadily eroded over the years: you are not the first to use it in a meaningless way. I prefer to stick to using the word in a way that gives it meaning, not the ridiculous modern trend of calling vacuum cleaning and cooking "domestic science" etc. If you choose to see ironing shirts as a real science, then you are a fool and this conversation indeed no longer has any worth.  I'm not sure what to tell ya...it is what it is.  Science has no answer for beginning of life or if life is a contiunum. Depends on who you talk to like I said to start out with.
It is the perfect question to ask as the taking of a human life is (for most of us) considered a bad thing. Even in the Roe vs Wade case the court states this.
ok, then play it safe..if you don't know then go with the earilest possible moment (ie conception) so you don't end up taking a human life...from that point you could then figure it out and not have to worry about whether or not you are taking a human life.
those things are not human lives now are they?
"you ASSumed a lot when you thought that I'd be against condom usage. You were wrong, so right off the bat you made a grievous error."  lol, I grievous error huh?? Here are my exact words  "Thanks to you conservatives the chance of them using a condom would get lower anyway because "condoms don't work" right?"  Notice how I said "you conservatives" and not just "you." By saying "you conservatives" I am in fact right because many conservative groups are against condom use and are pushing it in schools right now. Hell I saw a flyier in my high school a few years ago that said "condoms kill." You are in fact a conservative and wether or not you personally are against it was not what I was saying. I was saying that conservatives lean that way in general.  Oh I see. You like to couch your words with disclaimers. First it's "you conservatives" now it's "many conservatives" are against condom use then it's "conservatives lean that way in general".   "And how many of them have had abortions? I thought so. Another bogus argument on your part based on class envy. How original. yawn."  So you are telling me that rich people would never want abortions? Then you are telling me rich people don't get what they want? JP you truely are a conservative, you favor the rich. You are completely blind to the real world. I may not know a preg 14 year old rich girl but I can promise you that there are many rich teens that get pregnant every year that have an abortion, if it is illegal here then they just hop on a plane and get one in another country. Appearantly you dispute that.... I'm the nOOb (heh)? So now I'm a conservative because I favor the rich? emoticon_confused  Is Ted Kennedy a conservative, or John Kerry? Both of them are rich so they must be according to your logic. I don't favor anyone. I also don't envy anyone. Your broad brush stereotypical statements make damn poor debating positions, even for a nOOb. emoticon_rolleyes   "And this "over-abundance of unwanted babies", again, that's speculation on your part. What facts do you have to back up your claim?"  Let me ask you a very simple question since complex ones might allow you to keep dreaming. What happens to the fetuses that would be aborted but no longer can? They become babies right? OK, now they are still unwanted... what happens to them then? They are put up for adoption as most conservatives always scream you should do instead of abort. So what happens then? mass amounts of unwanted children. Again, you only consider the status quo. When the stakes are increased and the risk higher, the logical conclusion would be that behavior would have to change.   Oh I forgot, they go poof and don't exist because people suddenly stop having sex. That fullfills another conservative dream. There is to much sex in the world!!!! Kill it, get rid of it. Sex is simply to produce babies. Enjoying sex, you don't so no one should! STOP HAVING SEX EVERYONE. Love your gf but aren't ready for a family? Don't chance it with a condom!! Just don't have sex!  What a concept, responsible abstinance instead of coercing your gf into having sex when neither of you are mature enough to deal with the possible consequences. That's your problem. Morality has no place in your thinking.   Sounds like a good idea huh.... lol. I just remembered something, you guys would also turn America into the land of the boring and sexually frustrated. heh.  Junior, I've been laid more by accident than you've been on purpose. :)   Now, if you want to quit trading barbs and debate on substance, let me know. Otherwise, I'll move on.
Why is a set of DNA from other members of your species who you do not know and is not wanted more important than someone from another region where the majority disagrees with you?  I don't understand this one..region and majority? what are you referring to.   Why is it that the DNA of an zygote makes it more important that a fully developed dog that can feel pain and experience things? I don't recall saying anything about DNA in the last 4-5 posts however, A human life is more important to me then a dog...yes. It is to you too. So why don't you tell me why?
That is precisely the position of Peter Singer and I agree. But I go one step further I don't think human lives are more important than animal lives such as dogs per se. I am very attached to my dog for instance and I consider his life more important and valuable to me than the life of somebody I don't know of. The value of a life is realative.  So you would take a human life in order to protect your dog? emoticon_wow
if somebody attacked my dog I certainly would defend my dog. is that your question?  So, you're saying that you would take a human life to protect your dog?! emoticon_wow
If you are asking someone like Steve for an answer whilst he was indulging in the "science" of washing the dishes, then yes the answer is meaningless. From the perspective of real science though, there is a clear answer: there is no single point at which human life starts. Therefore as you say, this proper answer simply points to the question being meaningless instead.  Real science being what you want science to be, right? Psychology is a real science...biology is a real science....geology is a real science....even medicine is a real science. You can define science however you want but atleast state that in your posts so the people can decide whether your definition is fair or not.
I have done: real science is that which uses the scientific method. Anything else (including mopping the floor) is not real science: it's either incorrectly labeled as science or is pseudoscience depending upon the circumstance. http://www.cogsci.princeton.edu/cgi-bin/webwn2.1?s=science  pscyhology uses the scientific method...people doing earth science use the scientific method, In fact, out of all the departments I listed ALL of them do organized research using a scientific method written by the federal government. All the scientific method IS is A way to learn(research, find out) something, it varies. So a medical doctor can easily be seen as "in science" as they do a varation of the scientific method all the time. At the above link says...It is a particular branch of scientific knowledge.
Yes Steve, we have addressed this. Pschology does use the scientific method at times and uses medical empiricism at other times due to ethical considerations surrounding experimenting upon people.  All the Statue of Liberity is is a big statue. All the stars and stripes is is a national identifier. All the 4th of July is is a public holiday. All the Super Bowl is is an American football game. Do you get it yet? Science is THE way to research and advance human knowledge. All other methods are second best.  As a scientist myself, I don't totally agree. Science is great at identifying cause/effect and measuring quantifiable parameters, but it doesn't necessarily make it the ideal tool for subjective observations and analyses. There are parameters that are unquantifiable and totally subjective. In those instances, empirical techniques may be all that you have.
Since JP is a scientist, would you like to tell us if the "science" community has a common belief on when human life begins?
I'm not sure what it is about my post that you disagree with as I completely agree with what you say here.  Just elaborating on why the "scientific method" can't always be used as a reply to" Science is THE way to research and advance human knowledge. All other methods are second best."  No biggie.
Just elaborating on why the "scientific method" can't always be used as a reply to" Science is THE way to research and advance human knowledge. All other methods are second best."  No biggie. So we still can conclude that science doesn't really have an answer to our question then.
Just because Sartre CLAIMS to be a scientist doesn't mean that he is.  Shoot, I can claim to be a nuclear engineer on the same basis.  I'd like to know where Sartre was educated, what his degree was in, what kind of grades he made, the professors he studied under, whether or not he's written any scientific papers that have been critiqued by the scientific community, plus a number of other items to shore up his claim to be a "scientist."  Of course, Sartre is not going to share this information with us.  Rutgers Univ Class of 1978; Degree in Chemistry. B average. I've written several technical papers published by the Society of Automotive Engineers, primarily, and have presented papers at a variety of technical society meetings. I'm in the process of peer reviewing a section of the American Society of Materials latest book on corrosion protection. This is my second such endeavor. I'm not going to list my publications because I still prefer some level of anonimity. I'm trained in ISO, QS9000, TS16949, Six Sigma and have taken training courses in areas such as multi-variate statistics and use multi-variable regression techniques almost daily.  Products developed by me and my direct reports ( 5 degreed chemists) are on over 1/2 of all cars produced in North America and many more around the world. I'm recognized as a corrosion expert by GM, Ford, DCX, Nissan and other automakers and am called upon to help them solve corrosion issues.   Now, let's hear yours.
So we still can conclude that science doesn't really have an answer to our question then. There is NO scientific, definitive answer to when exactly life begins. Because of that, I believe that we should take the most conservative stance that human life begins at conception.
Rutgers Univ Class of 1978; Degree in Chemistry. B average. I've written several technical papers published by the Society of Automotive Engineers, primarily, and have presented papers at a variety of technical society meetings. I'm in the process of peer reviewing a section of the American Society of Materials latest book on corrosion protection. This is my second such endeavor. I'm not going to list my publications because I still prefer some level of anonimity. I'm trained in ISO, QS9000, TS16949, Six Sigma and have taken training courses in areas such as multi-variate statistics and use multi-variable regression techniques almost daily.  Products developed by me and my direct reports ( 5 degreed chemists) are on over 1/2 of all cars produced in North America and many more around the world. I'm recognized as a corrosion expert by GM, Ford, DCX, Nissan and other automakers and am called upon to help them solve corrosion issues.   Now, let's hear yours.  haha, I woulda said "none of your business" buy nice. And what does the science community think of when life begins? Because there are only like 10 scientists in the world I figure you would know emoticon_rolleyes
haha, I woulda said "none of your business" buy nice. I don't post BS. I can back up what I say with facts. I'm guessing that Simone will now be squirming in her seat after having been proven wrong. :)   And what does the science community think of when life begins? Because there are only like 10 scientists in the world I figure you would know emoticon_rolleyes  I believe that I answered that question in my last post. The scientific community doesn't know, so I believe we should act conservatively.
I don't post BS. I can back up what I say with facts. I'm guessing that Simone will now be squirming in her seat after having been proven wrong. :)    I believe that I answered that question in my last post. The scientific community doesn't know, so I believe we should act conservatively. Yeah, I actually posted just after you so I didn't see it in time.   Simone will deny that you are a scientist as Chemistry is not a science..after all it is not in any science departments at high schools or colleges. In fact, chemistry is more of a liberal art..it is best compared to theatre. emoticon_xclown
Hmm, clearly no one ever taught you that kicking someone whilst down is one of the greatest acts of cowardism emoticon_rolleyes  I guess that Simone must have choked on the crow she had to eat. She has certainly been noticably quiet in this thread since I called her bluff. :)
Sorry for the delay with my response, I've been on holiday and all that jazz.  To business:  Well, I would agree that the mechanism by which abortion access was reached in the US is (on the face of it) undemocratic..... then again how many other binding laws are made through such process in your nation? Many I would imagine- this seems to be the nature of your system Also remember that popular opinion is not the only issue that matters when making law (thank goodness!).  Now you understand the need for a SCOTUS Justice that has actually read the Constitution. In the Roe v Wade dissenting opinion, the SCOTUS was scolded for using its "raw judicial power".
I was reading through your posts Steeeeve and noticed this:  Which you offered to refute Clive14's previous statement on viewpoints on when life begins. He correctly stated that:    So you will notice that Dr. Hymie Gordon was (semantics aside) in agreement with Clive14's statement- her choice of words (ie. life is present as opposed to life begins) in this instance is subtle when set against the quotes of the other two Doctors whose language lacks true objectivity.  ahhh no. Gordon said life is present at the moment of conception. I didn't see something that said life is present prior to the moment of conception. So how does that varify his incorrect claim?
Hmm, clearly no one ever taught you that kicking someone whilst down is one of the greatest acts of cowardism emoticon_rolleyes  My apologies then.
[QUOTE=simone]Um, this is what I'm supposed to be eating crow about?  Let me refresh your selective memory. emoticon_rolleyes   Just because Sartre CLAIMS to be a scientist doesn't mean that he is. Chew  Shoot, I can claim to be a nuclear engineer on the same basis. Which would be a lie in your case. I did consider going into nuclear physics instead of chemistry, but there weren't many jobs available at the time. :)   I'd like to know where Sartre was educated, what his degree was in, what kind of grades he made, the professors he studied under, whether or not he's written any scientific papers that have been critiqued by the scientific community, plus a number of other items to shore up his claim to be a "scientist."  Of course, Sartre is not going to share this information with us. Keep chewing. :)   First of all, I'm not really claiming to be a nuclear scientist. My education is in the liberal arts area, I have had a goodly amount of exposure to mathematics, taken a chemistry course, have never formally studied physics and, most important of all, I have an inquiring mind.  By contrast, I've had 4 semesters of Calculus, 1 semester of Differential Equations, 2 semesters of statistics, 1 semester of formal logic, way too many Chemistry courses, including analytical, organic, advanced organic, physical, biochemistry, environmental, etc. Several physics courses, technical writing and a host of LA stuff like Shakespeare, Eastern European Cinema, ethics, yadda, yadda, yadda.  I try to stay abreast of current developments in science and medicine, have a profound understanding of the difference between applied mathematics and beautiful mathematics, although it is extremely ironic that my ex-husband, who steadfastly worked at studying beautiful mathematics, has a theorem named after him that has had hundreds of practical, applied scientific useages, my daughter did a search of this theorem and found uncountable references to it in the scientific field, which just goes to show that people who keep their noses to the grindstone in the applied scientific fields miss an awful lot of really important developments in the real world of application.  You don't become a mathematician by marrying one. Sorry. emoticon_rolleyes   You appear to have a nice resume and seem to know a lot about corrosives which, to be sure, is a quite useful tool. Also, your background in statistics is not to be sneered at, but I wonder about whether or not your stats background was very narrowly focused to certain circumstances, or whether it may be generally applied.  As stated above, my knowledge of statistics began with 2 semesters of college stats. Only after college have I more narrowly used statistics. But with today's software, which certainly wasn't available in the late 70's, the amount and depth of statistical analyses that I do now dwarfs what I could do back then. Now, I use design of experiment software to help design projects and sophisticated multivariate statistical packages to evaluate the designs performances and plot out response surfaces.  The one area of statistics that I'd like to gain more knowledge about is meta-analysis. This technique allows one to link a variety of studies' findings together in order to gain valuble insight into a process or phenomenon. Here's a brief description: http://www.edres.org/meta/chap9/chap9.htm
Hello people, this is my first post on this forum and to be honest, I just googled "politics" and clicked on the first link that seemed interresting and I registered, just because I was looking for something to debate about. The reason that the first post I make is in this thread is because I think that abortion is a really important thing to be discussed. (because I think it is fundamentally wrong, but I'll explain that in another thread and stay on topic in this thread ;) )  The question that was asked first, namely "at what point are we called human" or "when does our life begin" is a real tricky one and there are no certain answers for this question, but I believe that one must first explain what is meant by "life" before you can answer the question whether life begins at the fertilisation of the egg, the blastula formation or any other moment in the pregnacy. (I'm pretty sure noone thinks that life begins when you're 10 years old or so ;) )  One needs to define life first before one can say when it begins. I didn't think of this myself, to be honest, but the coincidence is that this year a had a course (I'm a student) zoology and our professor, Arnold De Loof) had us read this book (called: Communication, Life, Mega-Evolution) that he wrote and that tries to define life and that tries to explain the necessity to define life to be able to form an ethical view on stuff like abortion, euthanasia, ... The reason that I want to share this with you guys is that I could actually find myself in the reasonning he made to define the point a which life begins.  I won't be able to give a total summary of the book, but a rough summary is that he says that life is the total sum of communication activity by the organism. That means that there is a quantatative dimension to "life" (the sum of all communications) and a qualitative dimension (the fact that something communicates) that defines life. On the cellular level that would be the fact that there is communication with the environment by the means of ion-transporting channels and enzymes.  He also states that there are 16 hierarchical levels of compartimentalisation (a compartment being a biological compartment able to communicate with it's environment), e.g. the prokaryotic compartment (a prokaryotic cell that has a membrane that is partially permeable to certain ions) , the aggregate compartment (cells that form aggregates and thus are able to communicate in an intenser way than cells that are not in an aggregate), the syncytium compartment (cells that form a syncytium and are thus able to communicate in an intenser way than cells that don't form a syncytium with other cells), the social compartment (animals like bees and ants that communicate better with eachother than animals that don't have a strict social structure), ... (I understand that this is quite difficult for someone that didn't take a biology course or so, but it's my best shot. If you want it explained good, read the book ;) )  I'll explain his reasonning for the beginning of the "humanness" more thoroughly. He first tries to explain when the "life" of the embryo begins. He says that life begins in a fraction of a second, when the sperm cell touches the plasma membrane of the egg cell. This is because exactly at that moment, the Ca 2+ concentration dramatically increases (called a calcium explosion) and the cell for the first time communicates on a high level with it's environment and because a novel type of compartment is born, the diploïd eucaryotic cell.  Then he explains why single somatic cells (body cells, like skin cells etc.) are not full human beings. Why? Because they don't have the ability to do all the following things: form an aggregate, form a syncytium (the gap junction etc. are also included, for simplicity), form a monoepithelium, form a polyepithelium and form a segmented body. Some somatic cells can do some of those 5 things, but only an embryo can do all 5 things. That's why somatic cells are never full human beings and and embryo is.  So, to conclude his reasonning he says that the human being comes into existence from the very moment of the fusion of the sperm cell with the egg, at the moment of the calcium explosion, because all genes that make up a human being are present in the cell and because the resulting cell has the ability to grow up to become a full grown human being. (or as he calls it: reach the higher levels of compartimentalisation)  I hope I have been able to give an explanation about when life begins. It should be noted that this is just the result of a reasonning by my professor and that it is in no way proven right and should not be seen as a scientific proven fact, but I think the explanation is quite detailed and I believe that it is a good answer to the question when life begins.  PS. Sorry for my bad English, it's my third language. ;)
Can the embryos of other mammals that are not human do all five things?  Of course they can, but that is not relevant, since only a human embryo grows to being a human. A rat embryo grows to be a rat. Why? Cause the human embryo has the "human genes" and a rat embryo has the "rat genes". But one could of course repeat the same reasonning on when the life of a rat begins, or any other mamal.
This is an excellent example of circular reasoning:  1. Identify a set of characteristics that are unique to an embryo 2. Declare that that full set of characteristics is required to be a human being 3. Observe the "obvious", namely that as no other cell shows all these characteristics, they cannot be human 4. Form the conclusion that a human life starts with the embryo  It is meaningless and only stands if you get unanimous agreement that your arbitary characteristics are a valid indicator of a new human. You will only get that from those that already agree that life starts at conception and so you simply preach to the converted.   I have to say that I disagree with you on this one. Perhaps I explained it in a wrong way, but once again, English is my third language so I don't always find the correct words.  I indeed identified certain characteristics that differed an embryo (or more correct, a zygote = fertilised egg cell) from other somatic cells and explained why somatic cells can never grow to a full human being on their own. But that's the only thing I did in that paragraph. (it was meant to answer the obvious question "what's the difference between a skin cell and an embryo?")  I never said (or meant to say, I don't know how it sounded to a native english speaker) that the full set of things are required for a cell to be human, I said that the embryo is the only cell that has all those characteristics and thus the only cell that can grow to become a new human being.  I also never said that the other cells were not "human". I just stated that they don't have the capability to grow to a full human being and thus certainly they can't be classified as being a full "human being". Of course a human skin cell is a human cell, it contains the human genome.  The reason that life starts with an embryo was stated in the preceding paragraph, being   I'll explain his reasonning for the beginning of the "humanness" more thoroughly. He first tries to explain when the "life" of the embryo begins. He says that life begins in a fraction of a second, when the sperm cell touches the plasma membrane of the egg cell. This is because exactly at that moment, the Ca 2+ concentration dramatically increases (called a calcium explosion) and the cell for the first time communicates on a high level with it's environment and because a novel type of compartment is born, the diploïd eucaryotic cell.  And because the embryo is the only cell that can grow to become a full new human being, the life of that human being begins when the life of the embryo begins.  Edit: Typos. ;)
No, a fertilized egg is not a "human being"- although it has the potential to become one. It takes sometime until the foetus has developed enough and grown large enough to stand any chance of survival outside of the womb (this is assuming the best medical treatment is available)- the notion of viability that The Stone refered to in their last post.   The "potential" to "become" a "human being". This idea that one is a human only if they are large enough or developed enough promotes bigotry and is flat out wrong.    This is disingenuous. The moment the sperm touches the egg cell membrane, the "calcium explosion" is triggered and it prevents further sperm making contact. It does not signal the formation of a diploid cell though. That takes a further 20+ hours to occur. As I have repeatedly stated in this thread: THERE IS NO MOMENT OF CONCEPTION. It is a long process.  The moment of conception is when the genetic material of the sperm and the genetic material of the egg fuse. This is definitely a "moment" in time.
I have no idea why you consider bigotry is being promoted here- I'm looking forward to your explaination of how it has any meaning with regards to my earlier comment...........  Your principle of viablity rooted in the notion that one's humanity is slowly acquired is extremely prejudice. Why? This developmental view (existing only to justify taking a human life) deems humans to be "inferior" on the basis that they are small and not fully developed. Blacks were once deemed partially human because they were viewed by evolutionary science to be "not fully developed". The eugenics movement viewed the Jews to be inhuman, and also viewed the handicapped to be "life unworthy of life". Do you see my point?
At what point does the cluster of cells become a valuable, authentic life form? No one knows. I would say that the best possible route would be to determine life or "person" begins at the point when the fetus can survive outside the womb, with or without medical assistance. Currently this seems to be about the beginning of the third Trimester. Abortion laws should affect the third trimester as the fetus has a fair chance at survival outside of the womb. This is the point when the reproductive rights of the mother are outweighed by that of the rights of the fetus. The laws should be flexible and advance along with the advances in medical science. Maybe one day we will be able to save the fetus from conception, and outlaw all abortion, and all starve to death from food shortages.  The 3rd trimester is a meaningless time...it just means the 3rd 3 month period...it was developed by the courts!
Actually, a person is a very complex biochemical/biomechanical machine, from a certain viewpoint ;)  But you fail to read my analogy correctly: an embryo lacks everything it needs to become a person: it has the 23 pairs of chromosomes- the most fundemental components a new life requires, but alone these will fail 100% of the time to develop into a person- it takes time, environment and resources from the mother to do this. Hence the chassis of the car- it is what the vehicle is built on but it requires a factory and the other components to become whole.  I don't think your analogy works. A chassis of a car does not have everything required to be a car. An embryo, however, does. If we use the definition of a human (one belonging to the species homo sapien) then the embryo qualifies and thus is a human (or person).
If you had an embryo sitting on the table, it would not grow into a human, if the embryo is in a starving woman then it still might not grow into a human.  Of course the term species does not apply in either of the usual cases to an embryo - it can not breed with what is clearly recognised as a human nor is morphologically similar. But the term isn't a black and white thing, just a vague label to make refering to groups of things easier - there is no strict definition of species that fits what you think it should.    you say an embryo sitting on a table will not grow into a human (and I assume die)...Well, this is because it needs a certain enviroment to live much like you or I. I don't know of any reason to believe that enviroment is what defines a human.   You then talk about breeding. A 5 year old can't breed. Are they not of the human species? A vague label?? Does this mean we can randomly say what is and isn't a human and no one is wrong?
According the strict defintion of a species it has to be able to breed, no exceptions (wihtout bringing the morphological species concept into this). Its just generally assumed that immature offspring and dead ancestors also count, even though if you do this it renders the whole concept of species irrelevant No, capable of interbreeding. Otherwise a 1 day old baby wouldn't be in the human species. You are getting caught up with minut details that aren't relevant. Everyone would say a 1 day old baby is a human and part of the human species. The unborn qualifies as well.  A car needs a certain envirnoment to change from metal or raw ore, into a car. It clearly isn't a car at every step of the way. but metal and raw ore are not a car, it doesn't have any of the parts to be a car. Once again, this is a bad analogy. There is no need to define when a car is a car here.
The minute details are the defintion, in the real world outside of dictionarys, things that appear to be humans is perfectly good a way to define humans - its just that for a lot of people, they think that 'human' doesn't mean anything else (unlike person) that its just a technical term and in everyday use that embryos do not come under the definition. Strictly according to the defintion they are right for the latter point.  An embryo does not have the parts required for an adult human, it needs them from the environment, just as the car plans or chassis are also not a car.  But they do come under the definition. Why do you say they don't? What evidence do you have to say they don't? The fetus/embryo is part of the human species. You define species as a group of organisms that are capable of reproduction among themselves. This just to to define species and not the individual organism. As I said, a 1 day old baby can't reproduce, many 90yr old man can't either. Some are born without the abilty and never will reproduce. However, the general population can reproduce and thus they are all in the same species.  The embryo has all it needs to grow. Food and other enviromental stuff is not part of oneself is it? What you are saying is that you are not a human because you require food and other enviromental needs to grow.
well if we can't define human then how can we say a fetus or embryo is not one?
Exactly how can you draw a parallel between recongising that a developing embryo is not the same as an adult human and discriminating based of a proven false belief? It is worth noting that one supporting abortion based upon the personhood distnction is not simply recognizing that a developing embryo is not exactly the same as an adult human (that is in its size, stage of development, etc.), they are saying the developing embryo is not a human at all, and therefore we are justified in ending it's existence.  This is exactly the same as recognizing that a person who is black is not exactly the same as a person who is white (one is white and one is black), but then deciding that because one is black, they are not a human.
 Exactly how can you draw a parallel between recongising that a developing embryo is not the same as an adult human and discriminating based of a proven false belief?  I draw parallels because this view descriminates against the embryo (unto death) on the basis of it being smaller than others and because it lives somewhere else. This view supports killing the embryo because has not developed into an elitist arbitrarily set criteria of humanity - set in place only to justify abortions.   Another reason, since you brought up science... the dillusion that the embryo is not human is a proven false belief.  Its no different from saying since you want to consider an early embryo like a fully grown human, bacteria should have the same protections as other animals, which should really be treated like humans too - less we decide that hispanics are also subhuman. bacteria are not human. Furthermore, your example compares 2 different species.
Pretty much. There's a reason that good arguments in support of abortion don't trade on whether a fetus is a person or not, as personhood is immaterial to whether we should kill something or not. All I know is that in the US, good arguments in support of abortion DO hinge on whether the fetus is a person or not. Consider the following: A. The appellee and certain amici argue that the fetus is a "person" within the language and meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment. In support of this, they outline at length and in detail the well-known facts of fetal development. If this suggestion of personhood is established, the appellant's case, of course, collapses, for the fetus' right to life would then be guaranteed specifically by the Amendment...
I suppose I should have said "good moral arguments". Certainly in the USA it has been suggested that such an argument might be a good legal argument, but since under the 14th amendment the deprivation of life merely requires due process of law, such that a law outlining the legal limits of abortion might satisfy, I'd say that it's a bad legal argument. I'm not sure exactly what you mean here. Are you saying that to try to make the case that the fetus is a person would be a bad legal argument? Or are you saying that to try and make the case that the fetus is not a person would be a bad legal argument?
Pretty much. There's a reason that good arguments in support of abortion don't trade on whether a fetus is a person or not, as personhood is immaterial to whether we should kill something or not.  Would it be safe to say you do not know what a person(human) is?
I mean exactly that with regard to abortion legal arguments turning on the possession of personhood are bad arguments. Whether an argument is either for and against abortion it will be weak if it depends on the personhood of the fetus. I disagree. If the fetus is considered a person under the law, then it's right to life is guaranteed by the fourteenth amandment. That's what justice Blackman said in Roe v. Wade. Of course if we look to the 14th Amendment we see that it says that no one can be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. Now, you seem to believe that a simple law outlining what abortion procedures are acceptable would be considered "due process of law." But, this is not the case. Due process of law, when speaking of removing life from a person, includes a trial by jury. A person must be convicted in a court of law by a jury of his peers before he can be deprived of life. It would not be enough to simply say that a law exists outlining what circumstances would allow us to remove his life.  Ah but within the general spread of the population a person who is black is pretty much the same as someone who is white, there is a much greater range of diversity between blacks and blacks than blacks and whites. The point is that at one point in history, black people were considered non-persons because they were black. This "fact" was based upon the scientific data "proving" that a person who was black had not (actually could not) reach the point of development where they could be considered a person.  The same discriminating factors are in use here to say the embryo is not a person. This "fact" is based upon scientifc data supposedly showing that the embryo is not developed enough to be a person. Descrimination based upon stage of development is nothing shy of prejudice.  Supporters of abortion do not say that the foetus is not a human foetus, what they are saying is that at an early stage of development it may be aborted and the earliest is the less traumatic. Why can it be aborted?  For instance inducing abortion or preventing conception with chemical means using "the day after pill" is not the same as ending a 3 months pregnancy. Why not?  I do not see the parallel between abortion and racism. No pro-choice person has said in this Forum that Blacks are not human. They are similar because both arguments are based upon the same descriminating criteria: stage of development.
Steeeeve: No, it would not. Then what is a person? Are you now saying there is a set definition for what a person is?
Steeeeve, are Iraqis persons?  Are Muslims persons?  A lot of radical ringwing wingnut religionists don't seem to think so. Are they right? Can you say they are wrong? Do you know what a person is? If so, what is a person? If we can't define it then why do we feel people have the right to "their own body" when we can't even tell what a person is?
This conservsation has shown that at BEST the pro-choicers can say they do not know how to define a human or person at the beginning (and probably end). However, if it matters (which is should), wouldn't one think that it is best to be on the safe side and assume it is a human because there is some evidence to show this? Afterall, people have been wrong before (recall slavery) and is that really worth being wrong about again?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Person This is a good link by the way
Wouldn't it be best to err on the side of caution and kill nothing what so ever, as it might be what you think of as a person?  I think its sick that cephalopods are classed alongside primates such as monkeys when it comes medical research and yet people are still allowed to eat them. Most certainly they should be held above a fetus if its the mind of the organism that you thinks important. Perhaps you missed the part of the post that says "there is some evidence to show this". How much evidence do you have to show a monkey is indeed a human?   For those who think there is no debate or that a fetus is proven to be a person. Way to post only a portion of what was said. It is also a critic of all positions. Try reading the part that starts "on the other hand"...Next time, don't distort my links.
You extend the term human to include ancestors and children that have bred in the past and could do in the future - I just go back several thousand generations using the same logic and you have to include monkeys as human. 1) where is your evidence to prove this 2) How is that relevant to today? Assuming you are correct, we have evolved away and we are a different species then a monkey now and thus they wouldn't be persons, now would they?
But the scientific method of then was very different from what it is now... So the methods used now are absolutely fool-proof and infallible? Today's methods are so advanced that they cannot be improved?   do you think there is a problem with the current version and that there is a threat to people (other than the embryos) based on it? I can't really see how the view of things that do not count as people can really spread from looking at the developmental stage of a fetus. The discriminating criteria of stage of development has been used time and time again to label a human being as a non-human. The Netherlands has now carried this discrimination from the developing "non-human" in the womb, to the living infant (a definite human) outside the womb. Do I see a threat to people other than embryos because of developmental discrimination? Most certainly yes!
The dutch policy you have heard of allows for the euthanising of babies with horrific deformaties that are 100% fatal - lacking any digestive system, or functioning lungs, or in some sample cases a body that lacked a brain. Essentially where a corpse has just been maintained off the mothers body. Babies are not randomly killed for no reason whatsoever. Yet it is indisputable that it is the killing of a person. I cited an example where discrimination based upon stage of development led to the murder of a living infant (a definite and indisputable human being), and you responded with "those babies don't really matter. They essentially are not persons. It's better for them to be killed than to live." This is my point, and only proves the larger point chloe and I have been arguing: that discrimination against human beings based upon stage of development only leads to prejudice and bigotry.  There is no way this can be applied to an adult human, or even a child that has not only just been born. Yes, it can be applied anywhere there is "life not worth living." Anytime somebody decides for somebody else that there is life not worth living, discrimination and bigotry will exist.
But your version of bigotry and predjudice suddenly looses the same kind of meaning as anti semetic or anti black violence when compared to a newborn who lacks a heart. There is no way for the latter the survive, even with medical assistance - ending its life peacefully a few hours earlier does not scale up to killing people because they are black.  check this out  This is nothing more then death by a comittee. A group of brainwashed "doctors", who do not value the dignity of human life but instead place value on the quality of human life, decide for another individual (without their consent) whether their life is worth living. These physicians have been brainwashed to embrace a "quality of life ethic" much like the Nazi doctors were brainwashed to embrace a "quality of the volk ethic". Both are alike in the sense that they have broken their oath of "do no harm". Instead of being healers they have become killers. One can only imagine the damage which will be done to the patient-physician relationship in this society. How can you trust a doctor who may think your life is not worth living? You better watch out cause they may pull the plug when you are not looking - that is if they even let you make it that far.   Drs. Verhagen and Sauer reported in the March 10, 2005, issue of the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) about the Groningen Protocol. This algorithm is used to avoid prosecution in the Netherlands when performing euthanasia on infants. The impetus for this protocol was not that physicians were being actively prosecuted, but that the authors felt that physicians failed to report acts of euthanasia in infants and children for fear of prosecution. The purpose of the protocol is to insure accurate reporting in order to "prevent uncontrolled and unjustified euthanasia" and to "develop norms regarding euthanasia in newborns." Their publication in the NEJM is specifically intended to combat the "blood-chilling accounts and misunderstanding concerning this protocol."  The article summarizes 22 cases of infant euthanasia in the Netherlands. The authors outline the criteria by which they considered euthanasia, and how this process should be performed. A review of these cases raises several questions about the basis for considering ending these infants' lives and even more ominous, includes only that small percentage of cases actually reported.  In every case, the prime, determining factor for euthanasia was quality of life. This was defined as having some functional disability or perceived potential to require long-term assistance (lack of self-sufficiency). Other factors included the inability to communicate verbally or dependence on medical care. These factors were considered to be the cause of suffering in these infants. The Netherlands' laws concerning euthanasia find such action legally permissible in cases where a life of suffering cannot be alleviated by any means. By the authors' reasoning, functional disability that cannot be completely abrogated is such suffering.  Should we perceive a disability as inexorable suffering? The infants in this report were stricken with spina bifida, a disorder that causes physical paralysis and dysfunction, but is typically less associated with cognitive deficits. I have many patients that are leading fulfilled, productive lives despite their disability with spina bifida. One, for example, recently returned from a mission trip. Although these patients require special help with mobility, bowel, and bladder function, isn't it the purpose of medicine to provide these solutions? If we allow medical practice to decide what quality these lives might have in the future and 'proactively' end lives of perceived suffering, are we not on the road to eugenics? Once on that road, the human race has not been proven very trustworthy.   In healthcare, we must safeguard the rights of the disabled. This is even more important when dealing with children: they cannot speak for themselves and parents are in a particularly vulnerable position. These children should be treated with special concern, to find every way to help them have fulfilling lives, not with distain, dismissing their lives as not worth living. I certainly can see how the authors would like to correct 'misunderstandings' about their protocol. One thing is not misunderstood: this is a blood-chilling crime against a helpless population. No amount of legal correctness will ever make this a moral decision. The fact that most of these cases of infant euthanasia are not reported only confirms that the practitioners themselves know this is wrong and should be concealed.  The dutch policy you have heard of allows for the euthanising of babies with horrific deformaties that are 100% fatal It also allows for euthanizing those who have deformaties which are not 100% fatal as shown above.
It is very different to abort a fertilized egg than to kill a foetus late in the pregnancy. In the first case a human being is mostly potential in the latter it is almost fully realized. You say the embryo is only a potential human. What criteria establishes this? How does it change from a non-human to a human? Does every embryo make this change at exactly the same point in time as to justify your blanket generalization that a fetus is more of a human than not by the second trimester?  Also to equate racism with abortion of a foetus is absurd. A black person is not a white person in progress;  No, I'm not equating racism with abortion, I'm equating murder with murder and bigotry with bigotry. The discrimination against blacks in the 1700's and the discrimination against small human beings today are both based upon stage of development. In the 1700s this discrimination led to the enslaving and murder of countless numbers of human beings, and today this discrimination has led to the murder of countless numbers of human beings.   and no pro-choicer is proposing the killing of Blacks. They have advocated such examples as I cited in the Netherlands case. The logical conclusion of the pro-choice stance from the personhood argument is bigotry and prejudice, and ultimately leads to the point that born infants, children, and adults can justly be euthanized against their will and without their consent.
It is very different to abort a fertilized egg than to kill a foetus late in the pregnancy. In the first case a human being is mostly potential in the latter it is almost fully realized. Also to equate racism with abortion of a foetus is absurd. A black person is not a white person in progress; and no pro-choicer is proposing the killing of Blacks.  Might I suggest a little reading up on Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned Parenthood. She promoted eugenics as a means of keeping the poor (read blacks, Jews and other undesirables) population down. http://www.lifeadvocate.org/1_98/feature.htm http://blackgenocide.org/sanger.html http://blackgenocide.org/negro.html http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/dickie-sanger.html
You are referring to opinions from almost a hundred years ago. Who are you going to name next Hitler?  Margaret Sanger was the founder of Planned Parenthood, the largest abortion provider in the world, I believe. Don't you think that pro-choice followers of Sanger should know the truth behind her motives or do you just want them to follow PP like good little sheeples. :)
Margaret Sanger does not speak for pro-choicers.  Infact opinion polls in the US show that 68% - 70% want to keep Roe vs. Wade.  Why is to soooo hard for you to accept that the reason pro-choicers want to keep abortion legal is only out of concern about the nasty consequences of making illegal . It has nothing to do with bigotry . One can say that it is you who is a bigot because it is YOU that has no concern for women's lifes if they are forced to go to quacks and butchers if abortion is made illegal. Where is your concern for women's lifes ?  Margaret Sanger was one of the creators of pro-choice advocacy groups. Isn't it ironic that pro-choice advocates now try to distance themselves from their creator. emoticon_rolleyes
I have nothing to do with Sanger et al, so her opinions are irrelevant. as I said are you going to equate pro-choicers with nazis? if yes, how ridiculous can you get? if you want to argue with Sangers followers be my guest but don't include me as this is a very dishonest and cowardly attitude.  You're a white male from OZ. Why would I care what your opinion was on US abortions? emoticon_confused  My post was directed to pro-choicers in the US that may not have been aware of their movements history.
If you can not see the difference between a week old foetus and a newborn baby for instance it is because you don't want to. Oh, I do see a difference between a week old fetus and a new born baby. But, the only difference I perceive is that the one week old fetus is smaller, lives in a different location, and is less developed. Because I am not a bigot, I do not say that these differences warrant a death sentence.  Now, are you on these boards to engage in discussion, or are you here to be argumentitive by ignoring hard questions? If the former, I invite you to revisit and answer this question: "You say the embryo is only a potential human. What criteria establishes this? How does it change from a non-human to a human? Does every embryo make this change at exactly the same point in time as to justify your blanket generalization that a fetus is more of a human than not by the second trimester?"
...As I said 68% of the people want to keep abortion legal in the US... The trend in America shows that the overwhelming majority of people support far more restrictions on abortion than the laws currently reflect. This is a far cry from your suggestion that 70% of Americans believe that abortion on demand for any reason or no reason at all should be legal.
Now now Cone lets not resort to your time honored tactic of putting words into my mouth. Read my posts carefully, I said that polls show that the public wants to keep Roe vs. Wade. I just saw on CNN today that figure of 68%, because as you know Bush is going to nominate the replacement for Sandra Day O'Conner today I believe at 9pm eastern time. and the subject of abortion came up.  You can take it any way you want but the the polls did not mention anything about abortion on demand or anything like that. Surely common sense should tell you that ! Yes I do agree with you that many people feel there should be more restrictions on partial birth abortions and the like , but that is a separate issue. So focus.. the debate is about whether abortion should be legal or illegal. By the way I have never met any pro-choice person who was in favor of abortion . When discussing an issue on a forum such as this, I think it is very important to be as clear as possible. I did not think your post was clear enough. So, I clarified it. Saying that 70% of americans support keeping abortion legal is not the same thing as saying 70% of americans support keeping some abortions legal. I hope you see my point.  The debate is not just about whether abortion should be legal or not. It is about what abortions should be legal, etc. It is not enough to simply make a generalization that because person A thinks abortion should be legal in B circumstance, and person C thinks abortion should be legal in D circumstance, that both person A and C support abortion. That is not clear enough. We need to know what circumstances A and C support abortion. This gives us the best possible understanding of the issue.
Most pro-choicers don't beleive in complete unrestricted abortion no matter what, but given the choice between 'abortions on demand' and no abortions at all it seems the majority would chose the former.  Its not their first choice, but given the alternative choice offered here its the lesser of two evils. Why do pro-choicers believe it should be restricted as you say they do?
I know nothing about Margaret Sanger and I am not a member of any pro-choice advocacy group....so your logic is insane to put it mildly. As I said 68% of the people want to keep abortion legal in the US....are you saying that two thirds of the people in the US are bigots and murderers ? Come on ....think carefully before you go aroung throwing accusations wildly.  Maybe you should look at more specifically targeted questions. http://www.pollingreport.com/abortion.htm Only 25% favored unrestricted abortions. When asked if they supported late-term abortions, the results were 2:1 against.  And I find your attitude towards women lifes callous and insenstive to say the least if abortion were made illegal .You don't seem to even show 1% of the concern for women that you show for yes .... a clump of cells. You don't know jack about my concern for women and women's lives. All you know is that I think that abortion is immoral. How you can determine that I have a callous attitude towards women from that little piece of information is beyond me. emoticon_confused  Or do you just make such statements thinking that it will further your position by weakening my character? Well, I've been down that road before. Bring on some facts and we can debate instead of hurl invectives at each other.
Wow ! I thought the debate was on "abortion" period, end of story. I was not even aware that there was something called "US" abortions.   I was demonstrating that the pro=choice movement started in the US, not as a women's right issue, but as a means to keep the population of "undesirables" down through eugenics. Yes, Sanger and her ilk were embraced by Nazis, but that wasn't my point. There was nothing altruistic in the movement's most prominant symbol, Planned Parenthood. Today, PP is being sued by the government for failing to comply with child molestation/rape laws. That's pretty ignomanious IMO.   Are you trying to restrict a person's freedom of expression by saying that only US participants can debate this issue ? Why is there a difference between abortions in the US and in other countries ? Please enlighten us...maybe I missed something. I was attempting to use the pro-choice position that as a man, your opinion doesn't count. I wish there was an emoticon for irony. :)
Talk about irony ! I am not a man and as far as I know I have never been a man !  Sorry, I shouldn't multi-task while watching TV and holding a conversation. My comment was meant for Winston. emoticon_emb
how do they say? "it is hard to chew gum and......" isn't that multi-tasking in your case?  Getting older does have its downsides. emoticon_frazzled
Because pro-choice covers everything from allowing unrestricted abortion, to abortion up to the stage where it can survive outside the womb, to up to when the brain is properly developed and functioning.  Its a very wide selection of beleifs, and there are various reasons for each point (though I can only really give them for the latter, which I personally beleive, once it can think and feel and be aware of pain then you shouldn't do something that will cause this) With YOUR view, is it ok to kill someone that feels no pain that is a white male age 40 who is severely mentally retarded?(pretty rare I know)  Beyond that, what makes it ok to kill a human that is unable to think as we do and not able to feel pain as we do? Seems like discrimnation.    That is why most pro-choicers support a time limit to abortions. But pro-lifers are I are even opposed to anti-conceptives. They are just religious fundamentalists. Lets all make vast generalizations that are not true. Seems fun emoticon_rolleyes
That is why most pro-choicers support a time limit to abortions. But pro-lifers are I are even opposed to anti-conceptives. They are just religious fundamentalists.  Really?! Wow! You must know only hardcore pro-lifers. I'm a pro-lifer who believes in birth control and I can rattle the names of about a zillion others who share my opinion. emoticon_wow
Here we go again - that 68% (from CNN) figure was for not overturning Roe Vs. Wade. If you don't like it too bad. I bet the CNN figure is more likely to be accurate than what you have quoted. The fact is two thirds of the US public does not want to go back to the days of back alley abortions and quacks and butchers performing abortions ...Is that so hard for you to accept ?  I will say this again - you want to make abortion illegal , which means you don't give a damn about women who will be forced to go to quacks and butchers if that happens. Don't you get it ? we don't live in a perfect world....so you think abortion is immoral...guess what many pro-choicers might think that too but they also recognise reality and know that making abortion illegal will result in women's lifes being put in jeopardy if abortion goes underground. So you have no concern for women if you don't take that into consideration . You live in a world of absolutes, but life is more complicated than that....  I'm all in favor of abortions if the woman's life is in danger and she choses an abortion. But the fact is that most abortions are gotten out of convenience and not real need. I've posted the stats a number of times, so you can see for yourself that all but a few % are for self-serving, selfish reasons.
So what can we do about that ? We cannot legislate morality.  I do agree with you that sometimes pro-choicers overlook this fact that there is far too many abortions done out of convenience than real need. Yes it is a sad fact but what can anybody do about it...we just have to chose the lesser of two evils.  We don't have to accept the lesser of two evils. And we legislate morality every day, what's new about that? Public nudity, pornography, prostitution, drugs, the list is endless.
The difference between these examples you have cited and abortion is that a woman's life will be put in jeopardy if abortion is made illegal.  As I said, I have no problem with allowing abortions when the mother's life is in jepoardy. If you're talking about backwoods illegal abortions, then that's their choice.
You are right there! When black women were provided access to free anticonceptives, the amount of unwanted, unsupported children diminished and consequently the level of criminality in NY  Got any facts to back up your claims, or is it just wishful thinking on your part?
Backwoods abortions is nobody's choice. When abortion was illegal in the US, backwoods abortions did take place because women had no choice but to go to quacks and butchers.  We don't live in a perfect world, women will abort no matter whether abortion is legal or illegal. So the question is whether to keep it safe and legal or illegal and unsafe.  And you sir, are in no position to sit on judgement on women who abort because you will not be the one responsible for the child's welfare if born. ....So unless you are willing to take responsiblilty for all the children that are born unwanted because you will only permit abortion when the mother's life is at stake, I suggest you keep your morals to yourself.  I'd be more than happy to take responsibility for EVERY baby that I sire. In fact, I have three. You want to remove the element of accountability because you don't like it. Too bad! And you want it to remain legal because it will occur anyways? emoticon_confused What kind of twisted logic is that? Should we make incest legal? After all, it's going to occur anyways. emoticon_rolleyes
JPSartre12: That's very noble of you. Would you also take responsibility for children that you didn't want and couldn't support?  Yes sir. I take responsibility for my actions. I'd find a way.
That seems to be the biggest question in the debate over abortion. The answer is not a single day but rather it is each persons opinion.   The pro-life people say that a fetus is a human when the sperm fuses with the egg. The extreme pro-choice people say that it is a fetus until birth. I disagree with both.  When a fetus is a one celled organism then it is in no way a human. The supporters of the idea that is it human say that it has the DNA that makes us human. They are right, but so does the skin you shed all the time. So does all the blood you have ever lost. All those cells have the blueprint that makes us human. So it is not DNA that makes us, us.  So what makes a human? DNA gives a blueprint but it certainly does not decide when the blueprint has been completed enough to call it human. The answer must be in the make up of the fetus. Organs, a nervious system, a brain, all these are the things that make us human. Those things are not developed until 7-10 weeks after conception though (depending on your source). Many like to show proof that they start to develope earlier but again, unless something is completed and is operating then it cannot be regarded as developed.   Based on that information I would have to say that abortion should be legal until 7-10 weeks after conception. Once that time period has passed and the fetus has a functional nervious system and brain then abortion should only be reserved for the rare cases that the mothers life is in danger.   That solution seems to be the closest that both sides can get to agreeing though many from both sides reject it because they are to hardheaded to budge. I would like to hear from anyone that has any thoughts on the subject though. What do you think?  I've been skimming your thoughts as for this issue which seems to me quite interesting to address as for your personal setting out as well as the subject itself which in afterwards has debated with you some of the points that you are quoting will give my impresion of it rather as a woe that ever may be avoided. Until now anybody knows when a human as such has been created, however what we can have for sure is that within some moment of the 9 months that a woman is pregnant, the cells stop to be just cells to give place to the formation of a individual, whether this takes place inside of the period of the 7-10 months, personally it would seem to me a little bit late to consider, what you are proposing is that at that age the abortion be there permitted as long as the life of the woman be there at risk, well i'm not a doctor but by sheer common sense i regard twicely dangerous as for the fetus as well as for the woman sake that the surgery were carried out, so i strongly reject the abortion but i do regard that in any case if an abortion is going to be done it were done within the first months of gestation where at least the woman life underwent less risk to be lost. As i said i regard this woe can be prevented, i think women bear here a big responsabilty, none person is brought to this world if a woman does not want to be so, there is a say that says "the man comes till or up to the woman wishes", so is there any abortion carried out if a single woman has firmness enough to stop a guy?, of course there is not such a thing, there will be whom says me and the rape cases? well that's another history where unfortunality there would have to apply this extremist resource, but out of it i do not see sticking up to this unfold why should have so many abortion which in my personal slant represents and have no doubt about it a flagrant crime to be done. As for its legal frame of course i think abortion must be ilegal, pursued and punished elsewhere in the world, we are talking about no less that as i did bold it of a crime, but i do insist there is a lot to be done to prevent this happens, i mean if i were a woman would think twice before having sex with anyone, that can shatter as her whole own life as well as her to come non-wanted son, daughter, so women around for her own good sake please do regard this and bear in mind that's a man who is advicing this for you.
even better I was wrong! it wasn't the 'pill' but the availabilty of abortion one of the contributing factors on lowering the crime rate. see: "Why crimes rates fell", by John Conklin ISBN:0-205-38157-X, Chapters 8-9  "Conklin also discusses the debate regarding the legalization of abortion. This debate is focused around  the idea that women who would have given birth to  children they would not have cared for or loved had the  option of abortion when it was legalized in 1973. Thus,  these women aborted those who would have eventually  turned into criminals in the 1990s. Conklin determines  that potential effects of the legalization are already  incorporated into the age structure of the population and  would have little, if any, additional effects..."  I can see that you have a deficit in reading comprehension. emoticon_rolleyes  Here's a review for you to read...if you can.  http://wcr.sonoma.edu/v5n1/potchak.pdf  You'd better cast your trolling net in another direction, now. :)
Well, did making incest illegal result in women's lifes being put in jeopardy ? Because making abortion illegal sure will !   A woman's life is also put in jeopardy when they have a Legal abortion. Just LESS jeopardy.  On the original question of when does a human become a person?  I don't know if anyone answered this one yet.  But it's simply when a cell gains the natural ability to form into a NEW organism.  That's pretty much it. Totipotency.  Sperm doesn't have that ability, neither do ova, nor do skin cells, or liver cells, or anything else in our body. They are all specific cells designed to do a function. Only one cell in a human ever has the ability to become another human "person". And that is a fertilized egg.  So.. that's when you became a person. The moment you became.  Using the logic of "a person isn't a person until they are fully formed" is ridiculous.  By that logic, we could kill every child who hasn't hit puberty. Because they aren't fully formed yet.  Any questions?
Don't put all the blame on the woman. The man has also to take half the blame for all the abortions taking place now.  I've yet to see any man taking his girlfriend to an abortion clinic at gunpoint. The ultimate decision is hers. The blame for her pregnancy is shared. however.
But they are capable of surviving on their own. If we are going to talk viability it is a matter of using medical opinion to determine at what point a foetus will survive birth.  Admitedlty, this does mean an artbitary line has to be drawn to limit the stage at which elective abortion is legal.  Is a 6 year old kid capable of surviving in Alaska on his own or is your criteria geo-specific as well?
If there was no pregnancy there would be no need to go to an abortion clinic in the first place.  Takes two to tango but only one to have an abortion.
It takes two to have an abortion too...  Did you have statistics to back up your claim. You seem to suggest that only women make the decision to have an abortion.....maybe it never occurred to you that the man may not want the child too. This is a very simplistic view to have that only women make the decision to have an abortion.  Like I said, unless he's taking her at gunpoint or she's drugged, the ultimate decision is hers and hers alone.
You hear that JP !  Wow! Now THAT was an original thought......100 years ago, that is. emoticon_rolleyes
 So if you follow your logic all medical procedures should be outlawed because a person's life will be put in jeopardy. If you needed a medical procedure, how would you feel if the only option you have is to go to quacks and butchers ?  First of all, I never stated that any medical procedures should be outlawed. You jumped to conclusions.  Secondly,  Why are you throwing around the word NEED like that? In the very few cases (2.8%) where the mother's life may be in jeopardy from the pregnancy, she will NEED an operation.  All other elective abortions are a WANT.  So a woman would NEVER have to go to a quack or butcher for an operation that she NEEDED, if it was illegal for all other elective abortions.
But they are capable of surviving on their own. If we are going to talk viability it is a matter of using medical opinion to determine at what point a foetus will survive birth.  Admitedlty, this does mean an artbitary line has to be drawn to limit the stage at which elective abortion is legal.     Absolutely not.  This is not a standard of life based on viability. My explanation has nothing whatsoever to do with viability.  It has to do with Ability. As soon as a cell has the Ability to become a separate human, that is the point where it is recognized as a new person.  Viability is a stupid standard. Heck, if you left a newborn alone, it would starve to death.
Takes two to tango but only one to have an abortion.    Wrong. It takes at least two. The Mother & the Doctor.
Wrong. It takes at least two. The Mother & the Doctor.  I'll stand by my statement. Use your imagination to discern why.
Sorry, old boy, I never claimed to be a mathematician. Whatever gave you the idea that I did? I merely stated that I have been exposed to mathematics and have a basic idea of what the field is about and what it is used for.  I merely wanted to point out that I have been immersed in the larger world of ideas and thought and theories and that it has given me an understanding of how scientific theories and ideas are birthed and that I have not been submerged in the rote learning of the application of these ideas and thoughts and theories.  No, what you attempted to do was play a hunch that I wasn't a scientist as a means of discrediting me and you were hoisted on your own petard. Then you backpeddled and tried to give the impresion that you were a mathematician by injection. That didn't fly either.  I have no problem with someone vehemenyly disagreeing with my ideas , but when you get personal, I react in kind. emoticon_mad :xcensored
By the way, Sartre, you have that sardonically dismissive tone of a Jesuit.  Has your early education been largely at the hands of Jesuits?  No, I was raised by a pack of wolves. When I sense weakness, I attack. Keep that in mind for the next time that you want to question my character and not my ideas. :)
It is you XXXXX, that can not comprehend. It is not that abortion has no effects, but that the effects are already included in the calculations. Apparently you think of yourself as a scientist. That's a sad joke. And you sign as J.P. Sartre, a XXXXX like you? Only in America....:p  Now you're just making a bigger fool of yourself. If you'd have bothered to read the link that I provided, Conklin stated that age could only account for ~20% of the reduction in crime and this included the effects of legalized abortion. Looking at legalized abortion as a factor by itself had little significance. here's some more fodder to demonstrate your plunge into absurdity. emoticon_rolleyes   [quote] Crime Statistics The crime rate in the United States was lower in the 30s, 40s, and 50s, when abortion was illegal. Crime then started increasing prior to the legalization of abortion, and the minor decrease we have seen recently is a small drop when compared to the initial increase. If abortion prevents crime by reducing the number of potential criminals, as the study suggests, then why was the crime rate lower for many years prior to the legalization of abortion?  In addition, statistics show that much of the drop in crime isn't within the "post-Roe" age range. For instance, according to FBI statistics, the murder rate for 14 to 17-year-olds in 1997 was 94 percent higher than it was for 14 to 17-year-olds in 1984. Yet, during that same time period, the murder rate for 25 to 34-year-olds (those born prior to Roe) has dropped 27 percent. (source: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/homicide/oage.txt)  The murder rate for 14 to 17-year-olds during 1993 (born post-Roe between 1975 and 1979) was 3.6 times that of the children who were 14 to 17 years old in 1984 (born pre-Roe 1966 to 1970). In contrast, over the same time span the murder rate for those 25 and over (all born prior to Roe) dropped 6 percent. (source: http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/homicide/teens.htm.) http://www.rightgrrl.com/carolyn/abortioncrime.html   Does abortion account for lower crime rate? A new study casts doubt on earlier research suggesting a link between abortion and falling crime rates. Ted Joyce, Ph.D. of the National Bureau of Economic Research used the same data that was used by John Donohue and Steve Levitt for their study, titled "The Impact of Abortion on Crime." But while Donohue and Levitt suggested that abortion has reduced crime rates by limiting population groups most likely to commit crimes, Joyce found no causal effect of abortion on crime.  Carnegie-Mellon Professor Alfred Blumstein, director of the National Consortium on Violence Research, agrees, saying that Donohue and Levitt are "off the wall" in claiming that abortion accounts for 50 percent of the crime drop in the 1990s.  Blumstein has edited a new book, Crime Drop in America, which points to other factors including prison expansion and waning crack use.  - E.P. News    Donohue and Levitt's contention that legal abortions in the 1970s explain half the fall in the crime rate during the 1990s is couched in what appears to be a scientific study. Yet a closer look at the data on both abortion and crime contradicts their conclusions. Equally important, their argument ignores the new social dynamics that emerged in the wake of the legalization of abortion. The "selective abortion" effect that stands at the center of their thesis is nullified by the fact that about two-thirds of the rise in teenage pregnancies following the legalization of abortion were the result of behavioral changes. In other words, legal abortion was a cause of the bad socioeconomic environment, not its cure. As documented in my feature essay, by sharply cutting the net marriage rate and increasing out-of-wedlock births, legal abortion caused a sharp fall in household living standards, especially among "teenagers, unmarried women, and African-Americans," groups that Donohue and Levitt claim will have children most likely to engage in criminal activity. http://www.eppc.org/printVersion/print_pub.asp?pubID=2266 
Better a doctor than a quack or a butcher.   Do you consider doctors who perform abortions as murderers ?  Morally or legally? Morally, yes; legally, no.
When women are in a desperate situation, it becomes a need.  Not everybody is fortunate enough to have family and friends for support.   Nope. Nothing doing. When talking life and death of a fetus, the need to perform the abortion should be a reason of life or death of the mother all other "needs" pale in comparison and, in my book, are just "wants".  And you are wrong about women not haveing family or friends for support. Every woman in the world can find a family and friend who will help with adoption.
Nope. Nothing doing. When talking life and death of a fetus, the need to perform the abortion should be a reason of life or death of the mother all other "needs" pale in comparison and, in my book, are just "wants".  And you are wrong about women not haveing family or friends for support. Every woman in the world can find a family and friend who will help with adoption.  I agree with you. ALL of the reasons given by women for obtaining abortions are based on self-serving reasons. The only one that is legitimate though, IMO, is the life of the mother. The rest are selfish, self-indulgent reasons to avoid responsibility.
Interesting comments... so even though the fact the doctor performed the abortion probably saved the life of the woman because otherwise she would have been forced to go to a quack or a butcher like many did when abortion was illegal in the US.  This is really unbelievable you consider Doctors murderers ?  Abortion doctors are murderers, just like the Nazi doctors were murderers. No real doctor would trample over their hippocratic oath - DO NO HARM. Abortion is murder unless the life of the mother is at stake due to complications in the pregnancy.  I think it is unbelievable you consider murderers doctors.
Interesting comments... so even though the fact the doctor performed the abortion probably saved the life of the woman because otherwise she would have been forced to go to a quack or a butcher like many did when abortion was illegal in the US. Saved a woman's life?! Except in instances in which her life was in danger, the abortion doctor isn't saving anyone's life. If abortion was illegal, then it would be her choise to risk a backwoods abortion. Again, nobody is holding a gun to her head. If she was so concerned about "her life", then she wouldn't get an illegal abortion.  This is really unbelievable you consider Doctors murderers ?  What do you call a doctor that performs a partial birth abortion on a fetus capable of surviving outside of the womb? a saint? emoticon_confused
When was the last time you went to France ?  I was last in France about 3 years ago and I saw plenty of coyote uglies. I was in Sweden the year before and saw zero fatties. Those people, men and women, are all fit.
Help me out. I have a really hard time understanding the notion of not making laws because they are going to be broken anyway. "Let's keep abortion legal because otherwise people will get abortions illegally." No mention of whether the procedure is worth banning based on its own merits. It's simply, "well it's going to be done, and in a dangerous way, so we had better keep it legal." I'm stuck in the thinking that if something is worth banning, then it shouldn't matter if people are going to follow the law or not. It it's worth banning, ban it. If not, leave it alone. But don't let behavior dictate what laws you won't make.
In reference to the question of whether doctors are murderers or not:  It's pretty straightforward. If a fetus is a human being with "personhood" (forget about when that magic transformation takes place for a moment) then anyone who kills the fetus is a murderer, whether it's a doctor, backwoods/backalley surgeon, mother, father, whatever. If we're working with a human being minus the personhood, well, I guess doc is in the clear for now.
If you were a woman, people might actually take that comment seriously.  As a man (you can correct me if I am wrong) you sound arrogant, uninformed and oblivious to reality.  You are starting to get on my nerves, but here are the stats.  Abortion Statistics - Decisions to Have an Abortion (U.S.)   25.5% of women deciding to have an abortion want to postpone childbearing.  21.3% of women cannot afford a baby.  14.1% of women have a relationship issue or their partner does not want a child.  12.2% of women are too young (their parents or others object to the pregnancy.)  10.8% of women feel a child will disrupt their education or career.  7.9% of women want no (more) children.  3.3% of women have an abortion due to a risk to fetal health.  2.8% of women have an abortion due to a risk to maternal health. http://womensissues.about.com/cs/abortionstats/a/aaabortionstats.htm   These were the reasons that the woman getting the abortions stated, so read 'em and weep. 6% were either health of the fetus or mother. The other 94% were all self-serving reasons. Any more snide comments? :p
Since a Doctor performing an abortion is not harming the mother therefore he is not violating his oath. Remember the foetus has no legal protection, in the eyes of the Doctor a foetus is an 'it' not a he or a she.  Actually, since the "doctor" is killing the fetus, then they are definitely doing fatal "harm" to it. Therefore the oath is being broken.  Even a Doctor assisting a person to die with dignity is not violating his/her oath as he/she is only obeying the patient's wishes. Granting a terminal patient a dignified death is not harmful on the contrary the doctor is helping the patient who otherwise would die in a prolonged agony.  Doctors who perform euthanasia and medical assisted suicide are breaking their oaths.
Assume the fetus is a "viable" human being with "personhood." Is the mother's perspective relevant?
Do ya'll feel like it's just a big circle? The debate, I mean.  No matter how well something is explained, no matter how perfect the logic.. pretty soon, another kid comes along and jumps on the merry-go-round, and others jump off. He're we go again.. And round and round it goes..  I guess, I'm wondering.. does it work? Are we changing people's minds one way or the other? Or at the end of the day, does everybody just pack up and go home the same?
Do ya'll feel like it's just a big circle? The debate, I mean.  No matter how well something is explained, no matter how perfect the logic.. pretty soon, another kid comes along and jumps on the merry-go-round, and others jump off. He're we go again.. And round and round it goes..  I guess, I'm wondering.. does it work? Are we changing people's minds one way or the other? Or at the end of the day, does everybody just pack up and go home the same?  pack up and go home the same...but gives us something to do right?
In reference to the question of whether doctors are murderers or not:  It's pretty straightforward. If a fetus is a human being with "personhood" (forget about when that magic transformation takes place for a moment) then anyone who kills the fetus is a murderer, whether it's a doctor, backwoods/backalley surgeon, mother, father, whatever. If we're working with a human being minus the personhood, well, I guess doc is in the clear for now.  The only difference in "person" and "human" is the spelling. Trying to make a distinction between the two words is just trying to justify something with technicalities. Long before the abortion debate one could easily use human and person interchangably. In fact, they are still considered synomyns in your local thesaurus.
Health of the mother is clearly a "self-serving" reason, and since when did we adopt some manner of altruist ideology where morality is determined by self sacrifice and working to one's own benefit evil.  When one's own best interests involves killing an innocent.
It sure is. The State can't tell her to have an abortion, or it can't say that she can't have an abortion.* Sounds like personal responsibility to me.  *Within the boundaries of local law permitting abortion. However, the state says I can't kill my neighbor...seems kinda hypocritical.
Sorry your nerves are a little frayed, but I never made any claim that most abortions were not elective.  But it does not change the thrust of my point- your view is so polarised it is difficult to take what you say seriously.  It's difficult for you to comprehend that to someone who believes that life begins at conception, advocating only very limited uses of abortion is logical? emoticon_confused It certainly doesn't seem like much of a stretch to me.  You are so plainly and completely against the mothers perspective in this matter that your good intentions fall by the wayside (at least to myself when I read what you say).  Maybe you're used to dealing with moral relativists. I don't share their vacillations, sorry. emoticon_rolleyes
Steeeeve:  If you're in the camp that says humans and persons are the same, then abortion is murder. If you're in the camp that draws an arbitrary distinction between humans and human persons, then there's an argument (however subjective it may be) for keeping abortion legal. Think about it--I've never heard of someone who is pro choice stating that they believe the mother's right to privacy overrides the life of a human "person." They will admit that it is human, yet deny that it has personhood. The true question to be answered is WHEN we have a viable human being. Once we do, all the other peripheral issues that people always focus on (right to privacy, living conditions, rape/incest,) are pretty much irrelevant.  I personally believe it is preposterous and hideously irresponsible that abortions are permitted before we know for sure when human life becomes "viable."
Think about it--I've never heard of someone who is pro choice stating that they believe the mother's right to privacy overrides the life of a human "person." They will admit that it is human, yet deny that it has personhood.   You haven't talked to Sigma yet then. Sigma assumes that the fetus is human - but as long as it is "attached" to the mother (even if it is outside the womb and still attached by an umbilical cord) it can be killed.   I personally believe it is preposterous and hideously irresponsible that abortions are permitted before we know for sure when human life becomes "viable." I agree, but I don't think that viability is what should be the determining factor of whether or not abortion should be legalized.
chloe, I'm not sure if you mean that you think the subjective notion of "viability" is pretty much ridiculous. If that's what you mean then I think I would have to agree. Where do we get off drawing an arbitrary line somewhere in the life of a human being, and then declaring that everything before the line=human without personhood, and everything after the line=human with personhood. Not only do we subjectively come up with this line, but we also subjectively create this notion of "personhood"! To make matters worse, different people draw the line at different places! It almost sounds like a joke as I write this, but the sad bottom line is that best case scenario, we're playing roulette with human lives. Worst case scenario we've got a lot of human "person" blood on our hands.
Does the oath extend to killing an "it"?  It applies to all human beings - this includes the fetus. It also says that the physician will not perform an abortion.  They are doing good by assisting people to die with dignity, they are not harming anybody. How can you harm a person who is a terminal patient?  You harm a person who is a terminal patient the same way you harm a person who is not - by harming them. Actively causing someone to die is actively bringing them harm.  Such a line of discussion is question begging because arguing that abortion is either right or wrong depending on whether it causes harm presumes that the issue of what constitutes harm has been decided when it is the same issue as abortion.  Abortion is not wrong because it causes harm - and yes, it does cause harm. It is wrong because murder is wrong.
So it's ok to kill an innocent if you do it for reasons you deem to be altruistic, or unselfish?  Only when those reasons intersect with the lives of the mother/child. At that point, I believe that it's her call and either one is a moral decision.
25.5% want to postpone childbearing. Sartre says this is a self-serving reason without asking why one would want to postpone childbearing.  It doesn't really matter what the reason is, if you believe that preserving life is paramount, then it trumps personal convenience. Period.  21.3% cannot afford a baby. Sartre also says that this is self-serving without giving one iota to the financial costs of prenatal and obstetric healthcare and the costs of rearing a child, not to mention the potential costs to a woman's health and wellbeing. It doesn't really matter what the reason is, if you believe that preserving life is paramount, then it trumps personal convenience. Period.  14.1% have a relationship issue or their partner does not want a child. Again, Sartre disdainfully dismisses this as of no consequence.  It doesn't really matter what the reason is, if you believe that preserving life is paramount, then it trumps personal convenience. Period.  12.2% are too young (their parents or others object to the pregnancy.)  Again, Sartre fails to consider the far more complex issues of youth and childbearing. Children's bodies are not suitable for pregnancy and childbirth.  I find it necessary to introduce the topic of fistulas which, fortunately, are largely unknown at this time in the United States (it was not always so).  It doesn't really matter what the reason is, if you believe that preserving life is paramount, then it trumps personal convenience. Period.  Get the point? emoticon_rolleyes
10.8% feel a child will disrupt their education or career.Tell me, dear Sartre, would you personally suffer a disruption in your education or career goals to risk a pregnancy, giving birth, all of what a woman goes through as a result of pregnancy? It doesn't really matter what the reason is, if you believe that preserving life is paramount, then it trumps personal convenience. Period.   7.9% want no (more) children. Again, Sartre fails to consider the complexity of this reason. What if a woman has many children and cannot afford the time and energy, not to mention not have the financial resources, to cope with another child. Ah, so easy for you, Sartre, to see the world in simple terms of black and white, so easy for you to make snap judgments, such an unawareness of the realities of life.  It doesn't really matter what the reason is, if you believe that preserving life is paramount, then it trumps personal convenience. Period.  3.3% have an abortion due to a risk to fetal health. What if one has to go through the harrowing experience of giving birth to a child who suffers a horribly painful and very brief life? I guess that is difficult for you to understand, Sartre, in your utterly black and white world of snap judgments.  2.8% have an abortion due to a risk to maternal health. Again, Sartre, you arbitrarily declare yourself God and rush to judgment on a woman's consideration of her individual health situation. The above 2 reasons account for the 6% of abortions that I said weren't just self-serving. They look at the health of the fetus and the mother and there isn't a clear morally differentiated answer.  Sartre, I am curious. How does one contrive to be so dreadfully uncurious about the realities of others' lives? How does one maintain that woefully narrow scope of mind?  I guess not taking the shallow moral relativistic approach that you perfer adds clarity for me. To me, the life of a baby is sacred. Short of the mother's risk of death, the rest are just arbitrary justifications made by people who want to kill fetuses out of convenience for the "mother" and I use the term very loosely because I don't consider someone having an abortion, a mother. Doesn't saying " I killed my baby because I wasn't finished college yet" bother you? Or " Welll, my career is just starting so I'm going to kill my fetus because it's slowing my roll". My "woefully narrow scope of mind" is the ability to see the goal and not being clouded by excuses to not act morally. While you would get lost in a forest because you bang into every tree in your path, I look at the light penetrating through the other side and walk towards it, undaunted by the trees. emoticon_rolleyes
Steeeeve:  If you're in the camp that says humans and persons are the same, then abortion is murder. If you're in the camp that draws an arbitrary distinction between humans and human persons, then there's an argument (however subjective it may be) for keeping abortion legal. Think about it--I've never heard of someone who is pro choice stating that they believe the mother's right to privacy overrides the life of a human "person." They will admit that it is human, yet deny that it has personhood. The true question to be answered is WHEN we have a viable human being. Once we do, all the other peripheral issues that people always focus on (right to privacy, living conditions, rape/incest,) are pretty much irrelevant.  I personally believe it is preposterous and hideously irresponsible that abortions are permitted before we know for sure when human life becomes "viable."  Many people here hold the position that a mothers right to her own body is above the right to human life...Some others argue that there is not right to life.   It seems to me that we try to change the definitions of stuff in order to make us all feel better. You think 200 years ago they would have had an arguement about whether or not a person is a human or vise versa? The fetus, embryo is a human so making a claim that person is different from a human after the fact seems kinda strange. It just is what it is...know what i mean?
I think I know what you mean. However, not too many people will say outright that the rights of a mother outweight the rights of another human being. For example, once a baby is delivered, any intentional, subsequent termination of life is murder. I think this is pretty well accepted. All the reasons people give in favor of abortion, at this point, are irrelevant. It doesn't matter that the mother wasn't ready, if the baby was a result of an incestuous relationship, whatever. It's too late. Now, we know that a fetus is a human being; as far as I know, creatures produce after their own kind. So abortion kills a human being. In order to justify abortion, there has to be an additional conceptual term that refers to humans that are somehow different from humans deserving of protection. So, innovators that we are, we invent the idea of "personhood/viability" in order to make a distinction between human beings, and, well, human beings. As far as I can tell, it's made up, it's subjective, and for the pro-choice crowd, in general, this is all you need.
I suppose you're using 'murder' synonymously with 'killing',   No I am not  but like 'harm' such a declaration is question begging because it passes the buck and requires that we explain why murder is wrong.  No it doesnt. Murder is absolutely wrong.   I'm sure that seems odd, but it strikes me that 'murder', killing someone, is permissable depending on the circumstance such as self-defence, execution, euthanasia, accident, or the prevention of more deaths.   Murder is never permissable.
Pravda: I would agree if you mean a child's right to life ends when it infringes on a mother's right to life. However, a mother's right to privacy or right to her own body does not override another individual's right to life. Is this not clearly the case, as most people are in agreement that a mother cannot kill her children simply because they are infringing on one or more of her rights (outside of a right to life)? The only way, as I see it, that abortion can remain legal is through the arbitrary distinction between humans with and without personhood.
I guess for me, push has come to shove, and a child's right to life is being infringed upon by the mother's right to privacy in almost all abortion cases. At least until it is proven that a fetus is not a viable human being.   I feel I am obligated to assume all human beings produced from other human beings are worthy of protection, regardless of developmental stages. It seems the burden of proof lies with those making a distinction between types of humans to supply the evidence that there is an indisputable distinction. Upon encountering such proof, I would have to reevaluate my position.
No, its the fact that you dispense with all the other realities surrounding the issue of unwanted pregnancy. because I can see the forest and don't get tangled in the trees.   An ironic statement coming from someone whose forum name is that of one of the great moral relativists............... Kudos for picking up the irony. :)
Totally agree with you ! Must have something to do with their diet like eating "frogs".  maybe they should try kissing them instead. :)
 Actually, I would say that a child's rights end exactly where they infringe on its mother's rights, just like other legal or moral rights. couldn't it be said the other way around too? The mothers rights end exactly where they infringe on its unborn babies rights. In this case the mother has no right to end the babies life as her rights end at wanting to take away the babies right to live.
couldn't it be said the other way around too? The mothers rights end exactly where they infringe on its unborn babies rights. In this case the mother has no right to end the babies life as her rights end at wanting to take away the babies right to live.  Exactly the position of most pro-life advocates. A baby's right to life supercedes the mother's convenience.
how can one exist without first having a right to live?  I would like to point out that I can predict these forums to the minute...  no, there are more...it kind of goes in a pattern. It will soon turn to how the womens rights are all above the unborns. From there we will go to "well, no one has a right to life...personal autonomy is real right".  And then there will be some random arguement that differences everytimes...and then back to "the unborn is not a person/human". And then we loop around again. Meanwhile the pro-life position remains the same throughout this process. The unborn has a right to live period end of story.  This is provided here for the first part  Unfortunately I don't mean that a child's right to life is limited by its mother's right to life, but that all the rights we accord a child are limited by the rights of all other citizens, including its mother.   and here for the next stage..  I'd suggest that this is not the case in any rights-based system, as a system that valued the right to life over the right to self-ownership would be incoherent. 
I can take stab at where this is going next too...  however, since I have called out the pattern I will probably do a change for a bit to try and throw me off emoticon_xclown
I guess a better way to say it would be...  If you have no right to live then what good would any other right be?
To repeat a previous posts: This is because:  A rights to life is formally consequent of rights to self-determination.   Free will is necessary for life to have value.   To say that a right to life is formally antecendent of rights to self-determination is to repeat the fallacy of affirming the consequent, putting the cart before the horse so to speak.  Whatever. One has to exist to have free will and one has to continue to exist to continue to have free will. The right to life is the right to exist and continue existing. Also, life has value seperate from free will. Human life is valuable in and of itself.
Correct, but one does not have to have a "right to life" to have free will.   Existance is more fundamental then free will. Right to exist/life is more fundamental then a right to free will or a right to autonomy. If one's right to life is not secured then all other rights are jeopardized.
Correct, but one does not have to have a "right to life" to have free will.  One can live without a "right to life", but it means they must either provide for themselves or have others voluntarily provide for them.  Huh? If you don't have a right to live, you're dead. I don't know many dead people with free will, do you? emoticon_confused  If you take care of yourself instead of having others be forced to take care of you, a "right to life" in no way assists you in living. It certainly does. It prevents others from taking your life without grave consequences to them.  The advocates of a "right to life" do not apply it consistently, or appear to understand what it means outside the context of pregnancy.  Africans have a right to life as much as fetuses do, and you are violating that right every time one of them dies of starvation.  How are we violating Africans' right to life by not taking any action against them? Or are you claiming that but not acting, we are actively depriving them of their rights? That's a real stretch. I'm not aware of any right that demands others to take an active part in securing it for an individual. The same can't be said of abortion. It takes an action on the doctor's part in order to violate the fetuses right to life.
 Does the oath extend to not harming 'its' ? and what about having to decide between saving the mother's life or her baby's, which one would you harm? if two people are going to die, and you have the opportunity to save one, you do what you can to save the life of the one you can. That would be the mother.  Let's change the oath and the problem is solved, as by prolonging a person's agony they are doing more harm than good. in the case of abortion it would still be murder
the right to life as God-given and merely affirmed by man  You might be onto something.  This is the basis for American government.
And yet as an atheist I still believe in rights.  Thats great.
Chloe:  Certainly one does need to exist in order exercise free will, however...  One does not need a right to life to continue existing, fortunately. Likewise one does not need to live in order to enjoy rights.   One needs their right to life to be secured in order to continue existing - as seen with the case of abortion.  Systems of rights are based on the principles of self-determination and the relations between agents, rather than the existence of those agents or any right to existence of those agents. As such a right to life is derivative.  The system of Human rights are based on the innate dignity of human beings  the point that supposing a right to life is necessary to have other rights is the fallacy of assuming the consequent, because rights are not the things that they protect.   Best not to confuse life and the right to life. The right to life is most fundamental right, and any comparison of this right with another is unequal. If the right to life is not secured while all other rights are, then all other rights are in jeopardy of being violated and done away with. This is not the case with any other right - as they are the products of and serve the most fundamental part of human existance- life.
when does the so called 'right to life' begin. at the sex act?  When the 2 nuclei fuse into one unique human entity.  Oh! I thought they were 'God given'.. emoticon_rolleyes Are they?
There are many Forums on abortion issues where the same arguments and counter arguments are bandied about again and again like a ball in a never ending tennis match....boring and futile really. emoticon_wow There is one argument. The fetus is a human at conception. Abortion is murder.
if two people are going to die, and you have the opportunity to save one, you do what you can to save the life of the one you can. That would be the mother. That's not always the case. I've heard instances in which the mother chose the life of the fetus over her own, the ultimate in self-sacrifice.
[QUOTE=Winston Smith]I have come to the realization that pro-lifers are just a gang of zealots who want to keep women under their control... [QUOTE]   What would a woman, pro-lifer say about that?
But you are involved as you have an organ that the hospital has decided to give to a patient for life saving operation. Your basic premise is absurd. The hospital has no authority to "take" but 1/2 of a siamese twin or a baby attached to an ambilical cord does, IMO.  How is this different from a pro-lifer deciding to loan your organs to someone who needs them to maintain their life? See above  By having sex/not emigrating you have consented to the rules of the society you live in. In both cases you have the option not to be involved. I'm not getting the connection. emoticon_confused   Hey - I've never voted democrat in my life and never intend to ;) I have no problem with us weeding out the dregs of society and giving them to you so you can make your country more socialist, if you really want to.  I was thinking more in the lines of Soylent Green, actually. Socialists would make great food. Well-marbled from sitting around letting others do their work for them with few bones, especially spines. What could be better? :)
Certainly one does need to exist in order exercise free will From this, the hierarchy of rights that is derived is one where the right to life is the cornerstone.  Human life is not valuable in itself, and logically such schemes of intrinsic value are always incoherent. Value is necessarily relational in its form.  Human life is valuable. If there were only one human being on the earth, the value would still be there.  Which is why freedom of will, socially recognized as a right to self-determination, is necessary for a life to have value because agency (having freedom of will) defines the relations of one person to another. are you confusing freedom of will with a supposed right to freedom of will? Agency is derived from life.  Systems of rights are based on the principles of self-determination and the relations between agents, rather than the existence of those agents or any right to existence of those agents. As such a right to life is derivative.  Systems of rights must first of all based upon the existance of the agent. My imaginary friend, Drop Dead Fred, cannot have rights because he does not exist.  Furthermore, one does not need to have agency in order to have rights.  Hence the point that supposing a right to life is necessary to have other rights is the fallacy of assuming the consequent, because rights are not the things that they protect.  I never assumed they were. Therefore, you have assumed a consequent. Becuase life is more fundamental than free will and is necessary for it to exist, the right to life must be and is logically more fundamental.
not another "rights" debate....  ugh  Here is what I gotta say to this one-< emoticon_xbye
And abortion is allowed, however if the Right to life was held paramount, and this belief enforced this is a totally different thing. The here the hospitals would have no choice but to find the donor and take their spare organs regardless of their opinion, to do otherwise would be for them and the potential donor to be putting mere convience over the life of another.  In that instance, you have property rights issues to consider as well. :)  I can't envisioning any scenario in which a person is pulled off the street to have his kidney confiscated by Uncle Sam.  Solyent Red surely ;)  Good one. emoticon_xgood
Still have property rights in the case of abortion - the fetus is laying claim to organs that aren't theirs. Unless they were welcomed in, i.e the mother wants a baby and therefore isn't considering abortion isn't this on the same level as a tramp sneaking in through an open window and being recognised as being co-owner of your house. Actually, when the ambilical cord is attached, they share all pertinent organs. The same case can't be made for the wino tramp and your liver, for example. :)   Though I suppose there is the complication that the fetus will die without its borrowed organs - so lets say the tramp situation is taking place in Alaska in winter. In both cases a unwanted person is laying claim to property that is not theirs and will likely die if removed. I could see the argument that throwing a tramp out in the cold in Alaska could be murder.
'You're wrong' maybe...  Though the counter to that would be that she has be convinced by (traditionally patriarchal) religious beleifs (whether she still holds them or not) from her upbringing, or doesn't actually understand the issue other than sometimes fetuses look like babies, and babies are good.  Nice. Now you're telling us that women are basically brainwashed XXXXXX.  Keep digging, this is good stuff.
You have to admit some are - a lot of people will be pro-life because of religion, and that religion because of the environment they were brought up. I wouldn't go as far as you and say religion is brainwashing, but it does have some things in common I'll admit. Still what you say is a bit harsh.  There are plenty of examples here of woman who are pro-life and don't fully understand the issue, we wouldn't be having half the debates we do if there weren't.  I fail to see the cognitive difficulty that you speak of. A fertilized, implanted egg becomes a baby after 6-9 months. If you believe that, prior to its ability to survive outside of the womb, it's still human, then you take action to preserve its life. If you are intellectually dishonest and say that since we don't know precisely when it actually becomes human, it's OK to kill it at will, then you're in favor of abortion. The rest is just smoke and attempts by pro-abortion advocates to justify the unjustifiable. If left where it is, the fetus WILL become a human being capable of living outside of the womb. Yanking it out prematurely will prevent this. Period.
You have to admit some are - a lot of people will be pro-life because of religion, and that religion because of the environment they were brought up. I wouldn't go as far as you and say religion is brainwashing, but it does have some things in common I'll admit. Still what you say is a bit harsh.  There are plenty of examples here of woman who are pro-life and don't fully understand the issue, we wouldn't be having half the debates we do if there weren't. wouldn't everything be brainwashing then? Philosophy would be brainwashing, everything is brainwashing :)
Why does it matter that its human, what specifically is it that makes it more special than dogs or amoebas or an enemy soldier? Why should something as undeveloped as a embryo have any rights over a adult human whatsoever?  Your response is discrimination based on size and development. Although, your logic put all the way through would say a 1yr old should be killed if a 40yr wants because they 1yr old is not as developed as the 40yr old. Are you for that?
Sartre:Sartre, just to satisfy my curiosity, is this your view of when a fertilized egg becomes human?  I think that view might be at odds with the present official view of the Roman Catholic Church.  I think that you're attempting to split semantic hairs. It is a "baby" when it exits the womb, prior to that it is a fetus, both of which I would consider human.
You have to admit some are - a lot of people will be pro-life because of religion, and that religion because of the environment they were brought up. I wouldn't go as far as you and say religion is brainwashing, but it does have some things in common I'll admit. Still what you say is a bit harsh.  There are plenty of examples here of woman who are pro-life and don't fully understand the issue, we wouldn't be having half the debates we do if there weren't.   I guess if you admit that a lot of people are pro-life because of religion, then it plays out that many people will be be pro-choice because of lack of religion, which I guess atheism is then also a result of the LACK of a certain environment that they missed growing up in. I wouldn't go as far as you and say that lack of religion is a lack of brainwashing, almost a pure, unadulterated perfect state of being, where all thoughts are precise.. but this point does have some validity, I suspect. Still, this is a bit harsh and is perhaps a little overblown in it's own pompousness. One could actually argue that the Lack of a faith-based growth environment actually produces a deficiency in mental capacity.  There are plenty of examples of people here that demonstrate this faith-based developmental deficiency, and don't fully understand all of the issues here, we wouldn't be having half the debates we do if there weren't.
Shouldn't those bastards who murder plants and then consume their corpses be punished? Why can't beetles vote despite the fact that they outnumber people hundreds to one.  There are different levels of development, to regard everything as equal, especially when the issue is that they aren't physically equal is a bad position to take. 'Size and development' is such a drastic simplification it makes no sense  I wonder if I can draw a strawman with text... O \|/ /\  an unborn human is still a human, a beetle is not a human.
Sure he did...He made a ridiculous caricature of my argument, he then shot down this ridiculous caricature, connected it back to the orginal ridiculous claim, and therefore stating his claim correct.  http://www-personal.umich.edu/~lilyth/strawman.html  He almost went word for word with the example above.
Sure he did...He made a ridiculous caricature of my argument, he then shot down this ridiculous caricature, connected it back to the orginal ridiculous claim, and therefore stating his claim correct.  http://www-personal.umich.edu/~lilyth/strawman.html  He almost went word for word with the example above.   The fun begins when he responds innocently...   ..."what? who? me? I was being serious.. did I create a strawman? well.. it wasn't on purpose.. well, you gotta admit.. my point still has validity.. etc."  Spin baby spin.
 ...I have no problem understanding the religious arguments against abortion, I just don't think they should be considered by a secular government when it comes to deciding whether something should be illegal or not. When the faith based reasoning is used alone outside of a religious context it is often just incorrect or irrelevant.  Well, heck, when I spout Calculus at a baby shower it's often irrelevant.  Freedom of Religion is a sticky wicket. You can't ignore it. If you close your eyes, it's still there, it's all over the place, it's like the Force.
Please, by all means quote the posts in which he did those things you claim.  was it not obvious? I quoted him for goodness sake.
Then perhaps you could explain how the quote in Post #463 was a straw-man argument on his part.  I did...post 465.
Ok, looked back over it and fair enough, I'll give you this one (though I still think you could argue development as complexity of an organism which is my actual point)  Size is completely irrelevant here, other than to try to make my position sound stupid, its purely a case of development and in this case you aren't even arguing this point - you are arguing that its always a human. I am discriminating based on development, because I don't think human DNA is enough to grant all rights, nor do the government as cancer treatment isn't classed as murder, and you can't drink, drive or vote until you reach a certain stage of development.   But it's not just a case of it being human DNA. Your hair contains human DNA, but it doesn't contain the right cells necessary to create life. It take a zygote..I think. (I always hated biology, that's why I became a chemist) . Cancer doesn't contain the necessary DNA to replicate a human being, an implanted fertilized egg does.
Tastyfish,  In the US we tend to not base things on different types of humans. For example a 1 year old has the same rights as a 90 year old. You may see "well Steve, a 1yr old isn't allowed to smoke"....TO which I will say, smoking is not a right granted by the government unlike life, liberty, or property...among others.
Ok, looked back over it and fair enough, I'll give you this one   I just wanted to point out that this is pretty honorable. Not many times will people say that might have messed up on these forums and we all have INCLUDING me. Just thought I would point that out.
I'd rather not get into a "rights" debate...however, rights can be infringed upon...they just can't be taken away. There is a difference.
Anybody who thinks religion plays no role in the abortion issue is deluding themselves. All religions preach the sanctity of life....Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, Islam in theory at least. And since in general people form their beliefs partly from religion, there is no question that religious beliefs is the driving force for the pro-life argument. It may not be politically correct to say this as it may be taken as one group forcing their religious beliefs on others, hence most pro-lifers won't even touch the religious aspect with a ten foot pole.   I quite agree.
Anybody who thinks religion plays no role in the abortion issue is deluding themselves. All religions preach the sanctity of life....Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, Islam in theory at least. And since in general people form their beliefs partly from religion, there is no question that religious beliefs is the driving force for the pro-life argument. It may not be politically correct to say this as it may be taken as one group forcing their religious beliefs on others, hence most pro-lifers won't even touch the religious aspect with a ten foot pole.  You are so right that religion and faith play a role in the abortion issue. The pro-choice movement is propelled by the religion of secular humanism (generally speaking although there might be some exceptions). Secular humanism preaches that there is no god, and even if there were one could not know it (an argument that is rooted in blind faith), and that everything came about by chance. Therefore it would follow that mankind is nothing more then an abnormal wart on the face of a chance universe who has no purpose or dignity whatsoever - everything is meaningless (I still have not figured out why these meaningless people post meaningless words on a meaningless internet forum). This religion and all the sects that branch off from it, has no basis to place any dignity in the human being whatsoever. And since in general people form their beliefs partly from religion, there is no question that religious beliefs is the driving force for the pro-choice argument. It may not be politically correct to say this as it may be taken as one group forcing their religious beliefs on others, hence most pro-choicers wont even touch the religious aspect with a ten foot pole.  Now, what I can't for the life of me understand is why anyone would choose to listen to those who have no basis for placing dignity in the human being try to make a call on issues of ethics and morality. It makes sense that those who, due to their chosen faith based religion, can find no basis for the sacredness of human life would have a problem comprehending a view that says that human life is sacred and all people should be treated with dignity and respect.
Sorry, but if we're talking about the extermination of human life, I'm going to need a little more to go on than the generalization "pro choice people use common sense." A general consensus among the masses, a "common sense" if you will, is an occurrence that may actually need to be held in check. That aside, what is common, how do you gauge it, is yours the same as someone elses, and oh never mind.
I require resources to continue to exist - if you have tumour cells in a similar broth as you would use to culture yeast and suchlike then they still grow.   Cancer cells, or any cells in a multicellular organism, (whether part of the body, or artificially stabilized in a lab) other than the gametes are unable to become a NEW multicellular life form that passes all of the criteria for life. The only exception would be a stem cell that has been artificially "fooled" into "believing" it is a zygote.  If you wish to argue that Cancer cells somehow meet the requirement of reproductivity because of their individual ability to divide... They would still fail because, as a whole, cancer, by it's very nature, is not homeostatic.
Pro-choice people use common sense instead of religious beliefs.   Lack of religious beliefs is not common.
   I never said that pro choice people dont have or "lack" any religious beliefs did I? Thats what your assuming and thats incorrect.   What many pro-life people fail to see is what will happen if abortion is illegal. Making it illegal isnt going to save all the so called "lifes" that abortion supposably destroys. Making it illegal isnt going to stop abortion. It will just make it even more unsafe and unsanatarity. It will most likley put the mother in danger, because people are still going to abort whether you agree with it or not.     Since some people will break a given law is a reason for throwing it out all together? The fact that people are going engage in a behavior anyway is irrelevant when it comes to the legality of the behavior in question. Decide the whether the behavior itself is acceptable or not, then follow through.
What all pro-abortion people have in common:  Their mother's all chose life
AMEN easyrider!
Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government - its sole useful purpose is the joy of retribution on those we despise. We can almost view it as a kind of surrogate God, who weighs sins, and grants boons or condemns, without regard to the consequences of its actions.  No practical purpose?! I'dcall preventing the killing of fetuses practical. So would most rational people. emoticon_rolleyes
Perhaps you could read the post I was responding to, which I will quote again for your benefit:   Tell me Sartre, if people have abortions regardless of whether they are illegal or not, how does a law against abortions prevent the killing of feti. Hint: It doesn't. Your basic premise is false. The facts clearly show that the number of abortions goes UP with decreased regulation. To claim that there will still be the same number of abortions whether it's illegal or not just flies in the face of reality  Would you support a law against abortion if it did not save a single fetus?  Yes. Since I'm not a moral relativist, I believe that wrong is wrong.   Would you support a law against abortion if it resulted in more feti being killed? I can't foresee any scenario in which that would occur, so the question is too absurd to answer. emoticon_rolleyes
Would you support a law against abortion if it endangered even more mothers lives and didnt show record of having more feti saved? Because with abortion laws will become unsafe abortion practice. Not only will illigalization of abortion stop these "feti" from being aborted, but it will also endanger and risk the health of the mother as well.  By your logic, we should legalize all drugs so that we can assure that the drugs on the street are FDA approved, right? emoticon_rolleyes
Did they have a choice ?  If they were born after 1973, IIRC, yes.
So, I guess this will apply to me but there is a whole lot of pro-life people who were born before 1973.....so that statement about their mothers is not quite accurate is it ?  Prior to 1973, abortion wasn't legal in all 50 states, hence the comment. It was legal in some states but not universally so. So, to be completely accurate, I chose the point at which it was legal in all 50 states.
Did they have a choice ?   Every woman has a choice whether to kill their unborn child or not, whether it is legal to abort or not.
Would you support a law against abortion if it endangered even more mothers lives and didnt show record of having more feti saved?.  Absolutely. Because, legal or not, abortion is a choice. Just like skydiving. No one is forcing a woman to get an abortion. NO ONE.  Because with abortion laws will become unsafe abortion practice. Not only will illigalization of abortion stop these "feti" from being aborted, but it will also endanger and risk the health of the mother as well.  With the medical advancements of our era, unlike the previous era... I think that illegalizing abortion will eventually create a whole new branch of birth control that will allow women to safely "turn-off" the ability to get pregnant until they choose to. Currently, the demand for such a product or proceedure exists, but hasn't gathered enough momentum to be developed fully.  Of course, this will open a whole new can of ethical worms. But the current issue will effectively close.
 ...if people have abortions regardless of whether they are illegal or not, how does a law against abortions prevent the killing of feti. Hint: It doesn't.  Yes.  A law against abortions WILL prevent the killing of innocent children because we will find an alternative. Just like always.  Would you support a law against abortion if it did not save a single fetus? Would you support a law against abortion if it resulted in more feti being killed?  Explain how this is possible.   I'm assuming that you mean: after anti-abortion legislation is passed (which will probably be at the end of next year after Rehnquist steps down), that illegal abortions will continue at such a feverish rate (in America) that somehow an equal number OR MORE unborn children will be killed.? Doubtful.  Unless you had another scenario in mind.
I don't know about him but I certainly think so. They should be legalized so we can collect taxes on an adult activity, like alcohol. We would save so much money on DEA and narcs. We could put all those guys on the border.  Columbian farmers would get a price for their crop without corruption in government troops.  drugs could be sold at the corner store or liquor store.  Taxes could pay for treatment for those who can't control themselves.   Cigarette companies could use their death machines to make joints instead.  Win-win in my book.  FDA should only be involved in getting impurities out.  I'm also in favor of legalizing drugs, but my point was that you don't legalize something just because you can't control the abuse of it. I think that Uncle Sam shouldn't be able to decide what I eat drink or smoke because the government has no jurisdiction over my personal decisions as long as they don't infringe on others. The argument that many women will die at the hands of hack abortionists if they are made illegal is a weak argument given the fact that they would be chosing to go to those hacks knowing that abortion was illegal and being performed by hacks. The number of back woods abortions that would occur if abortion was made illegal is no reason to make an immoral act legal, IMO.
It's a hypothetical question, whether or not it's actually "possible" is irrelevant, use your imaginations. Its aim is to stress test your moral program. Maybe a group of militant feminists repeatedly gets impregnated and aborts in protest to the new laws, it isn't important to the question.  Presumably, JPSartre, you would support a law against abortion that resulted in more feti being killed - you aren't some kind of wishy-washy moral relativist, are you?  At the risk of repeating myself Symbiote: Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government JPSartre: No practical purpose?! I'dcall preventing the killing of fetuses practical. Symbiote: Would you support a law against abortion if it did not save a single fetus?  JPSartre: Yes. Since I'm not a moral relativist. Symbiote: Ah of course, because the law isn't there to serve any practical purpose, rather to impose the will of society through the iron fist of the government.  And so I find my original claim, which you objected to, was correct, that you two support laws which serve no practical purpose, the law must simply reflect your moral ideals.  You dream up an impossible, absurd scenario and then are surprised that I give an answer that isn't based on pragmatism or moral relativism, but rather principle. Our laws should reflect our values. If we value life, we make laws to reflect those values. Do you find that difficult to comprehend? If I believed that any law that served a practical purpose was "OK", I'd be in favor of prohibition of alcohol, drugs, censorship, and a whole host of things that I am opposed to on constitutional principle. IMO, laws must have two defining characteristics. They must be Constitutional and they must reflect the values of the governed.
We are human at conception. The sperm and ovary cells are human before they even connect. A fingernail clipping is human.  What you mean is; when do we become a person.  No!   At conception we are a person and human.  All living things belong to a species and the foetus is a living thing, for that reason a foetus must belong to a species, and that species is human.  A fingernail is dead so cannot be considered a living human, nor will it develop into a human.  The sperm only has half the chromosomes so is not human.    The unique human is the key element here, if you cut your nail, the DNA from the nail can be replicated by the living persons nail, a foetus when destroyed cannot have itself replicated, the unique DNA that is destroyed will never be see on earth again, that individual has gone forever, howver, the man with the nail clipped is still alive.
A human life is only a person once there is someone existing there. Before a fetus has a mental existence, it is just a growing human body - a thing, not a person. A thing cannot suffer, cannot feel pain, fear or even feel anything for that matter. How can you have empathy for a thing? Once a fetus develops a mental existence, then it is a person worthy of protection, as are all people.  says who? you? What gives you the authority to decide this.
A human life is only a person once there is someone existing there. Before a fetus has a mental existence, it is just a growing human body - a thing, not a person. A thing cannot suffer, cannot feel pain, fear or even feel anything for that matter. How can you have empathy for a thing? Once a fetus develops a mental existence, then it is a person worthy of protection, as are all people.  In that case a man in a coma is not a person then, is he?
How do you know we are a person at conception? What is the source of your conviction? What guides your reason and can anyone come to your viewpoint without faith in some divine authority? My common sense suggests that a mass of human tissue that has yet to develop sentience cannot be fairly defined as a "person".  A fully grown human is just a mass of tissue, and cells.
So you reject the existence of the soul? No, but if you are going to claim that conception is just a mass of cells then, you must agree that an adult human is a mass of cells too.   You have no proof when the soul enters the body or that there is one at all; the safest thing to assume is that the soul enters the body at conception.  Also define what it is to be a "person", and don't use your opinion.
You said an adult was "just" a mass of cells. I beg to differ.  I'm not interested in playing it safe. Pascal's wager is for cowards.  If I must use the thoughts of others to define person then why don't you look it up for yourself. Is my opinion invalid when another's given them by dogma is to be unchallenged?  Btw you never answered my question as to how you know that a person exists at conception. Please don't be evasive as this is critical. You defer to an unseen authority and mean to impose your beliefs on all. And you said:  "My common sense suggests that a mass of human tissue that has yet to develop sentience cannot be fairly defined as a "person"."  I beg to differ.  Please don't be evasive as this is critical. You defer to an unseen authority and mean to impose your beliefs on all.   I thought your arguments would crumble at the point of defining a "person".
So the definition of a person is very much open to interpretation and debate, but the fact is this: If a man in a coma is not a person, it doesn't give anyone the right to kill him, just because he is not a person, especially if this is based on someone's opinion that he is not a person. If it could be proved that with time the man may recover, the possibility of turning off the life support machine that he depends on would be completely immoral, it would constitute murder. A foetus in the womb could be described as being on a life support system too, and we know that the baby may become conscious, if left to recover, hence abortion is murder.
Exactly!  So the position that you take, deeming personhood as a factor in abortion is void isn't it, it must go deeper still for you to justify abortion.
None of us here, including yourself, has any authority to decide anything for anyone else.  But you do... You wish to have the authority to decide if an unborn lives or dies. that an "anyone".  I define personhood as a human life that includes a mental existence. The reason I define it this way is that, outside of pro-life views on abortion discussions, I've always heard the word "person" used in a way that automatically assumes a mental existence.   Thats nice, so how does this give you the authority to impose this on another?..for example the unborn? However, you don't grant that it is a "person"...but what if I don't consider you a person, can I kill you?   Your opinion automatically is at fault because you decide who is an isn't a person and make that choice for them while at the same time saying you shouldn't make that choice for them. It is almost a circle in a way....you think everyone should have their own opinion but you think that the unborn is not a person so shouldn't have an opinion but that would be limiting someones opinion but you don't believe they are a person...its beggin the question on a whole new level.
The "right to life" of the coma victim is an extension of rights bestowed at birth so I don't see the situations as comparable. Otherwise killing someone in their sleep would not violate their rights either. An early term fetus has never known consciousness and as such cannot be seen in the same light.  Actually, the right to life has been legally extended to the fetus in many states. There have been several recent high-profile cases in which a man has been charged and convicted of killing a fetus as well as its pregnant mother.
There is no authority (including both myself and yourself, since we have no such authority) that determines the beginning of personhood and its inherent rights, mainly because our society is struggling to understand what it means by personhood. In my view, before a fetus has a mental existence, it is just a thing, not a person, and I have no problems deciding to end the existance of a "thing" when necessary. I do recognize that this "thing", if given more time to develop will very likely become a person and so the decision should not be taken lightly. However, it is nothing compared to the decision of taking the life of an actual person.  Your opinion seems to be that a fetus is a person even before it has a mental existence and your whole arguement in your last posting implies that there exists an "other" in the form of a pre-mental state fetus who I am deciding for. Your are making a decision that such an "other" exists at that stage. You certainly have a right to your opinion, as I have to mine. I have no right to impose my opinion on others and neither do you. We simply both present our views and supporting arguements. Any other people reading our exchange will simply make up their own mind.  To be honest, your arguements seem to be composed more of attacks on others views than on any justification of your own. Since you seem to view a fetus as a person even before it has a mental existence, then what exactly is your definition of personhood?  You don't want to push your beliefs on others but you get to decide who those "others" are. That doesn't really seem right. I can't decide who is and isn't a person can I? Is it morally ok or me to kill all white people because I feel they are not persons? I don't think so. During slavery they didn't think blacks were "persons" so does this make it morally right? I honestly don't believe one can set his/her own standard for what a person is because to do this you have to establish what a person is before you can give them the right to decide what a person is. See the circle there? This is why I believe there is one answer to this question just like an apple is an apple no matter what others call it or say it is. If you will excuse me, I am going to go kill some people that I don't believe are persons now emoticon_rolleyes
Were these fetuses late term?  In both cases that I'm certain about, yes. I don't know what the language in the pertinent laws say, however. That would be an interesting topic to research.
... My support of a woman's right to choose abortion wanes as the first trimester comes to an end. I believe as the nervous system develops the ability to sense the external world a person is coming into "being", thus making it a human "being" and therefore protected.   My support of a woman's right to choose an abortion wanes after conception. I believe as the two gametes fuse DNA and become a zygote, a person is coming into "being", thus making it a human "being" and therefore protected.
What are you doing if not deciding who those "others" are as well? You are making a decision just as much as I am. Why should your decision be more valid? Do you claim to be an authority? I openly admit that I am not an authority but recognize the fact that no one is in this area since we as a society have not come to an understanding of what we mean by personhood and "other".  We all have some idea of what we mean by person. It is generally acknowledged by nearly everyone that a born baby is a person. Unfortunately, before that, the picture becomes much more murky and a decision of when another person exists depends on people's general definition of personhood. It can be set at birth, at conception, at certain stages of development of the brain, etc. I can well imagine a belief system that claims that every unfertilized egg is a person just waiting to be fertilized so it can grow. Does that mean that abstaining from fertilizing that egg is murder? Of course not, at least not according to the great majority of us. However, perhaps you see my point. We do have to set some early limit on when a person exists and forums such as this allow for the discussions that might have a chance of letting us all narrow down our definitions.  Meanwhile, you haven't answered my question about your definition of a personhood, with justifying arguements.  ok, so personhood is "murky"...wouldn't this mean we would resort to the safest bet? You would think people would rather be sure they are not killing someone instead of "might" be killing someone. Seems like an awful big risk to take.  As for definition of personhood...To me person and human are the same thing. To try and make a difference is to justify something. When we have a law that says you can't kill someone it is implied to mean person or human fairly interchangably....in fact you probably do it all the time in normal speech. However, getting caught up with definitions leads us no where but trying to justify something with a technicality. A human is a person is someone that deserves to not be murdered for doing nothing. The same reason I would never kill you, an unborn, or anyone for that matter.
I support your right to hold that opinion and act accordingly with respect to your own offspring. I would not assist you in projecting those beliefs onto others. For me it's about cruelty. I believe it is not cruel to terminate before the fetus has to apparatus to experience the world.  I guess it isn't cruel to you. However, cruelty seems to be in the eyes of the beholder, no? Maybe the unborn thinks it is cruel. Or maybe you wish to project your belief on whats cruel to others?
At the point of development I'm speaking of the "unborn" doesn't and cannot "think" at all.  Who made thinking the requirement for what is cruel and not? Would it be cruel to kill someone who has been in a coma for 10 minutes?
For me, the existence of a new human body is not enough, there has to be someone home. Should I go out and kill all the alzhiemers patients now and not worry because they are not persons?  The very word someone implies a mental existence. See above  My view, based mostly on scientific understanding, is that it most likely comes in the third trimester, though the second trimester is murky enough that I might be convinced there with proper scientific arguements (which I have yet to hear). Scientific understanding would tell you that "trimester" is a word meaning 3 periods and was developed by the court..it has no scientific relations. The same thing applies here though. Why is "mental existence" required to be a person to you? It seems you would be suggesting that someone smarter than me is more of a person. A one year old is less of a person and an alzhiemers patient used to be a person but slowly is becoming not a person. It just seems rather arbitary because "mental" existence varies from 'human' to 'human' from nothing to way too much. It really has no more backing then say...judging personhood on skin color.
Isn't cruelty a motivational state, like taking joy in making someone else suffer?  I dunno about motivational but it is having 'joy' in making someone suffer. I'm not seeing your point though.
I don't see the logical connection between this statement and my stated views. Obviously, Alzeimers patients have a mental existence. It may not be a very high level one and may be deteriorating, but it is most certainly there. According to my definition of person being a human with a mental existence, Alzeimers patients are people and should be treated as such. Well a little unborn does too...so therefore we can't kill it right? An Alzheimers patient has almost no brain activity. They breath and thats about it. A fetus probably has more "mental existents at somepoint...but who knows where?  Existence is a binary thing - either something exists or it doesn't. A genius doesn't mentally exist any more than does an acute Alzeimer's patient who only has rudimentary emotions left. The genius simply has a far more developed mentality. The trick comes in understanding when the mental existence comes into being. When, during the growth of a fetus, does it start having rudimentary feelings or thoughts? Also, when, in the deterioration of the mind through damage to the brain, does one stop mentally existing? How much brain damage is enough to stop all thoughts or feelings so that one is only a self-sustaining body, nothing more? Once again, I'm not saying that these thoughts or emotions need to be at all advanced, nor am I saying that these rudimentary thoughts or emotions have to be conscious. So you don't know in other words?  To some extent yes, we should err on the safe side.  So shouldn't we do what you say? Play it safe.
As for Alzeimer's patients, the ones I've known or heard about all seemed to have at least rudimentary thoughts and emotions soon before their death. It's possible that my understanding of Alzeimer's disease is limited and that, at the latest stages, they no longer have any brain activity in their celebral cortex (or any other part of the brain involved in thought or emotion). If this is your understanding, please site some sources.  I suggest hanging out in a full service nursing home for 3 years (1month will probably do though). I believe this brings a new light on the way people think. It is easy to type something down saying "well, this person doesn't wanna live" but its another to tell someone that their husband should be killed because he is no longer a person....probably because it is not true. Nevertheless, Alzheimers patients vary from case to case but some have thoughts, some can't do anything. The first "brain" activity from a fetus comes fairly early on..while I don't believe this is what makes you a human, I do believe that it is comparable to an alzheimers patient.  Science cannot tell us exactly when thoughts or emotions start, but it seems to be able to give us some limits on when the earliest time would be and, as mentioned above, that seems to be about the 30th week. But you still don't know...this is just a "best guess". Would you like a doctor to take his "best" guess when performing brain surgery on you or would you rather have the doctor that knows for sure?  This arctile might show you how unsure it is...  http://www.locateadoc.com/articles.cfm/1047/1140 or http://www.birthpsychology.com/lifebefore/fetalsense.html
How so? The thought here is that brain activity makes you a person...an Alzheimers patient has barely any brain activity just like an unborn....Why can't we apply the standard across the board?
did I not already post something about this???   Aside from it being hard to find out what the brain activity is for an unborn, the fact that it has little brain function is easily comparble to an alzheimers patients who also has little brain function. So you are trying to create a standard that says 'this much' brain activity is required to be a person but what backing does one have for this? Does any brain activity count?
Oh thats an easy one, he cannot see any difference between an unwanted pregnancy and a person with an incurable brain disease. If you can get rid of one you can get rid of both. Thats how I read his stuff anyway....... Correct! I can't see the difference between people in this regard. We tried seperating people into different groups and it just doesn't work.   So you don't have data that compares brain activity between the two. Big surprise there.  What I'm saying is that Alzheimer's victims have much more brain activity than fetuses, especially prior to the third trimester. Where is your data to back this up emoticon_rolleyes   Once again, they are comparable because they both have low brain activity...are you suggesting we set a limit on what amount of brain activity makes you a person? Talk about arbitary numbers...
I'm curious. Do you think that, if possible, people's bodies should be kept alive artificially forever, no matter what their state of brain damage would be? Do you acknowledge no end of mental existence? What about mental suffering - do you acknowledge no situation in which ending life would be better than perpetuating an existence of unending suffering 1) no 2) I believe mental existence from your body ends 3) there is no situation where ending life is better  There are no doctors in existence that know for sure. Everything is limited by our scientific understanding. Under such a reality, a "best guess" is fine by me. It's all we have. It's not all we have. Try keeping the kid alive! Best guess is not good enough for ending life.
a zygote is not a person. period!  And I appreciate your OPINION, Mr. Smith. Would you care to back your statement up factually?
I support your right to hold that opinion and act accordingly with respect to your own offspring. I would not assist you in projecting those beliefs onto others. For me it's about cruelty. I believe it is not cruel to terminate before the fetus has to apparatus to experience the world.  I agree that this issue is also about cruelty. I believe that it IS cruel to terminate a fetus at any stage of development.  You are using awareness, and the developed ability to think as your deciding point for granting personhood. And then using personhood to define your "cutoff" period for abortion advocation.  I am simply using a different ruler. I do not define personhood by some arbitrary brain development level. Thought does not define a human. We are defined as soon as our first cell is created. It is when the pieces come together to create each of our individual living DNA maps. Only time will tell what that map will produce, and it is not for me or anyone else to terminate that person.
2) So you believe that, as long as the body is alive, there is a mental existence - at both ends, fetus side and end of life side. Am I reading that correctly? Nope, you are not. I said "I believe mental existence from your body ends"  3) I would agree that there are cases where a doctor, family member, or general authority might want to end the life of someone who is severely brain damaged but still has enough mind and will to live left in him that they would not want to die. In such cases, I agree that we should let them live. However, there are certainly also a lot of cases where continued life is pure torture - through extreme physical or mental suffering that no medicine can cure or even relieve. In such cases, especially after a long period of such suffering, most people would want to die. Would you like to live for decades under extreme physical or mental suffering with no hope for a cure or relief? If you had no means of communicating your desire to end your life, wouldn't you hope that someone would be wise enough to make that decision for you? Granted, we have strayed a bit off-topic here to talk about certain cases of the end of life, as opposed to the beginning, but I disagree with this "life at all cost, under all situations" idea. It's too simplistic and doesn't take into account all scenarios. Seems like pain and suffering all are natural parts of life...we all have been in that situation. How can one recommend death as a better option from death when none of us know how it is.  In your view, what level of knowledge would be good enough for determining an end (or beginning) of mental existence? Omniscience - i.e. only God can make such a decision? My view says that I have no authority to make this determination because it is purely arbitary. At LEAST we can say we all have to make the decision for ourselves and this would reasonably lead to one saying the fetus has to make the decision for itself and default at life until it otherwise can decide.
 At what point are we called human?   At the point that you become human, in other words conception.
Personally, I am not religious at all. I am a man of logic and reason and tend to steer clear of myths and superstitions. But my gut instinct tells me that abortion = snuffing the life out of a new baby. I don't need any god or religion to tell me what's right. I don't need any "divine scripture" telling me not to kill or steal either. I can figure that out on my own with having it be mandated to me from some book of fairy tales.  I'll go with common sense and logic every time. Works for me. emoticon_xgood
Mae, dear Mae! How many time do I gotta 'splain to you that the purpose of Christianity is to bring as many souls as possible into the world so that THEY MAY SUFFER.  That is God's will!  Hmmm. All people will suffer at some point in their life. So yes, I would say that suffering is God's will. It is through suffering that a person achieves perserverance and perserverance produces character. However, I would not say that the purpose of Christianity is to bring souls into the world to suffer. Christianity is the belief of Christ as your savior.
 Does your compassion for the fetus end when the child is born ? Why not spend all that energy (and money) to help children after they are born ?   Why not ask my 2 kids?
Don't they say that God loves the poor so much that HE/SHE created billions of them? Better aborted than poor and starving, in my opinion  Bull. It's always better to have a chance than no chance at all. Always.
Won't wash with people who structure their lives around mythical belief systems. A stroll through Brazilian slums should be required for prolife individuals.  Been there, done that in 1996. And I'm still pro-life.  I think pro-choice individuals should have to work at an abortion clinic.
From your statement I presume that the moment you were conceived you became aware of being a human....this is very interesting indeed as you had no brain at that time.  Actually, at the moment I was conceived, someone else became aware of me becoming a human. Brain development does not define a human, it is our potential that helps define us.
From your statement I presume that the moment you were conceived you became aware of being a human....this is very interesting indeed as you had no brain at that time.  you don't know you ar a human at 1 day old either....  brain doesn't define human by the way
From your statement I presume that the moment you were conceived you became aware of being a human....this is very interesting indeed as you had no brain at that time.  It has more then just a brain; if you let it complete the course that you started it on.
According to whom ?  The dictionary.
did you type the above squatting in your hunches in a rat infested slum in Calcutta? I think not. There are fates worth than death by the way. I'll bet you that a lot of slum dwellers wish they had never been born.  They have a choice to end their lives or persist, if they wish.
saviour? saviour of what? If suffering is God's will then God is a cruel, unkind, sadistic whatever He/She is. So you can keep your God, thank you emoticon_rolleyes  That is childish. Everyone knows that suffering is an inherant part of being human. It is as natural as anything else. A trully cruel God would be one that would limit it's people to only know one side of reality.
What about the children who are not yours.....I know you have endless compassion for an embyro or fetus but after they are born , do you still have compassion for them and do you do anything to alleviate the suffering of children in this world (other than your own)  Of course I do. I have two specific charities that I donate my time and money to that care for suffering children.   Do you?
I have not been able to find anywhere in the dictionary where it says that it is NOT brain development that defines humans but potential....so please provide a link to back up your statement.  My comment was: Brain development does not define a human, it is our potential that helps define us.  http://wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn?s=human  (Any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage)  Brain development is obviously inherent in the human equation.. however, it is what we Do, or eventually can do, like articulate speech, that actually defines us. Our potential.
My comment was: Brain development does not define a human, it is our potential that helps define us.  http://wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn?s=human  (Any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage)  Brain development is obviously inherent in the human equation.. however, it is what we Do, or eventually can do, like articulate speech, that actually defines us. Our potential.  actually if we do brain surgery on a person which removes some of the brain, they are less of a person and thus get 3/5ths of a vote during elections and the census.  I bet you didn't know that emoticon_xclown
You get into trouble when you start to question when is a human a human. I am 18 years old. My brain won't be fully developed until I am 21. Does this make me less human. People really should think about this because if you can say that because certain areas such as the nervous system, heart, and brain are not fully developed you can also say that because a baby cannot walk he cant be completely human because humans can walk. Its sad that we start to question whether or not a baby leaving inside of us is human or not in an effort to be able to do whatever you want with no consequences.
Talk about exploitation! And the left accuses Haliburton of what?
Just what I expected from the pro-death people.
Exploitation in that many women, who are concerned about their circumstances, aren't thinking clearly. Now, here comes this doctor saying,"we'll kill your baby for free!" That's exploitation.
Charity to kill unborn babies? Yeah, sure emoticon_xgood If that's charity, then I'm Leonoid Brezhnev.
What does the issue of paying for an abortion proceedure matter for?  I'd of thought from the lofty moral viewpoint of the Pro-life camp payment for an abortion would be moot.  Perhaps someone can explain otherwise....... When it involves the killing of unborn children, it doesn't matter whether it's free or not. Not to mention the risks the women are taking.
You are SO insulting.   "Oh, the poor dears have been through too much and are considering an action I disagree with so they must not be thinking clearly."   Who are you to say they aren't thinking clearly? I'll give it to you, Bassman. You are the most polite, best veiled misogynist I have ever encountered. You nearly had me fooled. Try again, your arrows keep missing the target. I have repeatedly stated the reasons why abortion is wrong. Not only from a moral standpoint, but a practical one as well. And on the subject of the practical, I'll give you this little tidbit of info. We are fast becoming an aging population. Now, do the math. When you've already had 40 million unborn children aborted on the altar of "choice." What does that leave is with? It leaves us with fewer younger workers to support the retirees. Now, with all due respect to you and yours, I did not mean to come across as insulting. I'm simply pointing out the connection betwwen abortion, euthanasia and eugenics.
Yes, offering medical procedures without cost would be charity. Pleased to meet you Leonoid.  Not tax deductiable charity..but i guess in the general sense of the word it is..sadly :/  You are SO insulting.  "Oh, the poor dears have been through too much and are considering an action I disagree with so they must not be thinking clearly."  Who are you to say they aren't thinking clearly? I'll give it to you, Bassman. You are the most polite, best veiled misogynist I have ever encountered. You nearly had me fooled. I would argue that anyone who gets an abortion is not thinking clearly.  as for exploitation...that would depend on the motives of the doctor.
Steeeeve:  And I would argue that anyone who believes that compulsory gestation and forced parturition should be imposed on women is one of the lesser minds of the 11th Century.  I guess you are free to argue whatever wrong way you choose
I am not arguing with your stance on abortion. I am pointing out that your snide little comment that these women must not be thinking clearly is insulting and misogynistic. And it is. My bad, I should have been more sensitive. What I should have stated is that, with any traumatic situation, people have enough on their minds without the added trauma of abortion (I know where you might go with this, so I'll save you the wear on your keyboard). The effects of abortion are a well documented fact!
They will also suffer trauma for having an unwanted baby.  By all means oppose abortion because you believe it kills a human. That's fine imo.  But being against abortion because it, apparently, causes less trauma than an unwanted child is not a valid argument imo, unless you can prove it causes less trauma than an unwanted child.  -Wez Wez, no child is unwanted. That's a fallacy of the pro-abortion crowd. Each child is a precious gift, and never to be taken for granted. Do I believe that abortion kills humans? Yes, very much so. Do I also believe that there are better alternatives to abortion? Yes, very much so. Are there documented cases of post-abortion trauma, cancer, infertility, depression, etc. all linked directly to abortion? Yes. That's why my interest is not just in the child, but also the mother.
Yes, that would be nice. But what does the woman do for 7 or 8 months while she's waiting? She gets on with her life and adapts to her changing body. You know. It's been going on since the dawn of creation.  What if the child is not healthy? Doesn't matter. There are plenty of couples who want Down's Syndrome babies, spina bifida babies. The question is rehetorical.   What if the child is black? Yellow? Red? So What! Are you implying that all adoptive parents are racist? The question is rhetorical.  There are plenty of unwanted children. Most pro-lifers love babies until they are born. Then they are someone else's problem. Then it is "Dont' raise the minimum raise, no welfare, no universal health care, no morning-after pill, no, no, no." Now you're steryotyping the pro-life community. First off, I've stated before, NO CHILD IS UNWANTED! Second, Where do you get the audacity to accuse us of kicking women to the curb? Third, those issues you brought up are exactly what bankrupted our country in the first place. I do think that there is a need for a safety net, but not what you advocate. We don't need welfare for life, nor do we need socialized medicine. On the morning-after pill, I agree on that, but primarily for rape victims.
You don't just "get on" with your life. If you are a responsible person, your  life is over. Changes have to be made. That's almost right. Your role changes. From just a person to a parent.    I am interested in seeing some stats on this stuff. Let me do some digging, and I'll get back to you on that.    Really? I feel like it's this obscene war and country rebuilding that's bankrupting us, but I would never make such a claim without backing it up somehow. Since LBJ, the US has wasted over 6 trillion dollars (yes, trillion with a "t") on the so-called "war on poverty" and what has this gotten us? Nowhere except a culture of dependence and an entitlement mentality. The idea is to make sure that people take responsibility for their own lives. Not have the government take care of you from cradle to grave.    What do you think we should have as a 'safety net'? I'd like to see higher education made more accessible for single moms. The Welfare Reforms of 1996 were a good start. I'd like to see fathers step up to the plate and be real men, not boys. Take responsibility for their children and delight in them. Children are a treasure, and a real treat. :)
That's the point, she doesn't want to be a parent. Not for 1 month and not for nine. She is not going to walk around pregnant for nine months. Sometimes we all have to do something we don't want to. It's called obligation. Too often, selfishness rears its ugly head and we get into the "what's in it for me?" attitude. At the risk of ruffling feathers, there is the wonderful option of adoption.
[QUOTE=OccamsRazor]Right, so you agree the initial statement was basically meaningless- why bother with the "for free" bit at all?[QUOTE] Because it is still morally wrong    Which reminds me, you never did get back to me with any impartial figures to show what "risks" women who choose abortion are taking. A term pregnancy is far, far more likely to result in the death of the mother for example. Doubtful. Term pregnancies more often than not result in both mother and child doing well. Amazing what medical technology can do, eh? Now, For those figures, go to www.abortionfacts.com. You'll find the stats concerning both physical and psychological effects of abortion. Specifically: increased infertility. increased risk of cancer, increased risk of hemmoraging from botched abortions, depression, suicide, post-abortion trauma syndrome, need I go on?
You continue to insult! The implication still stands that you are better able to make choices for these women than they are for themselves. God help your daughter. Will she grow up believing she is capable of making a single decision on her own?. Now that's a pack of lies. The thing is, abortion should never be an option. It is flat out murder. Pure and simple.
When God Himself calls abortion, "the shedding of innocent blood," there is no so-called "moral dillema." Jeremiah 1:5 states "Before I formed you in the womb I knew you." God, who is omnipresent, omnipotent, and omniscient, knows each and every person He creates in the world. That's why we are in no position to shed innocent blood.
If you don't believe in what The Bible says however?  -Wez Doesn't matter, God hard-wired a concience into all people. When a person becomes so callous that wrong becomes right, then he has killed his concience.
 To Bassman: You coward. It is so easy for you to say what we women ought and ought not to have as an option. Really really damned easy. Not like it will ever realistically affect you. Every time you post your true colors show. You don't give a damn about women. You may care about your mom, sister, wife, daughter - but women in general? We don't even exist to you.  I can just about see abortion in the case of rape or incest or the health of the mother. That's between you folks and God. But let's be clear that the vast majority of abortions are the result of poor decisions, and a great number are due to immoral fornication. If people don't want to get pregnant don't get naked and fornicate. And don't butcher an innocent child because of poor moral behavior. With freedom comes responsibility. And it's irresponsible to saddle society with the costs of federally-covered abortions to make up for illicit behavior. It's one heck of a lousy birth-control method.   p.s. All pro-abortion folks have one thing in common: Their mothers all chose life.
I can just about see abortion in the case of rape or incest or the health of the mother. That's between you folks and God. But let's be clear that the vast majority of abortions are the result of poor decisions, and a great number are due to immoral fornication. If people don't want to get pregnant don't get naked and fornicate. And don't butcher an innocent child because of poor moral behavior. With freedom comes responsibility. And it's irresponsible to saddle society with the costs of federally-covered abortions to make up for illicit behavior. It's one heck of a lousy birth-control method.   p.s. All pro-abortion folks have one thing in common: Their mothers all chose life. As usual EZ, your timing is impeccable.
And men who wish to hold our bodies hostage as you do should not have the option to touch any of us.  Murder is a legal term and abortion does not fall under it.  Are you saying killing is never justified? Self-defense? How about monkey head's war in Iraq? Are you saying women should even lay down their lives for a pregnancy - and even if they were raped?   You coward.  It is so easy for you to say what we women ought and ought not to have as an option. Really really damned easy. Not like it will ever realistically affect you.  Every time you post your true colors show. You don't give a damn about women. You may care about your mom, sister, wife, daughter - but women in general? We don't even exist to you.  No surprise. My family doesn't exist for you either. It amazes me that you see past your narrow vision at all to hold debate with me.  Now, now; no need to get testy, there Your problem is that you can't or won't see past your blind hostility towards those who embrace life.
The irresponsibility then rests with the Federal government. It is the government that decided to cover abortions. I don't care to be paying for abortions with my tax dollars either, however, the government must have seen the need to implement such a program into their Medicaid benefits for the under privileged.  "Illicit behavior" is rarely the cause of choosing abortion. It is a concept generally thrown around by people who normally don't know nor care what they are talking about. Wrong there, Once again I quote Dr. C. Everett Koop, former surgeon general under the Reagan Administration when he said that 95% of all abortions are performed for either birth control, sex selection or convenience.
And how many abortions were federally funded in Koop's day? My impression of Koop was that he wasn't the sharpest pencil in the pocket therefore I rarely find his notions worthy of being credible. A heck of alot sharper the Joycelyn Elders, I'll tell you. I don't want my tax dollars going to fund something that is barbaric and morally reprehensible.
All pro-abortion folks have one thing in common: Their mothers all chose life.   You don't know that. Some may have had an abortion at some point in their life.  I was talking about the ones who are alive who are now pro-abortion. THEIR mother's all chose life in their individual cases.
I found this to be interesting:  Approximately 1,370,000 abortions occur annually in the U.S. according to the Alan Guttmacher Institute.  --88% of abortions occur during the first 6 to 12 weeks of pregnancy. --60% of abortions are performed on women who already have one or more children. --47% of abortions are performed on women who have already had one or more abortions. --43% of women will have had at least one abortion by the time they are 45 years old   Reasons for Abortion:  25.5% of women deciding to have an abortion want to postpone childbearing. 21.3% of women cannot afford a baby. 14.1% of women have a relationship issue or their partner does not want a child. 12.2% of women are too young (their parents or others object to the pregnancy.) 10.8% of women feel a child will disrupt their education or career. 7.9% of women want no (more) children. 3.3% of women have an abortion due to a risk to fetal health. 2.8% of women have an abortion due to a risk to maternal health.  This means that 349,350 abortions are due each year to women wanting to postpone childbearing.  291,810 cannot afford a baby  193,170 abortions are due to a relationship issue, or a partner doesn't want a baby.  167,140 are performed because the mother is too young (parents object)  147,960 abortions are due to the fear that it will disrupt education or a career.  108,230 don't want more children.  45,210 due to risk of fetal health.  38,360 due to risk of maternal health.  It's interesting to see for what reasons women are getting abortions. The number of abortions due to health risks (fetal or maternal) doesn't even add up to the amount people who just...don't want more children. This data was also taken back in 1996, it was the only demographic data I could find...but nonetheless, it's a good demonstration of how many are occuring for what reason.  Info taken from:here
Is the fetus part of your body, and when is it truly not part of your body?  I think I can speak for most if not all of us males on this forum, we are not mysogynistic. I think that hastily classifying us a mysogynistic is a stereotypical generalization of us merely because we have differing views. Tell me please, why is it hateful of women to want to see children being born instead of aborted?
As a male I've observed most pro-life posts on abortion are generally belief system driven. IMO using ancient, mythological belief system standards to deny a personal liberty, a woman's choice, is retrogressive in contemporary society and could easily be construed as hatred (going against antiquated belief system dogma). There are certainly enough posts on this board regarding promises of horrendous evils for not following the direction of various sects to support that observation. Phantos and Easyrider are both right on this. Most abortions occur for the most selfish reasons. This "mythologocal belief 'system'" you talk about is as relevant today as it was when Christ walked the earth. I know that He saw me through some very sticky issues in my life.
If you read the stats in post #61 you'll see that those circumstances are very selfish. As I have said, ad nauseum, there are always better solutions than abortion.
My mother also taught me to be pro-choice.  Don't bring the women in my history into this. You know nothing about them.  My grandmother lived in a time when she did not get a choice - no abortion, no birth control, and no saying "no" to your husband. She lived in a one room shack with a crazy man who abused her and wouldn't work. She raised 11 kids that way. Menopause was probably one of her life's biggest blessings.  My mother gave birth to her third child, who nearly died, and decided she wanted no more children. She could not get birth control or a tubal without my father's consent (a man who would ten years later walk away from his family). My mother's doctor lied to my father for her so she could get her tubes tied.  My mother and her mother did not have a choice. Their bodies were turned over to their husbands and the state and when those men didn't hold to their responsibility these women had to.   They both made it clear to me that ownership of myself and my body is paramount. Even if that means some women will be irresponsible with that freedom. If I am ultimately responsible for what this body produces, I will remain ultimately in charge of it. ALWAYS. And I do not care if that makes some of you boys and your misogynistic wives squirmish. If I have to I'll break any law you throw my way. This body is MINE.  I wish my mother and grandmother had more choice - even if I weren't here.  Bassman - still waiting for you to tell me who this Koop a-hole is that he can deteremine what is and is not mere convenience in the life of total strangers. Dr. Koop is a world-renown pediatrician and knows full well the horrors of abortion.
Thank you.
Stats don't lie. Most abortions occur for birth control, sex selection or because they "choose" not to. For God's sake. Are you that hard-hearted?
That's a civil liberty in a country founded on freedom. What does personal choice regardless of reason have to do with anyone else's opinion and why would it be anyone else's business? "Civil Libery?" Where in the United States Constitution does it say that we have the right to kill our offspring? Is it because children are too burdensome? Is it because we want to further our own careers? Is it because we wanted a boy instead of a girl? What if you decide you don't want it after it's born? Ever take that into account??? How about a "90-day money back guarantee!" "Freedom to choose" my foot!
Using the same logic, then, you're advocating the right to rape, the right to steal, the right to arson, the right to...etc. So what is the difference here?" Well it's my body." <buzz< wrong answer. In this day and age, we've lost the mere concept of duty, loyalty, responsibility, and obligation.
 Which shows an abortion will cause 0.3 deaths per 100,000 carried out in the USA in 1995.  Which shows a term pregnancy poses a 1 in 4085 risk of death over a womans lifetime in industrialised nations in 1995.   So, if we're talking about saving lives here, doesn't it mean that for one life lost, 4,085 lives will be gained opposed to the 100,000.3 deaths abortion causes?
Try staying focused on abortion instead of going off on moralistic tangents; the issue is civil liberty, a woman's right to abort a pregnancy. That is a woman's body and for you or a government to deny her the right to abort is infringing on her individual civil liberty, nothing else.   I suggest you avoid using the word we in a patronizing manner when discussing abortion unless you can conceive, carry to term and give birth. It does create an appearance of substitution to avoid using a subjective I. "Patronizing?" I'm pointing out the flawed logic of your stance.
These statistics are not about "saving lives"- they illustrate that pregnancy carries a much greater risk of death for the mother than an abortion. They show the number of occurences of an event (pregnancy- 4085/abortion- 100000) to yield a certain effect (death of mother as a consequence of pregnancy- 1/abortion- 0.3).  So in answer to your question, no.  Bassman's assertion is abortion is bad because of the risk it poses to the mother- the data does not support that notion and thus the arguement he makes is false.  I see that. But if you look at the statistics as a whole, in which situation are more lives lost?
Using the word we to associate yourself with a theoretic woman's pregnancy while trying to impose your opinion of abortion when you're incapable of pregnancy is blatant patronization. I'm referring to the nation as a whole.  ~we've lost the mere concept of duty, loyalty, responsibility, and obligation.~ That's easy, we need to regain those concepts and apply them into our lives.   And the flaw in civil liberty recognizing a woman's right to abort is? Stay focused, don't drift off into other subjects or moral issues. It's found nowhere in the US Constitution. And yes, it is a serious moral issue because we are talking about life. Not just lives of the unborn, but lives of the women who have been exploited by the abortion industry.
What part of "moral issues of life" don't you get? 50+million unborn children have been legally murdered since the horrendous Roe decision came down. Now, at the risk of sounding like a broken record. We, as a nation have lost all sense of loyalty, duty, responsibility, and obligation and replaced them with so-called "civil liberties." This problem goes way deeper than a woman's "right" to kill her offspring. It is a problem of moral absolutes, or lack thereof.
So, let me get this straight. You're willing to sacrifice our future generations on the altar of "choice?" Sad, very sad!
Women aren't cattle and everything going on in their lives desrves valid consideration when she becomes pregnant. Your demonization and tell nothing stats don't change that and don't help get her issues addressed so she CAN support a pregnancy and possibly a child.  I think Jitobear meant some women aren't cattle. The unborn women (and men for that matter) are cattle because we just slaughter them like it is nothing.
Orphanages around the world, including the US, are jammed with those future generations. Even with a population growth rate of 2% you'll have unwanted future generations running out of your ears. Do you have any adopted children living in your home to justify your opinion, or is that something where the reality of your wallet denies your unrealistic philosophy? You also condemn federal spending on aid to dependent children (welfare), does that mean you help those less fortunate in your community who have children they can't afford to feed with money to support that opinion? Or is your condemnation of a woman's free choice and individual liberty just another bag of antiquated belief system hot air with no contemporary reality? What I condemn is the liberal socialist welfare state that the "free love" of the 60's and 70's helped create. I condemn welfare as a lifestyle into second, third and fourth generations. I condemn the culture of death that permiates society now.
Well, at least she didn't abort the baby......   Police Investigate Infant's Death College Student Discovers Blood In Bathroom ....   UPDATED: 5:48 pm EDT October 4, 2005  OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- A college student led officers Tuesday to the body of her dead newborn girl at the bottom of a storm drain, hours after a roommate reported finding blood in their dorm room and the woman missing, police said.  Police were called to Villa Julie College at about 2:30 a.m. after receiving a call about a missing student, said Sgt. Vickie Warehime, a Baltimore County police spokeswoman. When officers arrived, they found blood in the dorm bathroom and a roommate who was concerned for the safety of the woman.  The 20-year-old student was found at her parents' home in Clinton in Prince George's County at about 8:30 a.m. Police said they spoke to the woman at length, and then she led police to a storm drain about 50 feet from the house, Warehime said. Her parents then took her to a local hospital for a full examination.  It was not clear whether the baby was born alive or stillborn. Authorities said they are still trying to determine how long the baby's body was in the storm drain.  "The investigation into the death of the child is ongoing, pending the results of the autopsy," Warehime said.  Baltimore County police planned to work with Prince George's authorities until the autopsy indicates where the child actually died.  "We do believe that the birth of the child took place here in Baltimore County," Warehime said. "As to the condition of the child at birth and where the child actually died, we have to wait for the autopsy results."  The body was taken to the state medical examiner's office in Baltimore. Police, meanwhile, interviewed students in the dorm and spoke with the woman.  "She has been interviewed," Warehime said. "She's at a local hospital, and the investigation continues."  Baltimore County police said a roommate of the mother heard what sounded like a crying baby in the bathroom of a dorm room she shared with the mother at the college Monday morning at 6:30 a.m., about 20 hours before she discovered the blood in the same bathroom.  A spokesman for the college referred questions to authorities. Give us a follow up if you can. I wanna know if she is gonna go to jail for this.
New York State has that law, also. And I think that it is a good law. The child has a chance at life.
It's not an analogy to the woman's situation, it's based on the principles of universalising ethics: is the discomfort of being plugged in (pregnancy) worse than death?Wouldnt most people choose to be in pain and live? All people make that choice in someway everyday, and i don't think anyone ever said pregnancy was worse then death. If its not analogous to the situation of abortion, why are you bringing it up?
It puts you in the position of both the woman and the violinist. My argument is that you should make moral decisions essentially blind to the difference between yourself and the other person.I agree. God will take care of the baby after it is born, so momentary discomfort is the only issue.   I think making moral decisions blind to the difference between ourselfs and others, not looking to our own interest first is good, but I'm worried it leads to communism, which is bad.  God bless.
some claim it is a full 'person' whose rights must be equally balanced with others'. I was wondering if any pro-choice people could accept such a definition and still support abortion (as in the violinist argument)I think some already said they did. Pro-choice people can do anything.   You make fun of simplicity, but I have God.
Seriously guys, how much longer is this going to go on? Its scary its been this longAre you a Communist Fish?
Are you a Communist Fish?No, really, are you? I was taught that Communism is bad but I don't think Communists are necessarily bad people.  Simone, it is impossible to understand why God does things. We just need to acept that he works in mysterious ways. If he wants a baby to die it is sad but God lets it happen for a reason. We must keep on making babies and not killing fetuses and letting oocytes not become fetuses because otherwise they don't get a chance to live at all.  I didn't mean to make you upset. I'm sorry. You've been pretty nice to me.
Is this child alive or not?
Looks to me that since only the baby's hand is outside of the womb, then only the hand has an element of personhood, but the rest of the body does not. Obviously. I mean, it makes sense. Personhood is determined by where you live of course.  Interesting point of view. Insurance companies could have a field day with it. They could argue that they needn't pay for treatment for things like tapeworms because life can't exist inside the human body. This also means that all laws that consider the killing of a pregnant woman to be a double murder need to be stricken since the fetus is not a person. As a minimum the laws should be consistent, shouldn't they?
Interesting point of view. Insurance companies could have a field day with it. They could argue that they needn't pay for treatment for things like tapeworms because life can't exist inside the human body. This also means that all laws that consider the killing of a pregnant woman to be a double murder need to be stricken since the fetus is not a person. As a minimum the laws should be consistent, shouldn't they?  oh you can take it farther then this guys.
oh you can take it farther then this guys. So what's your opinion, is this child alive or not? If enough people agree that it's not, then cases like Scott Peterson's can be overturned.
So what's your opinion, is this child alive or not? If enough people agree that it's not, then cases like Scott Peterson's can be overturned.  oh, I think the child was alive long before that photo.   But who cares about the child being a person anyway? We should be able to kill people that we feel are below us...like blacks, jews, or women. emoticon_rolleyes  (note: I am obviously not serious in this last paragraph)
There are two primary pro-choice arguments: 1. The fetus is not a person. 2. The fetus is a person, but the mother isn't required to keep them alive.  Why I believe both are not justifications for abortion:  1. The first argument can never be proven. We all know this debate to be a slippery slope in either direction. Any attempt to define a clear starting point for personhood appears arbitrary. If you have debated abortion before, you know this to be true. If the argument can never be proven either way, the morally correct thing to do is to not abort, avoiding the risk of committing murder, which I believe is greater than the risk of denying women the ability to avoid an inconvenience, particularly because a pregnancy does not just jump out of the blue.  2. If there is no obligation to keep the child alive, then a mother should be allowed to leave her baby stranded in the middle of nowhere. Clearly, it is immoral for a parent to leave their 14 month old child in the middle of nowhere to die. However, if this is acceptable, then what about leaving it in a dangerous jungle? What about leaving it floating on an inflatable raft in the middle of the ocean? There is a slippery slope here, as well, that lends itself to allowing a parent to leave their child to die in virtually any setting. However, one might argue that the parent is merely allowed to withdraw their services, but they cannot go out of their way to put the child in danger (i.e. floating on a raft). If this is the case, then what if the mother is on vacation, floating on a raft with her baby, and decides she is tired of taking care of it. What obligation does she have to bring the baby back with her? Now it only matters where the parent is when they make their decision to no longer care for their child, and the slippery slope appears all over again. We end up with a society that allows mothers to leave babies lying around to die in any precarious situation imaginable.
There is already a recent topic about this...can we get this thread mergered to the other one?
Oliphant:  There are two primary positions, but they are the following:  1. A government has the right to impose compulsory gestation and forced parturition on women. 2. A government does not have the right to impose compulsory gestation and forced parturition on women.  I would say we see it a bit different...  1. The government has a the right to stop one human from killing another 2. The government does not have the right to stop one human from killing another
One more who avoids the question. so said the pot
One more who avoids the question.  I actually looked in this whole thread and did not find a question mark typed by you.   Why not just admit it, and move on? You think the government has the right to impose mandantory gestation and forced childbirth whereas others, like myself, think/know that women have the right to make a decision about what to do with the human growing inside her? Can you just admit that you feel the need to rank humans like Hitler did?
considering some of you other posts in other threads....this is the ot calling the kettle pink!  no, because I don't really think Bell is like Hitler...however, if she wishes to make crazy statements that misrepresent my position then I can do the same.  Pro-choicers seem to always be about the women and never realize that there is another human present. Pro-lifers get that there are two parties involved and that a conflict arises between the two. Pro-choicers want to give no say to the unborn (as they don't realize he/she is there) but rather have the women decide the conflict...or rather get it her way. The pro-lifers say "wait a minute"...the baby has every right the women has. Above all they both have the right to live (as no right can really come about if you don't have a right to life). So to be fair, I would think they each have a 50/50 say in the matter.  You ever think what the child might want? What if in some weird way the child could have learned how to speak while in the womb...would this make a difference to you if the child in the womb said he/she wanted to live? To a pro-choicer it shouldnt.
AWOOOOGAH!  AWOOOOGAH!  Hypocrisy alert!  :)  Yeah I agree 100% which is why I wrote it. Bell was being hypocritical writting that so I thought I would post something in the same manner...glad you all agree her statement is whacked out.
I beg your pardon, I didn't know Hitler had an abortion.  P.S. Godwin's law. You lose.  I just decided to make a strawman like you did. You lose? emoticon_rolleyes Grow up
I didn't make a strawman, I stated facts. Please reread my previous post. And yes, under Godwin's law, you lose the argument. Why do you respond with emotionally charged comments instead of answering the questions? I'm actuallly on here to learn something, not to insult people that don't agree with me. You and I have had this happen before where you jump to defensiveness where it is not needed.  Do you have a response for my last post? How was I hypocritical, and how did I misrepresent your position?  If you didn't mean to misrepresent me then I am sorry.  However, stating "You think the government has the right to impose mandantory gestation and forced childbirth " is emotionally charged and thus can become a strawman just like being comparing your view to Hitler. Your comment is not a fair representation of the pro-life message. Could you state it like you did? I suppose so, but then I can state your message as ranking humans like Hitler did. While accurate it doesn't really protray the actual view very well and it comes across is a wrong way.
But Steeeeve, isn't one of the consequences of the pro-life, anti-abortion position mandantory gestation and forced childbirth? I will answer with what I JUST wrote.  Your comment is not a fair representation of the pro-life message. Could you state it like you did? I suppose so, but then I can state your message as ranking humans like Hitler did.  and we could say that one consequence of pro-choice is to force the ranking of human life just like we did in the 1800s and what Hitler did to the Jews.
Steeeeve:  What you wrote was: "...stating "You think the government has the right to impose mandatory gestation and forced childbirth " is emotionally charged and thus can become a strawman just like being comparing your view to Hitler." Do you consider that an answer to the question: "...isn't one of the consequences of the pro-life, anti-abortion position mandatory gestation and forced childbirth?"  huh? Lets try again.    I will answer with what I JUST wrote. Your comment is not a fair representation of the pro-life message. Could you state it like you did? I suppose so, but then I can state your message as ranking humans like Hitler did.      and we could say that one consequence of pro-choice is to force the ranking of human life just like we did in the 1800s and what Hitler did to the Jews.
Steeeeve:  So, I was correct all along, you side stepped the question and the issue as the whether one of the consequences of the pro-life, anti-abortion position is mandatory gestation and forced childbirth. No problem. It is typical of pro-life anti-abortion proponents.  I'm not sure how else you could answer it. The fact that you fail to see this is your own fault. A typical pro-choice pro-abortion way of doing things I suppose emoticon_rolleyes   Lets try a third. You could state a consequence of pro-life as saying forced childbirth much the same way you could state pro-choice as forced human ranking like what Hitler did.  Maybe this time you won't be so arrogant
How is this statement: "You think the government has the right to impose mandantory gestation and forced childbirth" emotionally charged? Isn't that exactly what anti-choice people work for? Isn't that exactly what will happen if the anti-choice sentiments make it into law?  On the other hand, I, as a pro-choice person, do not work for "ranking humans as Hitler did". That is the emotional response. If you want to go head to head with facts, you'd be better off with a statement like "you (I) believe that women have the right to kill their offspring as they grow inside of them". I would go along with this, as would (I think) almost every pro-choice person.  I could give you an example of an emotionally charged statement that is anti-choice in nature, but they involve cattle and deities and all kinds of stuff we've heard before. :) I'm trying to avoid it.  It is emotional to say "government forcing..." because you are trying to make pro-life something it is not. THe whole purpose of you stating it the way you did was to get an emotional response. The fact that you think it is just about having the government force things upon people shows that you don't get our position. I really mean this too. If anything, atleast understand our position as I try to understand yours. I realize your position is not all about "ranking people" but if I did then this would show how I don't understand your postition at all. Perhaps you would like me to PM you what pro-life is really about.
Still avoiding the question. No problem.  You are avoiding the question Howard, not me. Why don't you answer it already and stop being a hypocrite.
Symbiote: With all due respect, I find this sort of silly. What you are saying is that, because abortion is correct, and the logic that allows it (under supposition #2) leads to the allowance of leaving babies stranded to die, then leaving babies stranded to die must be allowable. However, which do you think is a more defensible argument: That leaving babies to die is wrong, or that aborting a fetus is not wrong?  Unkerpaulie: We aren't debating current law. Similarly, I could turn the tables by assuming abortion was illegal, and then say to you that aborting a fetus is ridiculous because the mother could always go through with the birth and give it up for adoption. Your response would be that she is being forced to carry it against her will. Well, similarly, in your argument, she is forced to put her unwanted child up for adoption against her will, because all she really wants to do is leave it sitting where it is.  Also, after stating "clearly this is immoral" I stated "however, if this were allowable" because I anticipated your response. Please read more carefully.  Sigma: Can people make mistakes? I argue that they can. Could SCOTUS be incorrect in their interpretation? Could the Constitution be faulty? But the fact of the matter is that I do mean morally, as I suppose you mean the word. And yet you state that morals cannot be proven. How is it, then, that I should not kill you? I do not believe that I should, even in the absence of repercussions, do you? Is it because an imperfect document created by imperfect people said so? Is this what you worship?  Prove it? If every time I toss a penny out of my 40th story penthouse in NYC, I may be killing someone, the morally correct thing to do would be not to toss any pennies.  Yes, it must be technically illegal to be labeled "murder" by the law. However, is everything that is legal also right?  No, I wouldn't say you WILL be denying women anything. Women have a choice in getting pregnant. But even without that glaring fact, forcing a woman to go through with birth is so absolutely miniscule compared to ending a living human being's life, that our current ignorance and inability to prove the matter either way puts the responsibility on our shoulders to not tolerate abortion.  As for your last response: With any amount of reasonable effort, a woman can avoid getting pregnant in the first place. To abort is to ignore the myriad of options open to a woman who is not ready to have a child. But, even the act of calling this argument disingenuous is to proclaim ignorance of its logic, which, though sound, is not mine, but other pro-choicer's.
Isn't that the result of the pro-life movement ("gov't imposing...") ? And no, the whole purpose of stating it that way was not to get an emotional response. It is factual and what will happen if anti-choice gets it's way.   I understand that that is not what the anti-choice/pro-life movement is about, it's about preserving life, but that is the end result regardless. Just like the pro-choice view isn't about killing feti, it's about choice, but that is the end result regardless. No one 'wins'.  You are more than welcome to PM, but I think others would benefit from hearing your points as well. Thanx! :)  Well if you want the end result of pro-life to be "government imposing" then my end result for pro-chioce will be ranking humans like Hitler did. Your end result will always be ranking one human over another.  Its because his position poses unpleasant consequences on certain people.... I guess he is unwilling to acknowledge such negativity can be associated with the pro-life viewpoint.  But why do I have accept the consequences of my position but you don't have to accept yours? You want the government to support the killing of innocent humans and you want the government (and others) to rank peoples worth. I've accepted my strawman consequence..will you do the same?
Brilliant tactic, Steeeeve, you don't ask anything and then you accuse people of not answering the never-asked question... all the while you are running from the fact that you are the one who did not anwer the question asked of you. I have been on this merry-go-round with you before. I pose the question again.  Do you believe that a government should impose compulsory gestation and forced parturition?  I love to see you twist and turn and avoid. It is great entertainment.  Sorry Mr. Beale, this will be the FOURTH time I have answered this question. You accuse me of not "ask(ing) anything and then you accuse people of not answering the never-asked question" but you did the same thing One more who avoids the question.http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=175733&postcount=9 However, before this there was neither a question by you nor a question by ANYONE but me in the second post on this thread. Stop lying to us Beale and get your facts straight.  So for the fourth time I will answer the question (which was asked four different ways), a consequence of pro-life would be for the government (for the most part) to force the mother not to kill her own child.  Lets recap how many times I have said this: 1)"Could you state it like you did? I suppose so" http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=175936&postcount=21 2)http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=175980&postcount=23 3) http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=175990&postcount=25 4) "You could state a consequence of pro-life as saying forced childbirth" http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=176014&postcount=28  So it seems you are being somewhat of a liar to say I never answered the question that was asked some 3-4 different ways. If you ask me again I will not answer because I believe I have spent enough time explaining how I have. If you are too ignorant to see that, then it's your own fault.
Steeeeve:  Because that is what grownups do, Steeeeve, accept the consequences of our words and actions. We don't avoid the hard questions, we face them and address them.  Look as you selectivly quoting again.  I want everyone to how you mis-represent just about everything...  But why do I have accept the consequences of my position but you don't have to accept yours?   But why do I have accept the consequences of my position  Besides the disregard for forum rules, you are just flat out lying. And once again, you "avoid the question"   I hope my fellow forum posters will read this and realize that mis-quoting is wrong and I hope they will condemn what you do.
As far as calling me a liar on numerous occasions Well if the shoe fits....  You mis-quote me, say I didn't answer question, and misrepresent my position. That qualifies as a liar to me (but I am not going to say you are one). Not only this, but it looks hypocritical if you are not answering any of my questions.  I will ask it again.   Do you believe in ranking humans like Hitler?
Grownups take responsibility whether others do or not. That was the point of my quoting you and my response. I quoted the only relevant phrase, "But why do I have accept the consequences of my position" the 'but' doesn't matter. Grownups accept the consequences of their positions no ifs, ands, or buts.   As far as calling me a liar on numerous occasions, I suggest you stop slandering me.  You broke the rules of misquoting. You just make yourself look hypocritical when you say I should accept my consequences and yet you refuse to.   Do not exaggerate or misrepresent other user's post.
I never said that so I never thought you were posing the question to me, Steeeeve. The answer is No. I repeat No.  When I ask someone to repeat the question it is usually because I missed it in the postings or didn't understand it.  So you admit that when you said   One more who avoids the question. http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=175733&postcount=9  You really didn't know if I was avoiding the question or rather missed it/misunderstood it?    You're use of the word liar is a personal attack and should stop. I quote what you said that I responded to. I clarified it in an additional post at your request. Your tactic of personal attack to distract from the weakness of some of your positions won't work Steeeeve. It is very transparent. And before you start accusing me again, why not ask pertinent questions or make substantive statements and request replies? If you admit that you did not intend to misrepresent my post then in my next post I will correct myself in saying you were mistaken and not lying. However, there is a difference when someone says "I don't believe I should have to accept the consequences of my position " and "why should I have accept the consequences of my position when you don't do the same yourself". The second implies that the other person is making a double standard and does not imply (or say) that I don't believe I should accept the consequences of my position. You clearly made it seem like I don't believe in accepting the consequences of my position and thus it seemed to purposly mispresent my position..or lie as it is commonly called. If you can't see how it is twisting the facts then maybe you shouldn't be posting on these forums.
I believe Steeeeve has reached the same conclusion I have, which is that a mother should not be allowed to kill her child, but should be allowed to remove it from the womb and allow it to die of natural causes.  well no, but that seems like a more logical position to take.
At your request I clarified my statement. At your request I will clarify further by stating I did not intend, nor did I try to misrepresent your post.  Will you apologize for slandering me by calling me a liar?  It would be nice for you to re-quote me in previous posts...but since you say you did not try to misrepresent me, I will take your word on this and apologize for assuming you were lying.
 Because something is legal does not make it right. And because it is illegal does not make it wrong. And because it is wrong does not mean it should be illegal. Legality and morality are separate.   Then tell me: Exactly what do we as a people base our laws on, if not our morals? I'm very curious to know, since these two ideas are completely seperate.
I think we base them on our innate understanding of our shared human foibles and experience. Before Moses and Abraham, before Lao-tse, before recorded time, humans existed in groups. To live together as a group, the individuals of the group needed to conform to behaviors acceptable to the group. Stray to far from those accepted behaviors and there were consequences. The accepted behaviors were the earliest "laws" and the consequence of not conforming was the earliest "punishment".  And what was the common thread that made some behaviors accepted, and others unaccepted?
In addition to my other response (post #57), I'd like to add this:   In what way do you mean SCOTUS could be incorrect and the Constitution faulty? Do you mean, contrary to your beliefs?   Is contrary to my beliefs the only way you can imagine me finding them faulty? I suspect that you are nodding your head, yes. Well, is that because the only way I could possibly find fault in it is by not believing in it? Similarly to how the only way you could find fault in my religious beliefs is by not believing in them? You seem to think of the Constitution as a religion, something to be believed or not. (This makes your "morals are seperate from law" argument wholly ironic, to say the least.) But if the Constitution is something to simply be believed or not, like a religion, then what bearing does it have in our discussion? Clearly it is as changeable a device as any religious code, if not more so.  You see, I think of the Constitution as a logical document that follows from a few very simple principles, but I'm waiting for you to arrive at that conclusion yourself before I bring them up.   No, a woman does not. Choosing to have sex does not equal choosing to become pregnant. A woman has no control over that portion.   Please provide some evidence to the statement that "a women has no control over [becoming pregnant]" when choosing to have sex. Thank you.
Possibly variations or evolutions of instincts modified or affected by experience or learned behaviors. In one group the acceptable might be completely different than in another. For instance one group might accept polygamy, another might not. One group might accept bisexuality another might not. One group might live in fear of the dark so they built up taboos about night behaviors another might have lived by the ocean and have different taboos. There is a lot of theorizing, and there are some interesting theories and hypotheses out there. Raine Eisler presents some interesting variations on this in her book "Sacred Pleasures" as does Margaret Meade in many of her books and Friedrich Hayek. Once you move beyond a few generally accepted ideas like these, you get into a very esoteric discourse that I think would only interest avid scholars of the subject.  But you've stilled dodged my question. Differences in cultures are fine. What I'm asking you is what common thread causes a behavior to be acceptable in a given culture. I understand that different cultures reach different conclusions on what is and is not acceptable. But inside each culture, what is their reason for allowing any particular behavior? After you've answered that question, you might take it a step further and imagine what a member of that culture might tell you if you could somehow ask them why a certain action was allowed, particularly an action that might seem foreign to either of us. What would the tribesman tell you? Do me the favor of pondering it.
Laws allow us to live as a community without interfering with each other's lives unduly.  Thanks, but I did not ask what laws allow us to do. I asked what we base those laws, which allow us to do these things, on.  No, I simply do not know what you mean by "the Constitution is faulty". Faulty in what way?   If "contrary to my beliefs" is not the only way you can imagine me finding the Constitution faulty, then please give me an example of another way I might find it faulty. Let's see if you're being genuine.  Laws in general require a general belief to have any effect; if no one enforces them, if no one believes in them then they are worth about as much as the paper they're printed on. I'm not sure that is what you meant, however.  You maintain that a law must be believed to be enforced. Believed by who? The people that it is being forced upon, or the people doing the forcing? If a law is believed only by the people doing the forcing, then does this law-creating logic of yours tell you that the law should still exist?  Only if you draw an equivalence between laws based on logic/reason and morals based on religious dogma. On one hand we (supposedly) weigh pros and cons of a certain law, debate it between various factions, change it based on input recieved and eventually put it in the books. On the other hand, religious dogma is based on... the word of God? Logic and reason does not enter into that.  I'm still waiting for a clear articulation of the "logic of law."  Oh, right, I forgot about Astrological Fertility Control. That must be what you are refering to. Tell me, if a woman can control whether or not she becomes pregnant when she has sex, why is there such a thing as a birth control pill?  And, if you would, tell me what myriad of options are open to a women when she is pregnant. I can only find two: continue or abort. It is impossible to find another to care for the fetus early in the pregnancy, no matter what effort she makes.   The birth control pill exists because someone thought it up, created it, and now make money off of their invention. If your asking what options are available to a women who wants to have sex without a pregnancy, here is a small list: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contraceptive#Modern_birth_control_methods Note that there are options other than waiting to become pregnant and then aborting.  The point, of course, is that once a woman is pregnant, she has made her choice. There are no new answers, because the question has already been asked, and she (and her mate) have already answered it.
 Forced upon? Do you mean those who break it, or everyone who is a part of the community?   I mean to everyone who is part of the community. If the law is forced upon all in the community, against there will, then do you believe that the law ought to exist?  I gave you the reason laws exist. There is a need for standard rules for us to live in a community, and laws are those rules. They are based on what allow us to live together without interfering with one another.  Yet again you will not tell me. But then, later on, you let it slip:  ...and the general welfare is the reason for the law.  Let's look at arguably the most important part of the Constitution:  We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.  So finally, the set of principles that the Constitution falls upon reveal themselves. And I'm glad you agree.  Now that we have a set of chief principles to rely on, we don't even need to think about what is moral or not. For our purposes, these principles ARE what we might call our "legal morals." In any case, all law should certainly support them.  Now, back to me finding the Constitution faulty. The fact of the matter is that I do not find the Constitution itself at fault, but in some cases I find fault with those who apply it to specifics. In essence, the fault lies where its principles are not adhered to.  Now that we agree that the general welfare is our primary concern, we need to find out whether or not a fetus' ought to be incorporated into that welfare. This analysis ought not include other lawmaker's interpretation of the Constitution, because we already know that they can make mistakes and fail to properly adhere to its principles. In order to determine if abortion promotes the general welfare, we must determine for ourselves if the fetus deserves consideration. Tell me, Sigma, who is it that ought to have the authority to determine whether or not a fetus should be incorporated into the term "general welfare?" If you still want to say "lawmakers," then you are branding them with a priest-like sanctity, indeed you are telling me that they are capable of defining even life. We know that the general welfare is what we want, and we know that it is the lawmaker's job to ensure that. How then does he know if the welfare of the fetus ought to be taken into account? How is it that two different lawmakers can possibly disagree on the issue, given the clear principles of the Constitution, even if both are atheists?   Consenting to sex is consenting to sex, it is consenting to nothing else.  Is this true of all cause/effect relationships in life? Or is sex and fertility somehow protected in a field of its own?
For the record, to those others who I was engaged in:  I feel that my last post, regarding the fact that our society holds the overriding principles of the Constitution to be its guide in terms of lawmaking (where morals might otherwise be said to stand), adequetly answers your posts. I would address your posts separately but I do not have the time. I hope that you see what I am getting at, regardless.  Also, Howard, I did not mean that as an attack.
Law is not forced upon the general community, they are willing participants in promoting the law. If this were not true, laws would not be enforced. Unless the minority oppress the majority, but we are speaking more broadly and this is not the case generally.  In the case of abortion, the argument can certainly be made that the law is being forced upon the general community. After all, every single person who is conceived in our country must undertake the chance of being aborted. They have not voted on casting the dice in this manner.  Primary concern? It is one concern, certainly, though another is the preservation of freedom and rights.  When I said general welfare is our primary concern, I meant the principles of the preamble in general, for the sake of not retyping all of them. Next time I will be more specific.  The Constitution itself.  Everything below the preamble is meant to follow the principles stated within the preamble. If something stated in the Constitution does not support the preamble, then clearly it should not have been written there. So, if you allow that the constitution both states the principles, and applies them without the "check" of the preamble, then you are allowing for gross contradictions and a broken Constitution, because its stated principles are arbitrary and do not need to be followed. There was a time when blacks were not legally considered citizens. How is it that the all-powerful Constitution, both container and applicator of our nation's principles, was wrong in not including blacks as citizens? The reason was, at the heart of the matter, because not defining blacks as citizens did not support the intent of the Constitution (i.e. the Preamble). Do you agree that the Constitution was contradicting itself before the definition was changed?  No, it applies to all legal behavior (at least, that I can think of). Even if one was irresponsible, one does not forfeit the ability to change unpleasant consequences if one wishes to and is able to.  Oh? Even if it hurts someone else?
in the case of abortion, both the fetus' and the mother's welfare is in the balance. one must be sacrificed in order to promote the welfare of the other. so how do you determine the morality? Well, because we are talking about "balance," as you say, and general welfare, then we must come to a compromise (if we cannot come to a consensus). I maintain that the compromise is NOT the death of one so that the other is not inconvenienced. Do you really believe that that is a balance?  What if abortion worked this way: Any mother who attempted to abort was immediately seized, forced to go through with her abortion, and then killed after so that her child was not "shamed" by the existence of an "unloving parent." This would be a total 180 degree spin from our current system, and I do not believe that it is any more imbalanced than our system today. Indeed, both are way off, because no one needs to die at all.
This is not the case. Which law is this that is forced upon the general community in the case of abortion?  In our case it is the definition of a fetus as a non-citizen. This is indeed law. Because of it, any person conceived in our nation may be immediately wiped out without their consent.  And if there is a conflict between these principles? Who resolves these?  If you know of an applicable conflict between the principles of the preamble, then by all means state it and I'll answer.  You could make a case that it was morally wrong, but it was not contradictory with the preamble. It is similar to stating a relationship between variables, then defining those variables. The preamble was intended to apply to America, and blacks were defined as not part of America. If this is your stance, then I have to ask how it is that blacks became eligible to fall under the preamble at all, ever?  The original action or changing of one's consequences? Can you give me an example?  Is one, under law, able to change the consequences of their actions even if changing those consequences hurts someone else.   It shouldn't be my job to provide you an example, since the whole idea of altering the consequences of our actions is completely bizarre and makes little sense to me. If you can provide an example, besides abortion, where a person changes the negative direct consequences of their actions to be "non-negative," then I will do my best to provide an example of how that might hurt someone else.
Oliphant:  Your last post makes little sense.  I was merely trying to help some people here "think outside the box." Our conventional way of thinking is that either the fetus dies and the mother lives, or both live.  My point was that people tend to think that we have to find some balance between letting the mother have "all her rights" and killing the child, or letting the child live and taking some of the mother's rights. Their problem is that there is no "between ground" for these two choices.  However, the concept of killing a child for an arguably unnatural "right" of the mother can be just as bizarre as the concept of killing the mother for an unnatural "right" of the child: the right to exist without a rejecting mother. So, in a land we can only presently imagine, mothers might be killed for attempting to abort (only after being forced to see the pregnancy through). It is simply illustrating the opposite of killing the fetus and allowing the mother to live. Killing the mother and allowing the fetus to live is a third option that society could choose to implement, and many people never even think of it because it seems so bizarre to those living in pro-abortion countries.  Conclusively, the in-between ground would be allowing both to live, because neither of the other two options really make intuitive or logical sense.
This is not a law, however. No legislation is created, it is merely an interpretation of an already existing law (the Constitution), and no matter the interpretation it would apply to all who the Constitution affects. This is hardly the imposition you suggest. I notice you did not respond to me pointing out outlawing abortion would be a literal imposition of law.  The interpretation of a law is the law. A law stating that injuring another with no reason is illegal, is also stating that stabbing a person, kicking them, and hitting them with a bat are illegal. These actions are thus against the law. Hence, that a person may be killed after conception is part of our law precisely because of the way it is interpreted.  I didn't respond because a law stating that I can't hit a random citizen in the face with a baseball bat is also a literal imposition of law. The point is moot. And if your response is that hitting a person in the face is not an "imposition" because the law is agreed on by many, then you are only saying that it is a popular law. Popularity has nothing to do with justice (see Preamble), hence, again, the point is moot.  The pro-life stance contends that the fetus has a right to life, while the woman has a right to freedom. These conflict in the case of abortion, so who would resolve this issue?  Both have a right to life and freedom. Let's say that I do not like to have to look at people when I go to the store. So, when I go to the store, I kill them. I have freedoms, don't I? You see, it is not a case of who has freedom and who doesn't, but a case of when our "freedoms" impinge on another person's rights. Abortion is a textbook case. A women's supposed freedom impinges on the rights of the infant, thus it ought not be a freedom at all.  This is not my stance, it is simple fact. Blacks didn't "become" eligible, they are eligible by the definition of eligibility. This was modified by an amendment, if I remember correctly, defining them as less than a person.  Ok, so now you are telling me that blacks became affected, we'll call it, by the preamble due to an amendment. That amendment was passed by a handful of old men. So, now we see that it is not the Constitution, as you said before, that is the all-powerful decider of citizenship, but Congress. What gives these old men the authority to determine who should and who should not be affected by the principles of the preamble?  I said:   If you can provide an example, besides abortion, where a person changes the negative direct consequences of their actions to be "non-negative," then I will do my best to provide an example of how that might hurt someone else.  You said:   You know that you have a chance to get hit by a bus when you cross the street. Taking a step out into the street is tacit acknowledgement that you may indeed be hit. You can take steps to avoid being hit, being careful and the like, but the fact remains that you may be hit by the bus each and every time you cross the street. And, since you acknowledge that this is a possibility, you should not recieve medical attention since you need to accept the consequences of your actions, isn't that right?  The example you wanted:  Ok, now let's say you ran out into the street, and did not take all the "necessary precautions." Let's say that the person driving the vehicle, upon hitting you, swerved into a light pole and was hurt far worse. Let's say there is only one doctor, and if he stops working on the driver to help you, then the driver will die. In this case you should NOT receive the medical attention, at least not now, because to do so would cause the driver much greater loss than it would cause you.  This example is synonymous with abortion. Both the driver and the fetus had no choice but to be in the situation that the mother/uncareful street-crosser put them in. Because of this, the person who put them in their situation may need to hold off on "altering their consequences" because it hurts the person whom they put in the situation far worse.
Um, the conceptus, the fertilized egg has the ability to vote? It is precisely the point that it cannot.
why is it moral to be abstenant or use contraceptives and prevent a life from being born, but it is immoral to have an abortion to prevent a life from being born? Read through all of my other posts on this thread, because, and this may sound surprising, but that is the issue we are debating. I'm not going to retype everything on this thread for you. Please reread the thread in its entirety and address a more specific point that is currently on the table.
Except that an interpretation of an already existing law is not making a law to impose upon people...  The law of the land is the interpretation of the written laws of that land. So, altering the intepretation of the law is altering the law. Hence, if I alter the interpretation of citizenship, I am altering the law of the land. Notice that I never said that the fact that a person may die upon conception is necessarily written law, all I said was that it is indeed law.  It is not. There is currently no imposition of law in regards to abortion (except perhaps on State legislatures), and you propose an imposition of law on citizens. You oppose what you believe is an imposition of law, yet you propose your own?  All law is imposed, in some sense. You'll have to define what makes a law "an imposition law" before I can respond adequately.  A few things, Oliphant.  First, where did this right to life come from? Life is not a principle of the Preamble while freedom is, so what basis do you have for even stating there is a conflict?  We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.  One of the Blessings of Liberty is living. Do you disagree?  Second, flip your example around. In the case where the fetus impinge upon a person's rights (the woman's), the fetus should not have rights. The fetus has no right to life, while the woman still has the right to freedom. In fact, the fetus is not eligible for any rights, but that's besides the point for this point.  But the fetus did not ask to be in the situation, the parents put it there. Therefore, the fetus is free of all blame; thus free of the death penalty.  Thirdly, I did not ask what the solution should be, I asked who resolves it.  There is nothing to resolve because there is no conflict any more than there is a conflict between my desire to kill people and their right to not be killed. The conflict is inherently ridiculous.  I said:  Ok, so now you are telling me that blacks became affected, we'll call it, by the preamble due to an amendment.  You said:  No, I am telling you they were prevented from receiving rights because of an amendment, if I remember correctly.  I would like to know the difference in meaning between these two statements, if you don't mind, so that I may better understand your position.  The Constitution gives Congress that power.  You tell me that the Constitution defines citizenship, based on its amendments and whatnot, and that these amendments come from Congress, who gets its power from the Constitution. So, if all power stems from the Constitution, then it seems to all stem from the founding fathers. Am I correct? The power had to come from somewhere, and if you continue to fall back on the Constitution, you inevitably fall back on the founding fathers.  Nice try, except you're wrong. The triage principle is that, in a case where two people may die, the person most likely to survive with help is worked on first, not the least likely. Similarly, in a situation where both woman and fetus would die, the woman is saved first.  Actually, if you read what I wrote, there was no such statement about one person being "more likely to survive" than the other. I never even indicated that the street-crosser was at any risk of death, all that I indicated was that the street-crosser was injured, which does not imply a life-threatening incident, nor do I know where you got that it did. In addition, I stated that the driver would only survive if the doctor gave him/her total attention; I did not say that their chances of survival were heightened or lessened, he either will die, or will not.  Also, in a situation where only the driver may die, you yourself can find help for yourself without any negative consequences to the driver. There is no connection or dependence between you and the driver. The driver receiving medical care does not preclude you receiving it, just not from that doctor and one does not have the right to care from any particular doctor. Your rights are not forfeit for his, as is the case in forced pregnancy.  The scenario was that there is only one doctor. Hence, there is nothing you can do but "suck it up," as they say.  Except the driver being in that situation does not affect your rights. Whether the driver lives or dies does not affect your rights and you can seek care on your own without the driver being a part of it. If the doctor needed your kidney or blood in order to save the driver, then it would be more analogous. As it stands, it is a very poor analogy.  Seek care? Read what I wrote: there is only one doctor.
i read through the entire thread, including all 16 of your posts. not once did you address the morality of contraception. you discussed the origins of law, and the morality of leaving a child to die. you brought also up the core of the constitution. in the one post you touched on birth control, all you said on it was that they existed because someone thought them up. this does not address the question i asked.  if for some reason i missed the post in which you addressed this, i apologize, and i would appreciate it if youd point it out. otherwise, heres the question again:  why is it moral to be abstenant or use contraceptives and prevent a life from being born, but it is immoral to have an abortion to prevent a life from being born?  I'll try to summarize based on what I said in post #1: It is immoral to abort because you may be committing murder. No one has a monopoly on truth, so we will never know. But the risk itself is inherently immoral. If you would like to make the argument that the fetus could be called a person but abortion would still be wrong, please refer back to post #1 and subsequent posts, where that issue is more thoroughly addressed.  These other avenues of "preventing life" are not immoral because there is no possible way that you are actively taking someone's life when you participate in them. Conception has not occurred, so we know with certainty that the criteria for personhood, whatever they are, have not been met.
You said: In the case of abortion, the argument can certainly be made that the law is being forced upon the general community. There is no such law being forced upon the community that was not in place before (in fact, there are fewer laws). There was a State law imposed upon the community, but the older law of the Constitution over-rode that law and removed it.  I do not believe that what matters here is the number of written laws, per se. What matters is the interpretation of all those laws combined, and the overall effects they have on the nation. Bear with me for a quick illustration: Let's say an entire nation is composed of one family, with one woman and one man (and we'll say a grandmother, to allow for 2 to 1 decisions). If the woman was pro-choice, and the family agreed to allow abortion, then anyone conceived in that nation would be subject to the death penalty. The laws of the land, whether you view them as restrictive or not, allow for such behavior. Let's say she decides to abort her first (would be) born. Did the aborted have a say in the law? Certainly not. Hence, those things which the laws "allow," were forced upon him without his input in shaping the laws of the land. Now lets reverse it and pretend a one-nation family is pro-life. The woman conceives, wants to abort, but cannot. She gives birth, and the baby lives. Here, no law has been imposed on the community, because everyone that the law takes "freedoms" from is able to fairly participate in the forming of the laws of the land.  If you alter the interpretation of citizenship (how in heavens name would you do this, anyway? It is pretty straightforward), you would indeed alter the law but would not be imposing any laws that were not imposed already. Only if you actually rewrote the citizenship requirement could you make that argument.  What do you mean we would alter the law but not be imposing any laws that were not imposed already? Sorry, but I'm lost on this point.  A new law that comes into effect that is imposed upon the community. You are correct that all law is imposed, our disagreement is if an interpretation (even a new interpretation) is a new law.  I am not saying that it is a new law. I'm simply saying that it is new law. Period.  Yes. Liberty is free from someone else doing something to you. It could be interpreted as freedom from being killed, but not a right to be living. There is no right to life in the Preamble.  So are you now arguing that a fetus is not yet alive in the first place? Because, if it is alive, then it should have the right to not be killed. If it is not alive, then I'll allow that you may be correct in saying that it does not have a right to become living.  Regardless of whether or not the fetus asked to be there, it's presence does impinge upon the woman's rights. Not knowing that does not negate this fact.  If the woman put the fetus there, how are her rights being impinged? She put it there. Let's say I latch my one year old son's wrist to mine with some sturdy handcuffs to which there is no key. Now he is a real nuisance, and I'd rather not deal with dragging his weight around any longer, so I smash him to a pulp against a wall until he breaks apart and I don't have to drag him around any longer. His presence was impinging on my rights, even though I put him there, so I am justified in this behavior, correct?  lol. Quite a dance you're doing here. There is indeed a conflict in this example. Who resolves the conflict of abortion, Oliphant?  The "conflict" of abortion is as ridiculous as the conflict of my son and I after I latch his wrist to mine. My son's liberties include not being murdered, like anyone in the womb.  You said: Ok, so now you are telling me that blacks became affected, we'll call it, by the preamble due to an amendment which is not true. They did not become affected through the amendment, they were prevented from being affected through the amendment.  Ok...  This is becoming a bit esoteric. The founding fathers have no power to make decisions anymore, so the current power cannot come through them. It comes through the people's willingness to put up with the decisions Congress makes, in a sense. Congress has the power to change the Constitution because the Constitution states that Congress has this power, and we the people agree to uphold the Constitution. It is more complicated than that, but I suppose that can do as an explanation.  Do you agree that the Constitution is a document based on the founding father's personal beliefs?  You didn't specify and you implied the doctors help was necessary for the jaywalker.  Ok, well as long as we are in understanding now, I'm happy.  One doctor... in the world?  Sure, why not, one doctor in the world if that helps you imagine the metaphor.  The case you clarified still is not analogous because there is no connection between your wellbeing and the driver of the car (the doctor alone does not make this connection).  But there is a connection between your well-being and the driver's. The driver's existence is a physical annoyance, because if he just died right now, the doctor would fix you up and you would be right as rain.  You might as well say that your rights are forfeit by going to a hospital but all the doctors were helping other patients. It just isn't true, and does not negate your ability to change the consequences of your actions if you are able. If you broke your arm in the accident, you are not prevented from getting it set because you were irresponsible. Yes, you have to live with it if you can find no one to set it and cannot set it yourself, but that does not negate your right to change the consequences of your actions if you are able to.  But I never said your rights were being forfeit in my scenario. My whole point is that the driver is the one who has the right to the doctor, not you.  Using an extreme example where there is only one doctor in the world does not help your case.  Maybe, but it doesn't hurt it, either.
Since you are a believer of God, you would know that God "knew you" long before you were even conceived. God also talks about making you in the womb. All this implies that not only are you one of God's creatures before conception but that God starts the actual forming process AT conception. So as a result, a religious view would say that you can only not kill the newly forming child because this is the only indication that God has given us a new life.
That is a blanket statement that does not apply to all "believers". I am a believer in God - the God of Moses and Abraham - and I don't think God exists in the realm of time or knowledge.  I don't think God talks. You may believe that so-called "forming process" began "before conception", but that is a personal belief. I happen to believe that the "forming process" does not exist in a time continuum.  That is your religious view, and that is fine, but that is not the only religious view. There are religious views that say that man cannot know the "mind" of God. God brings things into material manifestation and removes them from material manifestation... at what time and through what vehicle and for what reason are beyond our ability to know.  Thank you for sharing this...however, the respone was to cell death because he is a believer in the Bible as I recall. You are more than free not to believe in the Bible I guess.
This is the view which drives the pro life movement: That the creator created human beings in His image and imparted value, meaning, purpose, and dignity. I will argue that it is the view which presents the highest view of human life, and thus the highest view of women. This view allows that there is inherent dignity within each human life and therefore everyone should be treated with dignity and respect. And, even if they aren't, their life has value. This value was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.  The predominate view which is at the heart of the pro choice movement is secular humanism. Everything has happened by chance and therefore mankind is a random wart on the face of a random meaningless chance universe. Therefore all human life is just the sum of its parts and is no better than dirt. It has no inherent meaning. Therefore, women have no value - they are no better than dirt.  Therefore, the view which predominately drives the pro life movement places a view of women that is exceedingly and abundantly trancendent above the view which predominately drives the pro choice movement. The pro life view of women is of a different quality and order.
You also have to acknowledge that the Creator in his infinite wisdom placed the ovum and the biology necessary to for gestation with the female of the species. To claim that someone else has the right to dictate to the one whom the Creator chose to give dominion over this procreative process is to demean not only the female but the wisdom of the Creator as will. If he thought that it should be handled differently he might have had us hatched from eggs like chickens. This dominion was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.  Sorry Howard, but the responsibility that was given to the woman to care for and nurture her child does not include a liscense to kill it - as much as you wish it does. This has been proven to you.  Why dont you revive the old thread if you want to talk about this again.    This thread is about the pro life camp having a view of women that is exceedingly higher than that of the pro choice.
Therefore the view which predominately drives the pro-choice movement places a view of women that is exceedingly and abundantly transcendent above the view which predominately drives the ant-choice movement. The pro-choice view of women is of a different quality and order because it trusts a Creator who gave women dominion over the ovum and trust the female of the species as the Creator did.  Yeah spin it spin it. spin my words some more. yeah yeah.  You wish that a divinely imparted responsibility to nurture and care for the child included a liscense to kill it. But... it doesnt. quit trying to manipulate.   Like i said, open the other thread back up if you want to go back to that topic.   This thread is about the pro life camp having an exceedingly higher view of women than the pro choice.
Chloe, if that "value, meaning, purpose, and dignity" is subordination to other's desires regarding how her body is used, it is anything but. You show a great deal of arrogance in assuming what worldview pro-choice people adhere to and a great deal of ignorance to assume that it is solely due to that worldview that we are pro-choice.  sigma, you have to admit it is the predominate view in the pro choice camp.
You can preach pretty religious philosophy all day long but I ain't buying. Saying that Jesus told you that all life is special doesn't comfort a rape victim, doesn't provide health care to a woman without it, doesn't feed a family if a single mom has to quit her job, doesn't provide an education if she has to quit school. Reducing women to pretty quote that is hung in your kitchen doesn't mean squat out in here in the real world, and it doesn't indicate that you get it, let alone care.  just cause you dont buy it doesnt mean it is not true. that life is sacred does provide a (if not the only) compelling altruistic basis for and responsibility to social justice whether it is actually walked out or not. I think that the fact that it is not really walked out in america proves that the majority of americans are not pro life (including a majority of those who actually claim to be pro life). This doesnt negate the truth though.
I have to admit no such thing because I do not believe that is the case. There are many varied reasons that people are pro-choice, reducing everyone down to a certain worldview is ridiculous, and very likely has little to do with being pro-choice.  this is at the heart at a predominate number of those who are pro choice. This is how they can be pro choice - because they do not believe that all human life is sacrad and has inherrent dignity.  I know that you recognize that the fetus is a human being, but at the same time you say that it this human life can be done away with for any reason and for no reason at all. This is not a very high view of human life.
chloe  I am simply making it clear that you do not know the mind of God. You do not know his infinite wisdom in placing the ovum and biology necessary for gestation and parturition with the female. God gifted things to the female unique to her and gifted her with a free will as well. As Jesus said, "What God has joined together, let no man put asunder." That is exactly what you are proposing and then arrogantly claiming some superior position.  My responses is to your thread. You may not like what I am saying, but it is perfectly valid - or do you think everyone is just supposed to shut up and kneel where you tell them to?  This thread is full of false claims and faulty reasoning and religious misrepresentation.  go ahead open up the other thread - or are you afraid people may see what you are actually saying and what you are really all about. sorry that i have misrepresented the god of howard beale: that is - himself.   like i said, the responsibility given to the female to nurture and care for her child does not include a divine right to kill that child.  also, like i said, this thread is about the pro life view of women being much higher than the view which drives the pro choice view of women.
chloe: Just because you say it doesn't mean it is true either.   you are right. because it is true means that it is true.
It seems this thread is for you saying that over and over again whilst everyone points out how wrong you are...sorry for a second there I thought this was a debate forum, not a 'lets all post statements and leave it at that' forum.  Your point has serious issues with it from every way you look, logical, religious and practical. Yet you seem to think that this doesn't matter?  go ahead tasteyfish, prove how wrong i am.
Prove it. I do not believe this is the case, and most likely has little to do with being pro-choice.   Ok lets start with your view. Do you believe that God created man in his own image - or do you believe that man is a chance?  Oh? Let's measure. How high is my view? Exact measurement please. How high is yours? Exact measurement please. It cant be measured by human measurements.   My view origninates not within myself, but comes from the authority of scripture. This view is of a different quality and order. Why? Because the creator of the universe gave women innate inherent trancendent value. They have dignity and purpose. This is something you cant say. Although, I wish i could hear you say it - that is that human life (and thus women) has an innate real trancendent value.   So what about your view of women? They are cool because they can choose stuff? Women are just the sum of their parts?
chloe: Ridicule and sarcasm - that is the response when you can't refute what someone who disagrees with you and points out the fallacy of your position says.  Really? You know the mind of God?  This is a thread about you misrepresenting the position of people who believe that God gave women a free will and you have no right to wrest that from them. You cannot expect to misrepresent people and them have them just sit silently. I have already refuted you. open up the other thread.  I know the mind of the one true God in as much as He has made himself known through scripture.   However, I make no claim to know the mind of you.
You refuted nothing. You avoided as you are now.  Although here you admit that you really believe that you know the mind of God. That is stunning.   Your position is clear. You know God's mind and you are an instrument of the Lord and I guess all of those who disagee with you are disagreeing with God --we all are just Satan's minions I guess. Do you really believe that?  how did you guess? yeah, you are right. i think you are just satan's minion. and i know who killed jimmy hoffa and jfk. also, elvis is living in my basement. he is sharing a room with 2 pac. but please, lets just keep that between you and me.
And you know better than all of us, because, as you said, you know the mind of God.  only that which he has revealed in his word.  i dont know the mind of you.
i cant believe it you people.  i am trying to tell you that you have inherrent value and dignity and you will have none of it.
You mean you cannot tell from my arguments? You mean I don't say "I believe this because God does not exist"? Oh my, does that mean whether or not God exists is irrelevant to my argument?  -actually, i knew your view. but i can tell also in talking with you.  Whatever my view is not necessarily representative of other pro-choice people. -this is the view way beyond the majority   This is why it is useless for you to say "my view of women is higher than yours" because you cannot quantify how high your view is.  -this is not a numbers game sigma. the pro life view is of a better quality.  That is lower than men and fetuses, while the pro-choice view puts women above fetuses and equal to men. -yeah the pro choice views one human as being above another. all the while denying that human life has inherrent value and dignity and meaning.   Yes, you're right. I can't say: "women have dignity and purpose that are given to them by me (or God)". I can say: "women determine for themselves their purpose in life, and have dignity because by virtue of their accomplishments and individuality". -women's worth is not based on the their accomplishments or ability to make choices. women have inherrent value and worth.   I give women the respect I give every individual, as well as respect because of accomplishments and actions. Apparently, to you, women are only due respect by virtue of their ability to carry the precious fetus inside them. If they aren't willing, they're useless to you, eh? -actually, the respect i give to persons has nothing to do with their accomplishments or lack of. i respect everyone because they have inherrent worth and value and they deserve respect.
No, you are telling us that you know the manner shape and form that our dignity should be in because you know the mind of God and we should all just accept that. this is the howard beale spin zone.  glad you are here so that everyone can know what i am actually saying
Do I take it you don't beleive in evolution then? That's pretty much ruled you out of approaching this from a logical or scientific point of view. -i dont have the faith to believe in evolution. plus truth and reality prove it false.   You also have the problem that God has no problem with killing people, or commanding people to kill others.  -no i dont.  Why is abortion any different unless they are jews, they've not converted yet and seeing as the only way to Christ is through his teachings, or accepting him as your saviour those babies were destined for hell anyway.  Or perhaps they have managed to get lucky and end up in limbo rather than hell due to not being brought up as geniune Cholist Christians due to having their mother disagree with you.   -dont know what you are talking about here, but i am sure i must mean something to you    Most pro-choicers in america are probably christians, this goes against your first point as well.   -dont know where you got that from.   What is 'innate dignitity', you're going to have to explain this to me and why it is better than being able to choose your own destiny and life? No mention of feti or unborn babies or anything, we are purely talking about the women here.  -the God of the universe gives something he created true meaning, value, and dignity
The sarcasm again? Whenever you are asked to evaluate your position, to see how it might do more harm than good, you hide behind little sarcastic remarks.  glad you are here so that everyone can know what i am actually doing.
Congrats :) However, a disbelief in God is not a requirement of my argument, and a belief in God would not change it. The existence of God is irrelevant to my argument. A belief in the God of the Bible is incompatible with a pro choice belief.   Prove it. And prove that it has anything to do with being pro-choice. maybe steeeve could find some stats. or we could just take a pole.  It's spelt "inherent".  thanks.  Also, prove that I believe individuals have no inherent value.  -Ok. do you believe that human beings have an absolute innate inherrent value? do the inherrent value that human beings have transcend your own personal view. is it an absolute? If you did not give them value would they still have it?  Your point is becoming incoherent, if it had any validity in the beginning. It is patently false for you to imply that a person's accomplishments and actions do not increase or decrease your respect of that person. no it is coherent and true. Please. i am telling you that people's value is independent of my(or anyone elses) giving them respect. What they accomplish adds nothing to their value and what they dont accomplish takes nothing away. I would have hated to have you in the stands at my gymnastics practices as a kid. performance and accomplishment as a basis for value - geesh!
Chloe:I have asked you for your Biblical reference that supports your statement and you did not respond. I believe that you did not respond because there is no Biblical reference that supports your statement. Way to deny the antecedent. I think this post is meant to entice Chloe to respond to your irrelevant question. And, given Chloe's response throughout this thread, I think that you are stupid for trying to do so.  Chloe has advanced a statement that the pro-life position toward women is higher then the pro-choice view of women. The topic is: is this the case or is this not the case? The topic is not why this might be the case or why it might not be the case.  Chloe has not declined to address your objections, she has invited you to open up your previous thread because your objections do not apply to the fundamental argument at hand, that is, that a pro-life position views women with more dignity and respect then the pro-choice position. If you don't want to focus on that, then you obviously don't have to. But until you do, Chloe has no obligation to address your off-topic claims.
Chloe, in the very first post of this thread you failed to disclose what it is about the so-called "pro-life" view of women that makes their views superior to the pro-choice view. No she didn't.  This is the view which drives the pro life movement: That the creator created human beings in His image and imparted value, meaning, purpose, and dignity. I will argue that it is the view which presents the highest view of human life, and thus the highest view of women. This view allows that there is inherent dignity within each human life and therefore everyone should be treated with dignity and respect. And, even if they aren't, their life has value. This value was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.
Cone: And she has referenced her religious beliefs as the foundation of her position. It does not matter why she believes what she believes. What matters is the view she has toward people, specifically women in this thread, stemming from that belief.  My questions are right on topic. Chloe refers to her religious beliefs and "scripture" on numerous occasions on this thread. Here are some of them: I have every right to ask Chloe to substantiate the claims. The fact that Chloe (nor you) can is a reflection on your position and reasoning. Whining about my pointing it out is not a defense. Chloe has responded to your questions. She has repeatedly said "Why dont you revive the old thread if you want to talk about this again."  Chloe has invited you to revive your old thread if you wish to discuss those issues again. You have not done so. Borrowing from your reasoning here,we can only conclude that you don't want anyone to answer your questions.
To the secular humanist:  Is it an absolute truth that women's lives have inherent meaning, value, and purpose?  Is it absolutely true that their lives are worth more than dirt and dust?
I'm just curious. What happened to the "misogynistic accusations" when another woman started to defend the pro-life side?
I'm just curious. What happened to the "misogynistic accusations" when another woman started to defend the pro-life side?  I dunno, which "misogynistic accusations" are you refering too?
Specifically in this thread I don't know, not that interested in searching through it all to find them but it comes up quite often that the pro-life position is partially about men controlling women, or at the very least supported by a lot of men who won't really be affected by their decisions - so what right do they really have to say anything?  I see... well if nothing else the way they make their arguements can only serve to put women's backs up- they can be cavalier to the point of flippancy about the impacts of pregnancy on a woman. A woman pro-life advocate can at least stand up and say she stands in line to be affected in full as a consequences of her morals.  Still, could always point out that the Chruch isn't that much of an equal oppertunities employer and that it could be said Chloe is being controlled by men in exactly the way that some pro-choicers are complaining about.  There is some truth in that- in much the same way alot of teaching within church's is inherently homophobic and promotes intolerance of gay people.
bump! In honor of "women's autonomy day!" And, in celebration of the fruits of a mindset that does not see that women have any inherent trancendent value! emoticon_xhoho
That has to be the craziest thing I have ever heard. The fact of the matter is that Christian pro-lifers worship a God who indulges in wanton destruction from Genesis to Revelations. Worshipping a being who is a mass murderer of women seems to prove Christian Pro-lifers do not value life. Sick.  Everyone together now..."STRAW MAN" You obviously have some major misconceptions and I'll just leave it at that. Check out these books:  The Knowledge of the Holy by A.W. Tozer  The Attributes of God by A.W. Pink  Or better yet, and this is an honest suggestion, The Bible
You should watch where you cast stones, kido. Your original post is an example of a straw man...not mine. You should be more careful before operating a gun...you just yourself in the foot. LOL!   My claims have been backed up within this thread.   Poisoing the well...another logic fallacy. Why can't you refute what I said? Lets take a look in your Bible (or BUY BULL as I like to say) to see how it values human life.   God On Respecting Human Life  - God repeats his intention to kill "every living substance ... from off the face of the earth." Including innocent bunnies! Genesis 7:4  - The all loving Christian God drowns everything that breathes air. From tiny precious newborn babies to unborn babies. Genesis 7:21-23   - God murders everyone (men, women, children, infants, newborns) in Sodom and Gomorrah. Genesis 19:24   - God practices his respect for human life by slaughtering Egyptian children. Exodus 12:29   - "The Lord is a man of war." Exodus 15:3  - God mutilates people. Exodus 15:6   - God reinforces his pro-life message by telling people they can kill their children. Exodus 21:15, 17   - After a woman gives birth, a priest must kill a lamb, pigeon, or dove as a sin offering. This is because having children is sinful and God likes it when things are killed for him. Leviticus 12:6-8  Etc. etc. etc.   God on Empowering Women  - God punishes Eve, and all women after her, with the pains of childbirth and subjection to men. Genesis 3:16   - Abraham had several concubines. Genesis 25:6  - Jacob has two wives and two concubines, continuing the biblical tradition of polygamy. Gensis 32:22  - "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, ... nor his XXX, nor any thing that is thy neighbor's." In the Bible, women are the property of men; they are his possessions -- like an ox or an XXX. Exodus 20:17   - If a man has sex with an engaged slave woman, scourge the woman, but don't punish the man. Leviticus 19:20-22   - Women with "familiar spirits" are to be stoned to death. Leviticus 20:27   - God defines the value of human life in dollars and cents. Of course, to God, females are worth considerably less than males. Leviticus 27:3-7   Etc. etc. etc.   Wow, some God you worship...and you think he is pro-life? LOL!!!  Hmm, lets see...  First, I can do what you have done. I can take letters and words out of what you have written and construct them to say whatever I want. For instance...   "I am against abortion"  or    "I love steeeve"   or   "George Bush is awesome, i would vote for him a million times"  or  "Charlie Brown, I want to marry your sister Lucy and I want my blanket now."   Second, You have no idea of what you are talking about.   You see, letters have meaning within words and that words have meaning within paragraphs and that paragraphs have meaning within books and that books have meaning within books. And what you have done Linus is taken a bunch of letters and formed new words - ignoring context and thereby changing meaning. How can one have a conversation with you?  Third, I suggest you take a comprehensive look at those books i suggested. These will give you a better context from which to make your claims.
I am not interested in your previous responses...the burden of proof is on you. Try something original.  Then don't quote from a post that was a long time ago....if if you want to then maybe you should read the stuff already posted...the proof was already provided, you are just refusing to read it.   That is nice, but it is irrelevant. I support all of my comments from the verses found in the Bible. Unlike you I can support my position. You haven't so far.
I am not interested in your previous responses...the burden of proof is on you. Try something original.   Why do you hide behind what others have said? Are you so weak you can't even manage a direct response to me or have you failed to understand what you read? I am not going to read the books you suggest and I am not going to look over this forum for some reply that is probably irrelevant. I have questioned and debunked you first post...now the burden of proof is on you.  So far you have provided almost every excuse why you won't defend what you said. How sad...you lack conviction and morale.  This is rediculous.
Then they shouldn't have bumped it.      I have good reason not to read it; none of it is addressed to me. Unless you can show someone who wrote exactly word-for-word what I wrote then there is no reason why I should be bothered. If the author didn't want her views to be challenged again then she shouldn't have bumped it.      Again, no refute. Blieve what you like but my position appears to be solid. You are asking him to repeat stuff he has already written in this same thread. He can if he wants....I don't care...I don't even care if you read it.
In the next six weeks, South Dakota lawmakers will decide whether to make abortion a crime.  A bill that would ban abortion in the state will be introduced within the next two days.  The bill will be called the Woman's Health and Life Protection Act. It will ban abortion, but won't prosecute a doctor who performs one to save a woman's life.  And the lawmaker who's introducing the bill says he thinks now is the right time to try and over-turn Roe vs Wade.  Rep. Roger Hunt says, "Abortion should be banned."  Those four words will likely lead to many others in the South Dakota House and Senate as lawmakers will decide whether to criminalize abortion in the state. The bill's supporters are using findings from a controversial abortion task force report recently given to the legislature.  Hunt says, "DNA testing now can establish the unborn child has a separate and distinct personality from the mother. We know a lot more about post-abortion harm to the mother."  The legislature debated a similar bill two years ago, but Governor Mike Rounds vetoed it because of concerns over some technicalities.  Hunt says, "We have made those corrections to the bill."  Sunday, Hunt and other anti-abortion advocates held an event promoting their legislation. They say now is the time to pass it, because other states are considering similar bills and because with new Chief Justice John Roberts, and possibly Samuel Alito, the US Supreme Court is changing.  Hunt says, "Two very solid, we feel, pro-life candidates. Again you never know but based on their testimony to the senate we feel they're good candidates."  Hunt says he thinks enough other lawmakers support the bill for it to pass, but he still thinks the decision will be a close one.  He says, "I learned a long time ago the only time you really count the votes is when you're taking the votes."  Hunt will also introduce two other bills this week. One is meant to ensure doctors explain the risks of an abortion to a woman is writing. The other deals with sex education and says school districts need to include principles in their curriculums dealing with abstinence and personal responsibilities.  http://www.keloland.com/NewsDetail2817.cfm?Id=0,45410
Note the bolded.  Can lifers manage this issues without insulting intelligence and capabilities of women? Can't choicers stop insulting the intelligence and capabilities of the people of the country and let them view the evidence and decide for themselves whether abortion harms women's health, and if it does, whether it ought to be permitted?
Okay Cone lets see some evidence to back up your assertion not from an anti abortion webiste- source it from somewhere impartial.  Other than that the title "Woman's Health and Life Protection Act" is a superb example of doublespeak emoticon_xgood I just posted an article that said there is more evidence that abortion might be linked to mental health problems... It was a study published a couple weeks ago.
Okay Cone lets see some evidence to back up your assertion not from an anti abortion webiste- source it from somewhere impartial.  Other than that the title "Woman's Health and Life Protection Act" is a superb example of doublespeak emoticon_xgood Ok, here's a thread where I discuss that "The Right to an Abortion is not in the Constitution." As you will read, this claim went unrefuted. Since the right to an abortion is not in the constitution, it may be regulated by the states however the states wish, just like speed limits and jaywalking. Thus, the states may do whatever they wish regarding abortion. They may ban abortion because they claim it harms women's health, or they may ban abortion because they claim that the fetus is a person, or they may ban abortion because Sunday is the first day of the week.
Making abortion illegal is not in the Constitution. The Constitution does not inhibit a State from doing whatever they want as far as abortion is concerned.  And, they've got a lot of backward people in South Dakota. They are still grappling with the rampant racism in the state, especially towards native Americans. Yeah, I expected as much. Come on, give us all the reasons you can as to why the electorate should not have a say on this issue. So far, the people in South Dakota are stupid, and they are racists. That convinces me. Remove the issue from the electorate. Let the all-wise, educated, tolerant, forward-facing "pro-choice" folks dictate to the people of South Dakota what their choice ought to be. Pro-choice? Hardly.
No.   I will never allow "the people of the country" to tell me what is best for my my life or my health.  To quote Jane Austen in Pride and Prejudice.  "I am only resolved to act in that manner, which will, in my own opinion, constitute my happiness, without reference to you, or to any person so wholly unconnected with me." I wonder how far you can take this. For instance, you may never allow "the people of the country" to tell you what's best for your health, but we need only look at an example to prove that "the people of the country" can make a law in that arena anyway. Marijuana, for example. You may not think marijuana is harmful to your health, but if you smoke it, you break the law. And if you break the law, you can be punished under that law. Even if you don't think the "people of the country" can tell you what is best for your life or your health, they still legitimately do so in many areas.  "I am only resolved to act in that manner, which will, in my own opinion, constitute my happiness, without reference to you, or to any person so wholly unconnected with me." Interesting quote. It can't be acted out in many areas though. Murder for instance. Or speeding. Jaywalking either. Running stop signs. Beating children. No matter how happy these acts may make someone, they can be punished if they perform them, even if the state is wholly unconnected with that individual. We have a society that governs itself by laws. Until we do not, I'm sorry to say that you will be prevented from doing some things that you may deem would make you happy. And, should you insist on doing those things the law prohibits, you may be punished for doing them, even if they made you happy.
From the article on the study you refered to this quote immediately jumped out at me:    So according to one of the people who conducted the study don't go using their results as a tool for arguing against abortion. ...  So we cannot simplify in quite the way you seem to infer that we can.  That is nice that you quote that...it stills suggests a link which I what I wrote.
So you made the point on the interpretation of a legal document. The point is it is okay to illegalise abortion regardless of the reasons for doing so. Thinking outside of our current example can you not see the glaring problem with such an approach? I hope you can because the consequences of accepting such a philosophy are dire indeed. I think the problems that have occured by granting Surpeme Court justices the power to amend the Constitution whenever they feel like it far outweigh the problems that would occur if State Legislatures were able to exercise the power the Constitution grants to them.
But no link was ever established. We have been over this over and over again. I really hate having to beat a dead horse more the once. Give it a rest....redundancy erks me. Just because you fail to realize what the article says doesn't make what you said true. Since you seem to like logical fallacies can you reconginze which one you just committed?
Freedom! Liberty! Individual autonomy! Pursuit of happiness!  American values.  They may soon disappear.  Enjoy them while you may. Whatever happened to Life? Oh yeah, that's right. the pro-aborts don't believe that living takes priority over liberty.
Neither do many pro-lifers. Start talking about universal health coverage in America and they'll say in their usual shrill voices that it is their money and you have no right to tax ?success?...even if it is being used to save lives.  After all, it is their money and they have the liberty to spend it any way they want. The ?right to life? pro-lifers glowingly speak about usually ends when it invades another?s personal and private affairs. Universal health care, BKA Socialized Medicine is a joke. Primarily because it's just another government buearacracy that will cause the quality of health care to go down the toilet. To say nothing of the fact that doctors and other health care providers of consience (re. pro-life) will be unable to practice freely. The best way to get health care costs down isn't higher taxes and more government, but to get the lawyers out of medicine and lower malpractice premiums.
Yep, assembly line medicine, just like in your socialist utopia, the USSR. To say nothing of the fact that everywhere that socialized medicine exixts, people wait for up to weeks for important treatment. I'll take my fee-for-service anyday.
Talk about insulting one's intelligence. Don't you hate it when politicians wrap their kooky little laws into these highly sugar-coated titles that has more to do with making them seem appealing on the outside but hides the true intention of the context? It is purely propaganda and the law makers just don't want to call it what it really is; coercion childbirth. Hunt, be a man and just call a spade a spade for once. Surely you, being a person willing to call a spade a spade, would detest the sort of propaganda displayed here: http://www.oregon.gov/DHS/ph/pas/docs/statute.pdf wouldn't you?   LOL! I love it when you lifers madly shriek ABORTION ISN'T CONSTITUTIONAL! I never said this.  IT ISN'T IN THE CONSTITUTION! I CAN'T FIND IT!! Turns out you agreed with me http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=191338&postcount=9  The fact that you guys have lost so sorely back in 1973 and haven't grasped why you lost only adds even more insult to injury into your self-inflicted loss. Yes, we have fully grasped why we lost. We lost because some judges determined that abortion ought to be a Constitutional right. Since they couldn't find it in the Constitution, they put it there themselves.  But yet the Supreme Court, the people who determine what is constitutional, continues to say it is Constitutional. You can believe whatever you like but abortion is a constitutional right and it just drives you mad to know this. I understand the Supreme Court has said this. They also said this. But, 58 years later, the Supreme Court said this. We therefore learn that, yes, sometimes the Supreme Court can be wrong. What a shock. We learn that, yes, Supreme Court justices are not infallible. What a shock. In fact, the Supreme Court said here that everything in Roe was wrong except for the central holding. So to summarize, the Supreme Court has been wrong in the past, and thus, can be wrong today.  You can continue to live in your private fantasy world that it isn't constitutional/in the constitution if you desire...after all, no one can take that right away from you and I am not here to drag a thirst quench horse to water. If you're going to critique my claim, at least critique a claim that I actually made. I said "the right to an abortion is not in the Constitution." I did not say "Abortion is unconstitutional." To continue critiquing that claim is not to argue with me, but with a straw-man instead.   I am also not going to spend time proving something that the Supreme Court has already proven yet you continue to deny the results of. Time to deal with it...it has been over 33 years. No, you are not going to spend time proving that the right to an abortion is in the Constitution because you would look very silly if you did, especially considering the fact that you have already acknowledged that it is not.
What link is there to realize? There was never one to begin with. It is impossible to conclude that abortion effected the mental health of these women by just looking at the numbers alone. No one interviewed the women's feelings about the abortion, no one asked them if it really negatively effected them and etc..  You are making a false positive. There isn't enough data available to make that kind of link which is why you failed to identify it yourself in the first place. I asked you repeatedly to show this link and you never did...remember, burden of proof is on you.  Eventhough the research concluded that, in fact, there very well might be a link between abortion and mental health, you, who I presume as looked at the study and the methods by which it was done, have found out that this research is false. Good to know we have such a great scientist with us.  The burden of proof is on the researchers...and they found a link. I wouldn't just make that up.  HAVING an abortion as a young woman raises the risk of developing later mental health problems - including depression, anxiety and drug and alcohol abuse - according to the most detailed long-term study to date into the divisive question. How this doesn't mean the researchers believe there is a link is beyond me. It seems that your burden of proof requires me to actually take you to the facility at which this research was done and then repeat the whole study for you.
"There might be a link" and "there is a link" two entirely different things. There MIGHT be a link just like there MIGHT be unicorns, aliens, flying monkeys and etc. but we need further research. If you are saying there MIGHT be a link then there isn't a link so why are you arguing there is a link? MIGHT is a possibility. IS is an absolute.  You MIGHT want to check out the thread that deals with this study. I have actually read the study....you have not.  Here was my last post on that thread.  http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=194563&postcount=78    Why thank you. However you don't have to be a great scientist to debunk the post-hoc conclusion of your article...I am simply using logic. No, you are using limited facts. You assume that the article stated everything that was in the study, if you read the other thread you will realize that the study addresses are your attempts to debunk the study.  You just said "even though the research concluded that, in fact, there very well might be a link...". Which is it Steve, is there or is there not a link? Stop pussyfooting around and pick a side. What is your deal? Would you like it better if I said there is stong evidence to support a link? Science can be wrong, I understand this and thus I am not going to say this is 100% concrete no questions asked. I don't know of many science 'facts' that are 100% concrete.
The concept is sound but the results rarely lead to dignity. Look at Terri Shiavo for example...a private event between a family was dragged through the mud and used as political fodder by those greedy, selfish right-to-lifers. These people really have no shame nor respect for others. It is their ideology right or wrong. I was simply wondering this: if we must call the "Woman's Health and Life Protection Act" the "Coercion Childbirth Act" in the interest of calling a spade a spade, must we not also call the "Death With Dignity Act" the "Physicians Assisted Suicide Act?"  So you never implied abortion isn't constitutional? So you must feel it is constitutional then, right? What I have consistently and repeatedly said, was that the right to an abortion is not in the Constitution, and that there is no reason why the States may not regulate abortion however they so desire. Regulate, of course, includes banning without exception, or permitting without restriction.   I agreed that it wasn't written directly but it is a implied right (yeah, just like a lot of other rights). I refute the "abortion is an implied fundamental constitutional right" claim in this post.  Next time you should read the context...if your claim is that abortion isn't constitutional because it isn't in there then you seriously need to a take a civics' class. You can't be this uninformed about the mechanics of the constitution and still be an American, I hope. You have yet to respond to my claim, which is not that abortion is unconstitutional, but that there is no constitutional right to abortion. If you cannot determine the difference between those two statements, perhaps it is you who needs a civics course.   I am quite familiar with the mechanics of the Constitution, which is why I correctly claim that 1) the right to abortion is not in the Constitution. 2) Judges should not engage in social engineering from the bench. 3) Judges should not say that something is in the Constitution, when it in fact is not.  So?   And? Want to try something relevant? You just don't get it do you? Let me try to spell it out simply. The Supreme Court can be wrong sometimes. I knew that might come as a shock to some people. So, I provided historical evidence of where the Supreme Court was wrong, and admitted their mistake, and made it right 58 years later. The Supreme Court got it wrong in Roe. I simply want them to admit their mistake, and make it right.  Foresight is 20/20. The Supreme Court can be wrong but they haven't been wrong as of yet determining abortion rights. That is the only thing that is relevant. You evade the issue. I have not raised an objection to the fact that the Court is issuing rulings in this area. I am raising the objection that their rulings are wrong. You have not refuted this claim.  Just like right-to-life activists...this doesn't mean they continue to be wrong on everything else. You really are too much. Of course the Supreme Court can be wrong on other issues besides abortion. However, would it make sense to discuss, for instance, that the Supreme Court's ruling that private property may be seized by the government and then handed over to private parties in an abortion forum? I wouldn't think so.
emoticon_wow How idiotic and controlling can you get?    And Here I thought that conservatives said Alito didn't have an agenda. Well guess what it is just a short drive to Canada. Also do you think this legislator will keep his job? I suppose all the legisltors who are going to start this are republican and conservative? If so it only proves my belief that conservative republicans can not mind their own business, want to control peoples lives, and are heartless. HOw about this LET THE PEOPLE VOTE. Isn't that another conservative mantra? Let the voters decide if abortion should be legal. Are they afraid to take this to the voiters? I don't think it would pass since the majority supports abortion rights.  Oddly enough the voters are getting their way. I am glad you agree that Roe vs Wade should be overturned so the people can decide for themselves. And no one said Alito has an agenda other than viewing the consitution the way it is written.
And Here I thought that conservatives said Alito didn't have an agenda. Well guess what it is just a short drive to Canada. What agenda do conservatives have? Their agenda is pretty simple: judges should not say that something is a Constitutional right if it is in fact not in the Constitution. Such was the case in Plessy, which the court reversed 58 years later thereby correcting it's error. And such is the case in Roe.  Also do you think this legislator will keep his job? This guy will undoubtedly keep his job. You must not be too familiar with how the individual states actually feel about this issue. It so happens that South Dakota is overwhelmingly in favor of abortion restrictions.  I suppose all the legisltors who are going to start this are republican and conservative? I tend to think this is a correct observation.  If so it only proves my belief that conservative republicans can not mind their own business, want to control peoples lives, and are heartless. I tend to think this is incorrect. The reason that mostly consevatives would propose such legislation is because, for the most part, it is conservatives that desire such legislation. It isn't because they can't mind their own business (no government does), it isn't because they want to control peoples lives (every government does to a degree), nor is it because they are heartless (they obviously care very deeply about the issue).  HOw about this LET THE PEOPLE VOTE. Isn't that another conservative mantra? Let the voters decide if abortion should be legal. That is in fact what is taking place in South Dakota. The people of South Dakota, through their elected representatives, are formulating the State's policy position toward abortion. This is what conservatives mean by "let the States decide." That means, "let the States decide in accordance with their own constitutional requirements." That is what we call federalism.  Are they afraid to take this to the voiters? I don't think it would pass since the majority supports abortion rights. Conservatives are not afraid to take the issue of abortion to the voters. This in fact is what they desire, which is why they advocate the reversal of the wrongly decided Roe v. Wade case. And again, in South Dakota, the population is overwhelmingly in favor of restricting abortion. Don't believe me? Just ask Tom Daschle.
 Sigh...this is starting to get stale. All I ask is for a link...and yet nothing. You can't just look at numbers and instantly make a conclusion not based on information. You were provided with a link to my post on this subject. Your failure to go read my post is your own fault...not mine. I can't post the whole study as it would be illegal to do so. If you have questions regarding it I would be happy to post what the study says about it.   Your short "method" that they use is actually just a brief overview of what they did. The actual study continues further to explain what the did and how they came up with the conclusion they did.   Well do you believe it is concrete or not? Please, pick a side. Your wishy-washy position only strengths the fact that you didn't comprehend what you read. I figured you were intelligent enough to know what I meant when I said "the study showed a link between abortion and mental health". Is it concrete that the study showed a link? Yes...is it concrete that there is a link? No, because science is often wrong and I leave open this possibility.  I like how you go to playing word games in order to try and win an argument.   Here is a linke AGAIN to my post about the ACTUAL study. http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=194563&postcount=78  maybe this time you will read it.
From a Biological standpoint life begins at the moment of conception. So abortion is in fact killing off life. Have any of you ever seen a partial birth abortion?
Just the fact that Roe v. Wade is being discussed again is a positive sign. I personally would like to see it overturned. There seems to be chance for it to happen .  The partial-birth abortion is the one that I am against. That, to me, is the most inhumane thing a woman could do to an unborn child.   I just don't get the logic of legalizing abortions, but not allowing stem-cell research to save lives.emoticon_confused   I'm also aware of the medically necessary circumstances for them.  I believe parents should be notified. If I am responsible for my childs health and well-being, I want to know when she has a life-threating operation performed on her. There can be complications.
Sigh...why must you make this so difficult? Am I speaking to a child here? No where in the study did they even interview the people who had an abortion. How on Earth can you say abortion is responsible for their mental illness when you never asked if it did? Did you read the study? I mean the whole study? Did you read it? Thought not.  And you know what kills me Steve? This isn't the FIRST time I have quoted this. Please, read it V-E-R-Y C-A-R-E-F-U-L-L-Y. Please, I don't know how much I have to spoon feed you this. Holy XXXX!! Thats not the study but an article on it...and that is someones else opinion that wasn't a researcher.   This isn't a link. The JCPP just refuted you; the results are uncertain whether abortion is responsible. You amaze me sometimes. You use selective quoting as normal...  after that I said "This was a addressed actually with this following results:"  I then posted a portion of the results that they found to disprove "a". And you accuse me of not reading.  If this is the case then I really can't be bothered responding to someone who is ignorant on this issue. Steve, you are driving this debate into a circular pattern of endless redundancy: Only because you refuse to actual take the data for what it is worth...  I. I request you support a link II. You think you can find a link and show it to me. III. I refute. IV. Repeat step I again.  You request a support for a link...the study is all about showing there is a link...you claim to refute it without even reading the study...I show you the link again.   You are right, this is going in a circle.  The more you speak on this matter the more I start to realize that you don't understand anything about the mechanics of the scientific method. Steve, you actually have to ESTABLISH a link. You can't forge them. Sorry, that is just how science works! I know, you hate it. You make it seem like this is the study that I personally conducted. It seems you are not familiar with the "conclusion" part of the scientific method....The study says "Conclusions: The findings suggest that abortion in young women may be associated with increased risks of mental health problems."   On the basis of the current study, it is our view that the issue of whether or not abortion has harmful effects on mental health remains to be fully resolved. Certainly in this study, those young women who had abortions appeared to be at moderately increased risk of both concurrent and subsequent mental health problems when compared with equivalent groups of pregnant or non-pregnant peers. This is part of the results.   Before you start talking about a study you haven't read you might want to get your facts straight and actually try and have a civil debate. I suggest you either pay to purchase the study, work at a place that will provide the journal free of charge, or shut up since you don't know what you are talking about.
That was a researcher who looked over the study...clearly proving the impossibility of establishing such a link based on the lack of data on the women's feelings. Again, common sense is escaping you, Steve. And the ones the did the research too I suppose... right? I don't think so. As I have previously stated, the study addressed this as a concern but felt it wouldn't be a huge impact considering the study they were doing and the way the did their "predictions" model. It seems again, reading has escaped you, Linus.  Selective? Steve, you are the one who quoted them and said it proved a link! Look back at your post. http://4forums.com/political/showpos...3&postcount=78 You used this quote and now you are saying I am being selective? The JCPP just said the results can be translated into different possibilities. Proving there is NO link. But because you don't READ what you write you didn't see/understand that it ultimately disproved your position.  You refuse to read. This is almost worthless...I stated RIGHT BELOW the results of a method that used to disprove opition "a". Once again, YOU HAVEN'T READ THE STUDY.  Maybe? Maybe isn't concrete. Maybe isn't a link. Maybe is a possibility. With that being said I agree that maybe there is a link and maybe there isn't a link...more data is needed. Thanks for proving my point, Steve. He puts maybe because science isn't concrete. For someone that likes science you sure don't know a lot about it. The study also says "there is strong evidence to support..." and phrases like that. It doesn't say that this study is 100% on the button. In fact most psychology use words like "may be" or "suggested" or "increase probability"....why? Because it is PSCYHOLOGY. You want to down play it like it is a 50/50 chance. The evidence is leaning more towards mental health issues after an abortion...like the study says. Here is another example of a conclusion from a study.  Here is the conclusion of one study dealing with abonormal pscyhology called "A Genetically Informed Study of Marital Instability and Its Association With Offspring Psychopathology" A comparison of the offspring of discordant twins and a series of HLMs suggested that environmental influences specifically associated with divorce  You try to use science a lot...yet you don't even know how it works.  You know what, I think we should take your method of where all we can say is "maybe" and apply it to studies you quoted...like the ones in the link below http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=112821&postcount=118 maybe those are true, but maybe the sky is purple....right Linus? I guess we can't know for sure so we better just discredit the study you posted.
So in order to prove that abortion causes mental illness they bypassed interviewing the women because it wouldn't have a huge impact? Steve, if you wanted a direct correlation you would have wanted to interview and incorporate their feelings into the research. No. Once again you fall to read the conclusion  Conclusions: The findings suggest that abortion in young women may be associated with increased risks of mental health problems.  It is nice you want to talk about results and all but I am speaking about links. An explained correlation. Again, you don't understand the scientific method at all. What I posted had correlation data in it. This study used the scientific method. I like how you resort to critizing me instead of the actual study. Maybe this suggests that you don't want to be admit that you are wrong.  The results of this analysis are summarised in Table 4 which shows estimates of the covariate adjusted incidence rate ratios for the number of mental health problems. The association between pregnancy/abortion history prior to 21 and number of mental health problems from 21-25 years remained statistically significant after covariate adjustment (p = .008). In addition, consistent with the previous analysis, the results show a clear pattern in which, after covariate adjustment, those who were not pregnant and those who were pregnant but did not have an abortion had rates of disorder that were not significantly different (p < .05), whereas those having abortions had rates of disorder that were significantly (p < .05) higher than both of these groups. Irrelevant. The conclusion is the end results of the study, Steve. It is a big whopping maybe. You are grasping straws right after you gave yourself the deathblow. I find it said that you can't see a difference when someone says "our data shows a relationship between abortion and mental health issues...this study therefore shows there maybe a relation" and "there might be a relation but our data in inconclusive".   If I go to a McDonalds and get sick everytime I eat there then I would say "it might be McDonalds that is getting me sick"...the evidence would suggest this but at the same time it could very well be something else or even mere chance.   In the end Linus, you haven't read the study yet you think you know what data it has. You discredit the findings as nothing   You use the work "link" a lot as if it were lifesupport for your arguement...well, get ready to unplug that.  this paper reports an analysis of the linkages between abortion in young women aged 15-25 and subsequent mental health in a birth cohort of young women studied to the age of 25 If you wanted the work "link" you got it big guy.  here is another one: In this study we have used data gathered over a 25-year longitudinal study to examine linkages between mental health and exposure to abortion in adolescence and young adulthood. This study produced evidence consistent with the view that in young women, exposure to abortion was associated with a detectable increase in risks of concurrent and subsequent mental health problems.  To our knowledge, no previous study of this topic has combined all of these features to examine the linkages between abortion and mental health.  What will you think of next?
I noticed that you haven't responded to Cone yet...I assume this is because you might have overlooked it.  Here is the link to his post so you can respond to it: http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=194594&postcount=42
It is kind of funny how abortion has to do with a woman's body. And yet, if it was left up to the state: Congress: women hold 81, or 15.1%, of the 535 seats in the 109th US Congress - 14, or 14.0%, of the 100 seats in the Senate and 67, or 15.4%, of the 435 seats in the House of Representatives. In addition, three women serve as Delegates to the House from Guam, the Virgin Islands and Washington, DC.  Only 15.1%...  So that means that 276 men (51 Senate/ 225 congress) will be needed just to pass a law that has to do with a women's body...and if its something that could be bad for a woman and/or unfairly good for a man then they can get no where near the amount of senators/representatives needed to supress it....    [66.6666-15.1 = 51.56666--(535/100)(51.56666)=276]   (http://www.cawp.rutgers.edu/Facts/Officeholders/cawpfs.html)  What a lovely statistic...first off, JP said "STATES" referring to the 50 states we have here in the US. Secondly, Roe vs wade was decided by 9 men (or 6 if you wanna do who actually voted for it). Nice strawman though.
jitobear:  For the sake of the thread, JP's remarks about Canadian health care are fairly accurate. They do cross over to get major health care if they want it done fast. In some cases we have services not available in certain parts of Canada. I live on the Canadian border and see the same thing.  Waxy knows quite a bit about Canadian healthcare, but JP might have riled him up.
From a clinical standpoint, life doesn't begin at conception.  link for verification and I would like you to show, if true, how a clinical standpoint is more valid then a biological standpoint.
Your study doesn't explain how the two are linked. Have you read the study? Thought not.  But since you are so confident in your ability to insult people I will challenge you to a debate in the debate tournament forum. We can make the topic "Did the study show a link between abortion and mental health" I will say that it did. You can take the negative.   You can pay for the study if you wish but I will not provide it for you as that would be illegal.  It is time you put your money where your mouth is Linus...I am sick of your attitude.
Can I Moderate???
Linus,  You still haven't responded to Cone yet...I am awaiting your response.
Can I Moderate???  As long as you are fair about it...I think the debate guy does that though.
Can I be a judge? emoticon_xgood You and Bassman want to judge :) thats fine with me... I think I would get Joe from they gay forums as the third just to try and get a liberal'er' judge in there.
JP. I'd have to agree with Steeeeve on this. there has to be a balance of thought.  @Steeeeve, I don't think Joe would be interested.
OccamsRazor:  I don't recall mentioning I should be notified of their sexual behavior.   The point I was trying to make is, a parent must be notified when a minor is going to require medical surgery. I'm certainally the one they send the bill to.  Do abortion clinics pay medical bills after they perform a medical procedure? Who picks up the tab for complications that may arise after the abortion?   Young women aren't capable of making a rational decision on ending a life on their own. If they were rational thinkers, they would have chosen birth control, or insist their partner use a condom. IMO.
Or how about Resolved: having an abortion causes a woman greater damage to her mental health than an unwanted pregnancy.  Think about it :) No, you missed the wholte debate between me and Linus. I suggest you just stay out of it unless you read the whole thing.  By the way, the study did say that having an abortion causes a woman greater damage to her mental health than an unwanted or wanted pregnancy.
Ah, I was wondering what motivated your vote in the Clive14 vs. The Skeptic debate ;) come on, cheap shot. Billsco didn't state any bias by the judges in that debate.
OccamsRazor: This is some of the complication I was refering to.  As with most surgical procedures, the most common surgical abortion methods carry the risk of potentially serious complications. These risks include: a perforated uterus, perforated bowel or bladder, septic shock, sterility, and death.  I mentioned the possibility of it being life threatening. Though death from an abortion is highly unlikely, it is possible.  Having had 3 daughters, I believe I have a bit of insight into how young women make decisions.
Not the point I was making. You said it didn't matter what the reason was for illegalising abortion, I contest that any such reason is vital. So what do you say? I'm not exactly sure what you're getting at, but I'll take a stab. From a theoretical standpoint, it is perfectly in line with the Constitution for a state to prohibit abortion without exception for no reason at all, or on the other hand, to permit abortion without restriction for no reason at all. But, especially with abortion, States will offer reasonable justification for their policy (whatever it may be) toward abortion.
No, I did read the debate. I also considered the wider context and limited scope of your suggestion (failure to recognise that there could be mental health impacts of a woman being forced to have an unwanted child) hence the topic I suggested. It will make an excellent debate as victory will go to the person who can present the best balance of opinion, as opposed to one side being forced to prove a negative. Ok, I see your point and that might very well be a good debate but I want to challenge Linus to something because I think he is bluffing. Please don't try to change the nature of what I want him to prove.   As for the debate you suggested. That might very well be an interesting debate. I think it would be hard to prove either side though since the lasted study supports one thing and other studies support the other. It might be more fair to put the debate like:  Resolved: having an abortion causes a woman greater damage to her mental health.   Having a comparison won't work because, as far as I know, only one study has done anything on that and they actually didn't have a different in "wanted" and "unwanted" That seems like a hard thing to show. Maybe,  Resolved: having an abortion causes a woman greater damage to her mental health than a pregnancy.
No, it wasn't cheap. It took effort and memory to spot that ;)   Billsco isn't the person to really comment on individual bias in our Tournament Judges judgements, what he actually seems to do is to make sure there is a balance of opinion in the panel of judges so any personal bias is countered by another.  ahh come on, if you can't prove bias then just don't say it. You can't really prove you were not biased anyway...atleast not to your likeing.
The risk posed by abortion is the West (where maternal death rates are at their lowest) is exceeded by the risk of maternal mortality by at least two orders of magnitude. So having a baby is around 100 times more likely to kill than having an abortion. Do you propose you are consulted by your child everytime they wish to engage in sexual intercourse? That is surely a far more effective way to protect her if you are afraid for her well being. There is one thing overlooked here, the Robes in '73 had not considered the incredible advances in medical technology and techniques. So therefore, maternal death rates have been reduced signifigantly.
You are absolutely right! I never read it thus that is why I keep quoting material from the study to refute your assessments.  You haven't quoted one thing from the study that I have not posted.   I see you chickend out on the debate. That is exactly what I thought you would do.
Linus, you forgot that as a sports official, I have to put my personal policy preferences aside. Therefore I can be objective.  @ Steeeeve: It would have been interesting:xbanghead
@ Steeeeve: It would have been interesting  It would have been interesting for others to read Linus trying to knock down a study he hasn't read. I think I actually PMed you exactly what he would say...I was pretty accurate :)
Wow, is this middle school? Sorry, I am secure enough in my position to not be wavered by such an adolescent comment. You are now changing the subject, a distraction tactic, weren't we talking about this study and out of nowhere you attempt to coercion me into replying on another forum by questioning my gallantry on responding on another equally public forum? The fact that you have changed the subject shows you can no longer hold your claims and you seek to change the tone for a possible advantage. Why is it that those with the inferior position try to bring the superior party to the bargaining table? So far you are the one who has given up debating your stance...not I. I have stood firm and await your reply. I think JP responded the way I would have.  I figured since you are unwilling to make a good argument on this subject that I would show you that you were wrong in a formal debate. That way a 3 person panel can decide whether or not you are full of hot air or if you make a point.  I ask you again, do you wish to have the formal debate or not?  I also ask that you respond to Cone's post which was some time ago.
I'll respond to it when I feel like it...perhaps I might not just to irritate you. I dislike pushy people and that try to be assertive. I see your cheerleaders Bassman and JP are here to support you in your lose....too bad not for your rhetoric. Hey, what are friends for? LOL! No need to insult Bassman and JP too. I don't recall asking them to defend me nor do they have to.   We just had one...where have you been?  You asking me if I am in middle school and insulting left and right is not what I call a formal debate. We have a forum here for formal debates...I have a topic up which issues the challenge.  Wow...are you that desperate? You can't win your argument in an appeal to logic so now you look for an appeal to authority? Sorry, I don't need a "three person panel" to decide whether I am right or not; your study blatantly proves my position and yet you deny it. Steve, either you want to discuss this issue or not here...I am not interested in playing games. If you choose not to then you have apparently surrendered your position and this discussion is finalized.  Sadly, you don't get to make decisions about whether or not I surrender my position. I do not wish to appeal to authority but I would like to put you in your proper place. A formal debate is uninterupted and will give a chance to others to see whether you are credible or not. It also allows for clearer points and feedback. You haven't responded to my request for a debate so with one more failure to say "yes" or "no" I am going to assume we aren't going to have one and I will stop asking. And then, the discussion will be finalized.   I'll respond to it when I feel like it...perhaps I might not just to irritate you. I dislike pushy people and that try to be assertive Running away from another issue I see.
I want to hear about abortion, not Linus v.Steeeeve.emoticon_xdonno
I want to hear about abortion, not Linus v.Steeeeve.emoticon_xdonno I do believe this thread has been a little one-sided. We can draw two purported justifications for the legislation from the article. Notice that it says:Hunt says, "DNA testing now can establish the unborn child has a separate and distinct personality from the mother. We know a lot more about post-abortion harm to the mother." I believe jitobear focused us on the maternal health issue, and thus this whole thread jumped on that bandwagon. However, there is yet the issue of the "sepreate and distinct personality," that South Dakota is claiming. There may be a plethora of opinions about what that fact means, but in the end, the question comes down to who should decide. I say the States should. That is the issue at stake with this proposed legislation; not whether their justifications are true or whether you agree with them, but whether the State should be able to make it's own decisions when it comes to abortion.
I want to hear about abortion, not Linus v.Steeeeve.emoticon_xdonno I tried moving it to the debate forum but Linus refuses. Because of this we should probably move this topic back to its orginal topic which is whether or not abortion is in the constitution.   No one has really offered a claim for a "right" to abortion to be in constitution so lets start there....anyone?
Well, you be wrong as didn't take you as a Creationist. Thats not the bias I saw  I don't think JP voted for The Skeptic because of his/her dashing good looks :)
So, instead of debating in a public forum with three judges, you prefer to debate thin air and declare yourself the winner? You're a legend.....:xbanghead It seems many liberals these days are backing down when the water gets to hot for them.
Can anyone defend the claim that abortion is a right in the constitution.
Well, gosh, maybe we can't get married any more.  Is the subject of marriage covered in the U.S. Constitution?  No it surely isn't. In fact, you can probably stop marrying people in a state if you wanted to. Not a federal issue.  Federalism is something that probably needs to be taught in schools these days.
There is no medical procedure called partial birth abortion.  There is a procedure called intact dialation and exrraction.  Politicians make up names designed to turn public opinion in their favor. :xcensored  Actually there is a procedure called parital birth abortion....why you ask? Because congress made it. Congress made the term and defined it so thus it exists as a procedure for all law purposes...this has been discussed some 5 times on these forums.
I hope the Bill passes. Give men and human babies thier civil rights back. Stop denying men their reproductive rights and stop denying human babies their right to continue their life the ultimate civil right.  May enlightenment prevail.
And enslave women.  If that's enlightenment. . . . .  I never knew that preventing someone from killing someone else was enslaving them...kind of a bad definition don't you think?
Here is how I see it.  Partial birth abortion should be outlawed. There is proof that around 6 months or so (I can't really remember) the unborn fetus can "feel" and display neurological activity, which makes it a thinking being.  What about the father? What is he just ignored in this? Isn't it his sperm in that egg? To ignore him would be selfish and very unconstitutional...I have no idea why this hasn't really been challenged.  Women should have the right to abortion if they meet certain circumstances, like if they were raped...they might die if they had it...They should also have the right if it doesn't pass the time they(the fetus) starts to display brain activity.  You should also be aware, if a woman has many abortions it will render her sexual organs pretty much useless. I feel women who just keep having abortions due to their primiscuity should have their damn tubes tied. If they do not wish to have children, than why the hell do they keep having unprotected sex? Tie your damn tubes.  If anyone did any research into the partial birth abortion they will see it is absolutely barberic. It gives me chills thinking about it. Essentially the fact of partial birth is a late-term baby is placed in the breach position and the doctor pulls this baby out and once the doctor sees the head jabs a large syring/needle into the skull collapsing it, now that is horrifyiing. The thing is all these late term babies can survive outside the womb. Premature babies at six months with technology can survive outside the womb. A human baby's fate is in the hand of the mother solely, there is something so wrong here.   Even in the event a woman's health is at risk in a late term, medical science is such where the baby can be extracted unharmed, death does not have to occur, partial birth is yet another last minute gruesome "choice" for the mother, but no "choice" for the baby.  In the event of deformity of the child, well, we simply live in a shallow society. I don't know what people call deformity. Some countries think female gender is a deformity and will abort, and do. A missing limb? Deafness? Blindness? Is that a deformity to kill? To hate? When we walk around and see a person "different", no arm or no leg, blind or deaf, do we hate them so much we think "why didn't their mother abort them"!   We've grown up in a society where imperfection is cause for the death penalty.  I can't help but think of a movie I saw where an entire family had disabilities, where the parents had their own children but also adopted like 12 others with severe disabilities. I know we all are different, but how can some people see the beauty of life while others see life as insignificant.  If partial birth abortion is going to continue, at least FOR HUMANE REASONS, pull the baby out COMPLETELY, don't play that political game where the baby's whole body/trunk is out and the head is almost out and "our law" allow doctors to violently kill it, my goodness if we hate so much, let's give the baby a little respect if you can call it that, pull the baby out and put the baby to sleep with medicine at least DON'T shove a syringe in the head and collapse it...SICK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We have gone too far in the name of "choice"-for-mom! Hitler, Saddam and other brutal dictators are evil, brutal and barberic with their killings, but we are no better, a violent death like partial birth abortion is gruesome!!!!!  America alone kills on average 1 million babies a year with abortions and we are called a "civilized" country? Huh?
Caprii, I couldn't have said it better, myself. With over 40+ million unborn sacrificed at the altar of "choice".
It would also be interesting to poll pro-life advocates to determine how many adopted children are living in their households. Orphans from the African Continent alone would probably eliminate US need for reproduction for several years. Anyone want to bet that of all the pro-life posters on this forum less than 1% have adopted orphaned children?  What is that smell? I can't put my finger on it...oh wait..now I am beginning to see what is smelling...it looks kinda like a...wait...OHHHHHH...its a strawman.
My point was that if pro-life advocates who do not want abortion permitted are concerned, why don't they have an open adoption policy for unwanted babies and offer that alternative to abortion?  I don't know of any pro-life person that is against adoption.
Perhaps you should change the title of the thread to "embracing some living people". A fetus is a living person...it certainly isn't a dead person.  Now, if the perpetual fetus worshippers could drag themselves away from the eternal worship of the fetus to deal with some real problems after all, worrying about the killing of millions is not a big deal...emoticon_rolleyes
Now, if the perpetual fetus worshippers could drag themselves away from the eternal worship of the fetus to deal with some real problems. . . .  How are they even connected?   Approximately 46 million unwanted, innocent human beings are put to death every year worldwide because of abortion and that's not a "real problem"? Well to you it's not, and maybe to you it's more important to find a cure for one disease as opposed to another. Just because people advocate for something, doesn't mean that they can't be an advocate for other things. Maybe you have a simple one-track mind and only can focus on one cause at a time. You want to take up the hunger cause, as your only cause in life, then be my guest.   Hunger and starvation is equally a "real" problem, with life threatening issues, but how you connect the abortion and hunger is beyond me. Maybe I can make an assumption that you were leading up to that all poor people in restrictive government should never reproduce!  Let's put things into perspective. It's all about money and government. People are dying of starvation in regions of the world where land is excellent for farming, etc., ( People are going hungry here in the United State ) and then you have the "fat cats" eating more than their fair share, where the land is unusable for agriculture, like the desert, but the people with financial resources, have the technology, they can survive just about anywhere.   No one should go hungry, but by the same token no one should be put to death because they are simply unwanted. Two totally different subject matters.
Now, if the perpetual fetus worshippers could drag themselves away from the eternal worship of the fetus to deal with some real problems. . . . Could an attitude of more respect and care for fetuses lend itself to an attitude of more respect and care for children?   Are you attempting to establish that care for "fetuses" by pro-lifers promotes an inherent hostility to "children" and their welfare?  Is the logical progression care for fetus=hostility to children or care for fetus=care for children?
Here's an interesting hypothetical situation that I came across recently. It's one of those Catch-22, you can only save one things.   Say you are in a fertility clinic and it's burning down. Over in the corner there is a 2 year old child crying. In the other corner is a petri dish (or test tubes if you like) with 5 blastula embryos in it. You can only save one. Do you save the 2 year old child or do you save the 5 lives in the petri dish?    And this brings up the point of why is it that there are protesters outside abortion clinics that abort pregnancies but there are never protesters outside of fertility clinics where millions MORE embryos are destroyed than ever will be destroyed in abortion clinics?  What gives with that? The fertility clinics are still "killing babies" aren't they? Why are there so many protesters outside abortion clinics and none outside fertility clinics?  and the pro-choicers claim pro-lifers appeal to emotion too much. Nevertheless, I think the embryos would probably be dead if they were just sitting on a counter somewhere so you then save the child.
"What an ironic statement for you to make, Maximus, considering how horribly unwanted children are treated in Roman Catholic Brazil."   You know Simone, if you are going to make general statements, make sure you have an idea of what you are talking about. "Roman Catholic Brazli" treats "unwanted" children poorly (if that is even the case) not because they are Catholics (OBVIOUSLY), but because most of the population lives below the poverty level and have no education. Or are you trying to say, perhaps, that this situation is endorsed by the Catholic Church? Don't be ridiculous, the Church is possibly the most ideologically-coherent institution in the world.  Oh, by the way the value of human life is absolute, it must never be quantified, because you lose perspective, five lives are not worth more or less than one, they are all absolute values, this is why it is unacceptable to "sacrifice a few for the sake of society". So the example of the petrie dish and the baby doesn't make any sense.
Suppose it was a nitrogen filled, cryogenically frozen can of 1,000 littles "lives". I'd still save the child, wouldn't you?  The can is filled with the unwanted (not needed?). Do I know they will live to be inplanted in someone?  I don't know if I completely buy the idea of saving the most amount of people idea....my same thinking would apply if it were 1 little girl and 1 embryo. What if it was a baby hanging half way out of the womb...the mother killed by the fire...and a little girl in the room? Who do you save then?  Trying to think in impossible scenarios will get us no where.
Wait, are you saying that lives can not be compared to anything, even each other? So you could not condone killing someone who would end up killing million's, or someone who was going to rape and brutalise your family in front of each other to the extent they commited suicide (and thus damn their souls)? Not to mention extending this out to other organisms wo's survival is contradictory - or do you have a definition of human that is more precise than the scientific one and can be used in these sort of debates?  Surely if one life is infinitely precious, then two lives are still twice that (pretty sure the math stands for different sized infinitities).  The definition of the human person cannot be merely medical, because that leaves out the anthropological veiw, which is the view that allows us to see the human as a creature with dignity and personality, superior to all other beings. And no, it would not be morally correct to kill someone because they "might" end up killing someone else. This is exactly why, for example, preventive prison is unacceptable, or would you condone that a supsicious perosn be sent to the electric chair before they do anything wrong?  This does not mean we can't ponder the situation. Justice is about balancing values, and so we can accept that someone be legitimally deprived of their liberty because they harmed society, but we cannot condone that an innocent human creature inside their mother be slaughtered because she claims "emotional sanity" to clear up for heir own irresponsibility.
That is clearly just made up, its just saying nice words that you can't really justify. If I wake up in the middle of town, with no pants and covered in jam am I no longer a human being due to losing my dignity? You also realise you that have ruled out feti as being human due to requiring a personality (which I would agree with, well if we were talking person rather than human). In what way in particular are we 'superior to all other beings'?  You misunderstand me. When I say dignity, I'm not talking about someone's social esteem, I am talking about what dignity means in Anthropology. In other words, the value of the human person as having an intelligent and free will, making each one unique and unrepeatable. If you end up in the middle of town with no pants and covered in jam (which I hope has never happened to you.... its pretty graphic), you obviously have not lost your human dignity, in the sense I am talking about.  Also, when I say "personality", I'm not talking about how you act and your mood, etc., I'm talking about the quality of being a person, that is, a unique, unrepeatable creature that is characterised for having an intelligent free will and whose value in themselves is absolute. A fetus doesn't have a personality in the sense you mean, but it does in the sense I mean.  And we are superior to all other beings in the most important way: we are creatures gifted with freedom and intelligence. Animals are not free, they are subjects to their instincts, while we are able to create our own acts, and that is why we are responsible for them. You can't punish your cat for eating your bird, he was forced by his programming, while you can punish your son for whatever, because he is responsible, he acted freely. THis is our superiority.
Now, if the perpetual fetus worshippers could drag themselves away from the eternal worship of the fetus to deal with some real problems. . . .  Well, you've convinced me. Instead of letting the poor babies suffer from malnutrition, let's perform an extremely late-term abortion on them, say at 1 year old? emoticon_rolleyes
This is a very wierd anthropology you are talking about, I was under the impression that it was the study of cultures, particularly how they developed. Free Will is certainly not something that would come up in it as its such as debatable point and doesn't fit very well with how we know the universe works (doesn't fit very well with religion either, but its a different matter). Animals are prefectly capable of problem solving, which surely shows an intelligent will in many cases.  Anthropology is not the study of cultures, it is the study of the human person. "Anthros" is greek for man, and Anthropology is the study of man, both socially and philosophically. The concept of free will I have given fits exactly with religion, in fact, it is the free will of the human person as studied and defined in Cathiolic philosophy. And yes, animals can solve problems, but they do not have a reasoning mind, they have predictable psychological patterns which can be manipulated to give a variety of results. A person is not so easily studied, I think this is pretty obvious.   A fetus has no free will, unless you are arguing some strange point that free will and the mind are completely seperate, let alone any awareness of itself or other things. Value in themselves is absolute, what does this mean? I fail to see how you can use unrepeatable here as well as something which narrows the field down either.   Of course a fetus has no free will, that is exactly why it is an innocent creature, it is incapable of harming anyone because it is incapable of a free act. However, this does not make it less of a person, because despite the fact it has not developed its capabilities, it has them in potential, something animals can't dream of having. When I say something has an absolute value in themselves, I mean that the value of the human person is independent from what that person does, the condition it is in or the capabilities it has or lacks. This is exactly why abortion, euthanasia or the death penalty are unacceptable, they contradict the very foundation of civilisaton: the respect for the independent dignity (absolute value) of the human person.   You can discipline a cat and a dog and it will learn that behaviour is unacceptable much like the child, infact until a few years after birth there isn't a great deal of difference. Not to mention that many primates have a complicated social code, as do dolphins and whales. Even Pigs will form alliances if the experiment rewards them for doing it - its far more complicated than just triggering instincts, they will try to cheat each other and will punish others for cheating them. You can put mice and rats in unusual situations and get them to do tasks that they would never have carried out in the wild. It seems like you have an idea of what you think should seperate people from animals, but don't realise how blurred that line is. Not to mention again, this doesn't apply to feti.  Yes, this is a good point. However, the discipline that animals can learn is always based on the premises of predictability. In other words, an animal will always respond to controlled circumstances in the same, much like a computer will respond the same to the same codes. This is because they have an imprinted programming which, however complex, is never free, it is always predetermined by the preordained instincts, tendencies and patterns of group or solitary behaviour. This includes the behavioural patterns of groups. This is why all animals of the same species will always behave the same under the same circumstances: for instance, as they do in the wild. In a lab, you can gen an animal to do something it would never do in the wild because you understand the springs that make that animal act as it acts in the wild, and trigger those springs with a series of previously determined controlled situations. With people this is never a certainty because you have the factor of free will to consider. People do not react in the same way to similar circumstances because they are free to chose, even with respect to the most basic instincts (for example, voluntary fasting or celibacy go against the instincts we have as biological beings).  Again, the argument of responsibility is relevant here. If you control the behaviour of an animal through a series of different experimental situations, you could never make that animal responsible for what it does, because the animal has no conscience of the consequences of its actions. It does not act freely, it responds to stimuli based on its instincts and previously programmed psychology. A person is always responsible for what they do because they act consciously and thus freely. Could you make a dog responsible for eating a child if it was hungry? It was forced to act by its instinct to survive. However, you can make a person responsible for eating a child, no matter how desperately hungry they were (of course to the point of reasonability).
Ok, then they were sitting in an incubator and you know they are there. You could save them  or save the two year old.  But if they were dead, or if you allowed them to die...  Then would the blastulae (gotta have the right pluralization) burn in hell since they have not accepted Jesus Christ as their savior? I suppose there is a cop out provision for babies and aborigines.  I know this is a no-win situation, that's the point. You have to pick one or the other. People hit me with these things all the time and I give them the truth about which one I'd save.   Since we are future-knowing in this crazy example...  What about if you knew the little embryo on the counter will cure all cancers if saved. Would you still save the little girl? Personally I'd go for an all or nothing thing...save both or die trying :)
What an ironic statement for you to make, Maximus, considering how horribly unwanted children are treated in Roman Catholic Brazil.  Perhaps it might be best to educate your own brethren first. Can you demonstrate to me that it is the Roman Catholicism that is causing the ill treatment? Please elaborate on what is occurring in Brazil and why it is Catholicism that is responsible.
First off no, anthropology does not mean what you think it does. From Wikipedia It is the study of humanity, not of the human person. What you are talking about is philosophy.  The question of what anthropology is irrelevant to the topic of this debate, however, just so you know, I don't live in North America, and so, as your Wikipedia definition says, I have studied a different definition of this area of science. Anyhow, its irrelevant. And no, philosophy is not the study of man, it is the study of objects and the study of knowledge ("ongolog&#237;a" and "gnoseolog&#237;a" in Spanish (sorry, I don't know the exact translation to English, but I'm sure there is)). Again, the study of man is anthropology, at least here in Europe, but whatever.  As for feti - innoncence does not equal value (why we have no problem killing and using other organisms who apparently have no free will), and it is certainly capable of harming people. The fact it harms people is why there is a topic of abortion in the first place, if it didn't do anything to the mother then people would just put them up for abortion. You're also slowly reducing what is required to be a human being now that 'free will' isn't involved. A sperm has the potential of developing free will, most however don't. I'm also going out on a limb and going to say I don't think you accept evolution as true do you? Otherwise you are going to run into problems with your statement that 'animals can not hope to get free will', surely they can because at some point we must have gained it whilst our simpler ancestors did not have it.  Innocence is relevant because only humans can be innocent. Animals cannot be innocent because they are incapable of being responsible for their own acts. This is exactly what I am talking about when I speak of free will. And no, a fetus does not harm anyone in an unreasonable way. The possible "harm" it could cause its mother is not unjustified, it is the price we must pay for the continuation of our species. The fact that people have become so selfish and ridiculously self-centred (product of extreme liberalist individualism) to the point where we are capable of intellectually justifying the murder of our own descendants (thus questioning the validity of the propagation of our own species and relativising the value of our own lives) is sad. And no, a sperm does not have the potential of having free will as a sperm, it has the potential of creating a being that does have that potential. What we see in conception is not just the union of two cells, but an upgrade, if you will, in the category of what we're facing. A zygote is much MUCH more than a sperm + an egg: it is a human being.  With respect to evolution, I am willing to accept it, yes. But only if we part from the premise that the passage from animal to human is such a categoricaly relevant jump that it extracts us from the evolutionary process. We are more than evolved monkeys, we are creatures the likes of which are incapable of being reproduced. This is why we need more than a scientific definition to fully the grasp the true meaning of the human condition: we need philosophy, anthropology (as I defined it), sociology, history, literature, perhaps even theology.  And when I spoke of potential, I didn't mean to the possibility of a monkey species from developing a level of intelligence comparable to our own (a theory which, in any case, I would be willing to contest, but on other grounds). What I mean is that a living monkey (or whatever animal), during the natural course of its life, will never be like a human, while a fetus will.  As for Free Will - its not really the place to discuss it here, but I'd be happy to continue the discussion in the philosophy forum. I personally don't beleive it exists, people react to a stimulus - not in a set way preprogrammed from birth but people won't become priests randomly out of the blue without being brought up in a culture which may encourage it or at the very least have that option being there.  I agree with you, this is not the appropriate forum to discuss free will. Of course, I believe it exists, based basically on the idea of responsibility for one's own acts. But we can discuss that elsewhere.  As for animal experiments - this is just wrong, animals of the same species to not all behave the same. Individuals will behave differently for a variety of factors that would include a wide range of things that would affect humans. Going back to the pigs, some pigs will try to cheat the system, others are more inclined to work together, others will bully the smaller ones into helping. Some dogs are self aware and will recongise themselves in a mirror, others are not able to. If you want you can overcome an animals instincts as they learn new behaviours. Even sea anenomes will do this. Of course the factors that affect humans are a lot more variable and diverse due to culture and wider communication, however to just dismiss all animal behaviour as instinct or set pattern's of behaviour is incorrect. Some animals are entirely instinctive, others can alter them and others actually have only a few instincts. Most predators have to be taught how to hunt and learn which are the best targets, they may have an instinct to pounce but they have to learn everything else. Add in the more social primates and whales and its far more complicated.  This is a very good point. Of course, there are different categories of animals, the psychological patterns and profiles of animal plankton (if they even have any) is evidently different from that of a whale or a dog. What I mean, however, is that there is a greater difference between a human and a chimpanzee than between a chimp and plankton. A chimp can solve problems, it has a complex psychological pattern, it might even develop a certain degree of individuality. The chasm that separates this from a human is so great I think this should be evident to all. A baby, at a given point, might have the same mental development as an adult monkey, but the difference is that we know that baby is not staying there, we know that what the baby has and is as a human perosn will make it supremely superior to anything the chimp will be able to achieve.  Anyway, I want to ask: why is it so hard for you to make a clear distinction between animals and humans? I know animal cruelty is bad, I know we have to protect our environment. But I think it is reasonable to say that I would gladly provoke the extinction of any species if by doing so I could give a single person a worthy life. Why would it be reasonable to make this choice? Because the life of one single perosn is worrth more than the existence of all other inferior beings, that is why. And this is not wrong, it is accepting that we are responsible for our world, but that we must never forget that the value of that world, is more than just inherent, it also lies in how it is useful to us: how the world can help us become better people, and provide for ourselves, make each person have a good life. This is what is really important.  With respect to abortion, I think its a profound fallacy to put feti at the level of animals, it is to make ourselves less than what we are. To put "values" like comfort, ecology or whatever politically correct value above the intrinsical value of our own, of what we must respect above everything: ourselves (and God if you believe). After that we can care for the rest.
A one-year-old child is a fetus? Huh?  I guess that my sarcasm is lost on some people. :xbanghead
First off, before responding to you, I think it is relevant and worthwhile to make this important distinction human-animal because from its ignorance many crimes are being committed. Crimes such as abortion, such as euthanasia, but also genocides, extreme poverty (never before seen in out history) in over half of the population of the Earth.... And it irritates me to hear people speaking of the "rights" of animals or plants, and be willing to save a rainforest even when by doing so it could cause someone harm (I can give you examples of this if you wish).   I admit that philosophy extends beyond 'the study of main' and has different entomology (that is words not insects isn't it?). I wouldn't imagine that Free Will would be a topic a university Anthropology degree covers, the fact that the US alone has it defined the way it does I imagine would set the trend, let alone other European countries recognising the same thing. However most philosophy course will touch on the subject - its not really science (or at least philosophers beat a hasty retreat when science, particularly quantum physics starts getting involved, at least in my experience).   As you say though, this isn't entirely relevant but I would say it raises an important point which hopefully shouldn't be too much of a stumbling block - the use of 'dignity' and what we could term 'philosophical anthropolgy' is not included in what most of the world recognises as 'scientific anthropology'. In which case I don't think it is a valid argument when it comes to using it to point out physical differences between humans and other organisms.  The differences that I want to point out between animals and persons are not merely physical, if that was my idea, then of course the ideas of dignity or free will would be irrelevant. This is why, for example, it is methodically incorrect for scientists (physicists, medical doctors, chemists, biologists, etc.) to claim to comprehend the phenomenon of human freedom or of dignity through knowledge acquired in their own, narrow areas of science. Now, of course I don't want to point out only the physical differences, because on the physical arena, many animals could be said to be superior to man in many aspects (faster, stronger, better armed for certain tasks, etc.). Our superiority lies in other areas.   Animals are innocent, surely the fetus isn't only allowed to count as innocent as it will eventually develop the ability to sin? At that point in time it is incapable of sinning, much like an animal. Also not all feti are required for the propagation of the species, we seem to be propagating just fine as it is, if not a little too well in some cases.  Only humans can be (strictly speaking) innocent, precisely because we are capable of committing sins. The fact that the fetus will have the capability of making bad choices (again, going back to free will) makes it an innocent creature, because it has not made them. An animal makes no choices, neither bad nor good, it acts not out of freedom, but due to other psychological springs. All feti imply a propagation of the human species, the conception and birth of a human person is, by definition, a propagation of our species. It is irrelevant if that birth takes place in the middle of Mexico City or in some oasis lost in the Sahara. The fact that the current rate of population increase in the world is sufficiently high is no justification for the slaughtering of people (perhaps, on this point, you should consider what happened in China with the "one child" policy).   Really I think I would take the opposite stance to you, given that the steps we have taken evolutionarily have been very gradual, I don't think if you were presented with an individual from each generation from now to some squirrel like thing you would be able to point to one and say 'There! That's when free will appears!' or even to say which one you think is clearly the first modern human. When considered like this I think it is unreasonable to claim that a fetus is any different from something to which at that specific time is physiologically near identical two. Regardless where you look at along that time scale, blastocysts (just a hollow ball of cells) will appear identical, I have a problem saying that one in particular is special even though at the moment all that differs are genes which hasn't been turned on yet.   I don't think you could actually demonstrate free will, or dignity in anything either and the various abilities that very simple and unthinking organisms (like social insects) have would make it complicated to determine whether or not a completely novel organism (hypothetically an alien or suchlike) has those important properties. On the otherhand it would be relatively easy to determine whether you are inflicting suffering on them and certainly not impossible to judge whether or not it is balanced out by the suffering inaction would inflict on others  With respect to evolution, I agree with you, I too think it would be hard to find a single, concrete point in history in which a full human person was born out of some other kind of less evolved creature. With evolution, this is true about all species. However, what is important here is not when it happened, but rather that it happened: it is what we have now. Today, we have creatures called humans that have a special characteristic, they are intelligent and they are free. This is why we mustn't compare feti to animals. Since you like animals so much, lets use an animal example. Would you say that a baby dog, in the womb of its mother, is comparable to, say, a snail? Is the fact that that baby dog has not yet developed all the capabilities of its species enough to make it less than what it is (a dog)? Of course not. A dog is a dog, since conception to death. Just like a human.  The possibility of an alien having free will as we have it is absolutely irrelevant to the topic at hand. The fact is we have not heard of anyone that is similar to us, so lets not hypothesise that much, and lets stay with what is real.
Every form of life that has ever existed are the likes of which are incapable of being reproduced. There is nothing special about humans in this regard at all, we are unusual in the fact that we are the most highly evolved in the self awareness stakes. Thats not to say no other animals are self aware- that is notoriously difficult to test for in the living and utterly impossible to do with life that is extinct.  Good point. Every species is, of course, uinique. What I meant is that there is a greater differentiation between humans and animals than among animals. What is special about humans is not only self-awareness (as you said, there are other self-aware animals). The difference, as I have stated repeatedly in my replies to Tastyfish, lies elsewhere, and it is not merely physiological or neurological.  They all study aspects of our nature, I wonder if dolphins would have produced the same if given hands?  I think it is fully reasonable to say that no, if given hands dolphins would probably be incapable of producing any form of civilisation. Basically, because to create civilisaton you need to have a society, and there are no animals that live in society, they live in groups and interrelate, yes, but that is not a society.  Why the need to view humans as "supremely superior?" We are very smart and versatile but it is blindness to put ourselves on a pedestal above other animals because of our great intellect.  If you read my responses to Tastyfish along this thread, you will see that I have rarely spoken of intellect as a clear measure of distinciton between animals and humans. The difference is much more profound, although it is founded, in several ways and levels, on intellect.  Why are all your "inferoir beings" inferior to humans at all? I really cannot believe you have such a high opinion of humanity and such a low one of the rest of the animal kingdom.  &#205;deologies set aside, using only your common sense, do you consider yourself an equal to a dog, to a fish, to a snail, to an anemone? Would it be indifferent for you if a child was killed to save a dog? Or if a group of people were left without sustenance to save a rainforest? I sincerely hope not.
No need, I totally understand what you are saying (though I'd probably say that the extreme poverty is more the greatest difference between haves and have nots rather than poverty, its a very flexible idea). I just think there is a very dangerous yet very easy step to make when it comes to trying to fix this, especially at the moment when you look at different focuses - should we place the survival of rainforests over a brazilian farmer? Yes. Should the issue even be arising where the mexican farmer is in such a state where he is forced to compete with it to maintain the very barest standard of living? No. Whilst I may argue from a point of view that recognises animal rights, I assure you that I'm not looking from a 'ban animal testing and grant rabbits the vote' point of view. I personally beleive that my philosophy takes this into account, more or less.  Honestly, I did believe you were, to some extent, a "ban animal test and grant rabbits the vote" activist. However, I see you aren¡'t. Point understood.   Indeed it does, we are better a problem solving to a degree, though it must be said that for the really hard ones we turn to dumb systems to solve it out the hard way for us. At this very moment in time my computer is assisting in protein folding, its something we can't work out by just thinking about it but it can be done by using billions of processes a minute to work out every possible one and then pick the best. Just for the record, hardcore science geek here. So 'purely physical' is a slightly difficult term to use, sure animals can run faster, but the brain is still part of the purely physical aspect if you don't add souls and suchlike. However, given that governements are supposed to opperate from a secular point (whether constitutionally guarunteed in some cases, or just regarded as a Good Thing by ours) its this purely naturalistic viewpoint you have to satisfy. If only not to upset Buddists.  I can't argue with your point on the brain, it makes sense. However, I was arguing about a special human quiality that is derived from a more profound essence, something..... metaphysical (although it would probably be more acurately described as spiritual (not necessarily a soul as understood theologically, but rather using the definition of spirit given by Plato and Aristotle)). I see now we are speaking on different categories. However, I think it's important to understand that the human person is not a union of parts, physical, psychological, spiritual, etc., but a unified entity. So if we are going to make a debate on free will, the categories of that debate will have to lie between the psychological and the spritual (platonic and aristotelic spirit).   It really depends on the definition of sin you use, given that 'sin' refers to breaking a holy law. A fair few laws that society upholds are not mentioned in various holy books (if commandements against spam advertising emails were included in the Koran or the Bible and had lasted to this day I would be impressed and likely have Jesusguard 3.0 on my PC). Animals are perfectly capable of breaking holy law - I've seen lions eat a pig/warthog and have seen footage of various animals being gay, there is a gay gene in drosophila (fruit flies). I can't see how you can bring free will into this without it becoming a religious arguement, in which case surely it is up to the individual then, with practising Christians refusing abortion and those who don't beleive doing what they think is right.   A lion eating a pig or animals engaging in homosexual activity is not a rupture of holy law. A rupture of law, in order for it to be relevant, as I have been repeating, must be caused by an act born of free intellegent will. A lion eating a pig or any animal being gay is not making a conscious choice, so they are not breaking any law. The lion eating a pig is satisfying his hunger, and an animal being gay is probably some sort of biological dysfunctionality.   If we get wierder (I think that unless you consider hypothetical situations that fall outside the normal case you haven't really thought hard enough about the topic (but then I also like brackets)) there will be some cases where it is beneficial to limit our own population for the sake of the species (unless we are hard core Gaians).  Yes, this is important, but killing people is not the appropriate means.   Perhaps we should have that Free Will debate, unless you think that you position still holds if animals have free will or neither of us do? If so I'd be happy to continue the debate from a set of assumptions you set (say humans have free will but other organisms don't)  I agree, we should start the free will debate in the philosphy forum. Of course if animals have free will or if neither of us do, then I would consider my point stricken down.   If you can not indentify that physical characteristic, then it doesn't really exist. We both would rescue a baby over a puppy if we were forced to make a split second disicion, if I had to think about it I would still rescue the baby.  However I don't think you could justify that choice being based on whether a organism has free will or not. The fact that its possible to have a debate over it shows that the issue isn't as clear cut as you may think, other than they consider fewer variables I don't think animal thinking (meaning mammals mostly) is that significantly different than humans.   Of course the valie of humans is not only about free will, its a value that encompasses much more of what the person is. Also, I think the impulse to save a baby is also born from an inherent tendency to feel more empathy for our own. Anyway, we should have that debate.
Look at the title of this thread, "Embracing the Living Person, Not the Fetus".   Simply put ignorance is bliss. Let's break it down shall we?  "Embracing the Living Person". Now Simone and others of the same mind, MAY believe a fetus is not "LIVING", but this is false, it is "living". Then she goes on to title it "not the fetus" as if a fetus is some form of IT and not a person, well, contrary to that belief, a fetus is a person, a human person.  However, people like Simone, and there are millions, and I don't fault them, its in their upbringing, refuse to believe a "living human person" exist inside the womb. It's the weirdest thing. Kind of like defending slavery as necessary, kind of like considering women property, is the same mentality where people believe a fetus is NOT a "living person".
But take away our hands and we are unable to develop writing and all that goes with that- would we then have formed societies as we know today? I doubt it very much. I think this is a most relevant point as it is not only our minds that allow us to form our complex social groups but also our ability to shape the physical world around us through the interface of our hands. I used the comparison of dolphins as they are viewed to have highly developed minds but lack a body plan that allows them to manipulate their surroundings as we can.  Why do you give these examples? The fact of the matter is that dolphins (or any other animals) have no civilisation or society, the fact that this is the way of things must mean something.  The notion of the soul is one of belief not fact.  Well, this depends. The theological concept of soul is based on a philosophical notion developed by Plato and Aristotle called the spirit. This is the seat of the human's intelligenca and free will. This is the distinction Aristotle makes between animals and humans,  You juxtapose three very different matters in this statement. Firstly you ask how I consider humans compared to other animals, much in terms of complexity. Well, I'd say we are more derived (or advanced if you will) than the examples you give, particularly the invertebrates. But we are still animals all the same and would not use a term like superior to describe us as our "superiority" is not assured. Strip us of our society and education and we won't last very long, the other animals are much, much more self sufficient than we are.  Why continue talking about "what ifs"? "Strip us of our society and our education"? Of course we cannot survive in a jungle for long without our knowledge, but the fact that we live in society and have knowledge is the way we act in the world. The question you ask is like me saying "strip an eagle of its wings, its beak, its eyesight and its claws and they won't last very long"...  Then you ask if I think there is equivalence between the life of a human baby and another animal from a personal perspective. The answer is quite obviously no as we protect fellow people from danger and harm, it is a survival instinct.  Doesn't the existence of that survival "instinct" (as you call it) mean something to you? What is the truth that lies beneath this tendency to save our own? Is it really just an instinct?  Finally you then ask if it is preferential to put the needs of people before that of the natural environment. It is very difficult not to do so as we are inclined to try provide for the needs of all members of our social group and protect them from harm. At the same time we have to be aware of the destructive impact of our existance in modern terms (ie. the huge worldwide population) as if we always consider everything secondary to ourselves we may one day find we have consumed so much the environment we depend upon to survive can no longer sustain us.  I agree with you, we must protect the environment. But that protection must never occur in detriment of the needs of people. NEVER.
Depends how loosely you define civilisation and culture - as a language, set of teachings and preferences, they do have a culture. Its just very primative and quite alien to us - take Orcas they don't speak to each other instinctively, different groups from different areas hunt in different ways and will show no interest in hunting what another group of whales in the same area recognises as prey. Sure they don't use tools (sort of) but that is more due to their environment making tool use not a valid strategy which would probably place a limit on how far their society can develop. Its also argueable that you will almost never get two 'civilisations' of different species existing at once, due to competition for various niches and the time it takes. Do you think that if humans suddenly disappeared and the planet was left for another several million years no other civilisation could arise?  What? Animals have civilisation? I think you are extending yourself a bit too much here. Civilisation is a phenomenon exclusive of humanity. It is the state of culture typical of human societies in which we see the presence and development of sciences, arts, ideas and customs. Animals have nothing comparable to this. And no, if humans became extinct, there would probably be nothibng comparable to what we call civilisation for thousands, if not millions, of years (considering the possibility that it would take place again, because I would be willing to argue that it would not happen again).   Aristotle also thought vultures had three testicles...turns out they don't. I don't beleive that the ancient greeks had the knowledge or technology to come to a better idea of how the mind works than we do, especially as they didn't just arrive at the idea of a soul but were basing it off a mythological start point. From a non-supernatural start point I think that occum's razor deals with the issue of spirit, intelligence and free will. You get exactly the same thing if you don't include any spiritual things, there isn't any massive unexplained gaps that call for this.  I see now you didn't uderstand what I'm speaking about. I cannot believe you can dismiss Aristotle, the father of science, on such ridiculous grounds. The spirit defined by Aristotle is not a faith-based concept, it is simply the name he gave to that metaphysical seat of intelligence and free will. Aristotle's sprirt is not a supernatural concept. Also, Aristotle had nothing to do with mythology, he did not believe in it and he barely mentions it ever, just like Socrates, Parmenides or Plato the other fathers of Western thought (otehrwise, their value for us would be zero). It surprises me a lot to see you write this. Besides, if you think Aristotle's spririt concept is obsolete, it has been followed by Seneca, St. Thomas Aquinas, Descartes, Kant.... It is a very constant idea throughout the history of philosophy.   In which case its certainly useful to look to other animals and see if this as really unique a thing as we think. A lot of animals will die for their young, or even a close relative. It works out to be beneficial to your genes if you help people.  What? Generosity is merely a response to genetic selfishness? I'm sorry, but I refuse to accept this. People are generous because they chose to be. Otherwise, where is the value of generosity?  Also, I've never said we are something different from nature, I say that we have been given the power to control and shape it. This is a big responsibility, but also a very good advantage. We mustn't be wary to use the world for our purposes, but always making sure we don't harm it irrevocably.
You've just said that civilisation = human culture, in which case clearly only humans have it. I was just saying that what we see as civilisation, like almost everything else about humans, is just a more developed version of what we see elsewhere. Other animals have a society if you just the definition, and don't add the various inferences of what we are usually thinking of. Otherwise we have some wierd magic moment where suddenly civilisation and culture appears in some caveman somewhere, rather than just his interactions with other members of his social group becoming increasingly more complex.  One thing is to make an inference about the possibility of our civilisation merely being an advanced stage of what animals have, and another completely different is to denaturalise the meaning of these terms. Civilisation, linguistically, is limited to the human area precisely because it is a human phenomenon. To extend the meaning of this word is to destroy that meaning, and leave it (if you allow me the redundance) meaningless. What animals have can be called group patterns or whatever you like, even a lesser step before civilisation, but it is not civilisation. I see that you have a very Darwinian view of history, I think you should reconsider this idea, becaus the development of the world, and of humanity, is not linearly upwards. There is no such thing as constant progress, even in the areas of science and technology. What we have are ups and downs in our history, but to believe that everything will always be moving forward (including animal group patterns becoming civilisations) is I think a bit na&#239;ve.   I will admit that I am unfamiliar with a lot of Aristotle and the other greek philosophers, however 'fathers of western thought' is certainly an exgeration from what I've seen. Maths and Science probably owes at least as much to the middle east as the greeks. I also have a real problem with philosophy seperated from science - the soul isn't the seat of intelligence, because its clearly the brain. Start poking around and removing bits of it and bits of intelligence suddenly disappear.  Darwin is the father of evolution - however practically nothing of what he wrote about it now is really used other than the modified version of his initial idea. Even if Aristotle is the father of modern science, he wouldn't recognise anything from it if he was shown it and vice versa, that this soul as a seat of intelligence and free will concept lasted so long is proof of that.   First off, the knowledge of mathematics (particularly geometry and except for algebra) the Arabs had was taken from the Greeks. The merit the Arabs had was to preserve that knowledge while in Europe we lived through the Middle Ages. The knowledge of Science the Arabs had is almost exclusively Greek. The Greeks had such an advanced knowledge of the world that a Greek mathematician (whose name I've forgotten) was capable of measuring the circumference of the Earth so precisely that his measurement remained truth until after the Renaissance. The Greeks are the fathers of Western thought: according to St. Thomas Aquinas (one of the greatest philosophers of all time) their philosophy, added to Roman law and Christianity, constitute the three pillars of Western civilisation.  You still don't understand Aristotle's idea. His concept of spirit is not contradictory with your statement that the seat of intelligence is the brain. The word spirit does not indicate, for Aristotle, a supernatural ethereal being, it is merely the name of what he considered to be the core of the human person (be it biologically seated in the brain or in the second toe of the left foot): intelligence and free will.  The fact that Aristotle would not recognise or understand much of modern science is precisely why we call him the father of science. Although he might not completely comprehend quantum physics (although, considering he was a man gifted with a profoundluy penetrating intellect, he might have, given time, grasped it, after all, he was the first to think of the atom), he is the perosn who first designed the scientific method. He was the first to say that science (knowledge, better), must be based on observation of the outside world. All the fundamental, basic, kindergarden level principles of science, which you take for granted and which seem so obvious to you, had to be thought up by some genius mind: Aristotle's.
Ah fair enough, my view of philosophy has been soured somewhat after a module on it as part of an Arts/Science option for my degree. Far to much focusing on the 'thats deep man' side of things with a teacher who had little to no grasp of science at all.  I shall have to hunt down some stuff on Aristotle and read it up.  Having ups and downs over the course of history isn't really at odds with a 'darwinian view of history'. Where would you draw the boundary between civilisation and a tribe of hunter gatherers? To me, civilisation is more an interaction between different groups and I wouldn't call what the isolated amazonian tribes have a civilisation, a society certainly but not a civilisation. Would you agree with me on this sort of definition? That a civilisation implies interactions beyond just one tribe/family group?  I agree with you. Civilisation is a certain level of culture that not all societies have reached.
Now, if the perpetual fetus worshippers could drag themselves away from the eternal worship of the fetus to deal with some real problems. . . .  Why don't you consider genocide as a real problem?
Do you think it should be treated like a conventional genocide though? You can't really have it both ways of condemning the bombing of clinics and calling it a genocide, even a lot of pro-lifers here would say that even though a fetus' rights should be respected they are not really quite at the same level of the sort of things that happen in Africa or Eastern Europe (until recently, sort of).   Would you really chose to prevent 5 abortions or the murder of a family of 4 if it were in your power? Emotive language isn't really a very good thing to use in places like this, it just irritates your opponents and gets picked apart for not being accurate whilst making it seem like you arn't really open to debate. Course if you actually genuinely consider it a genocide, fair enough, you just need to explain your reasoning and make sure you really actually mean that.  I condemn the bombing of clinics, just as I condemn the killing of innocent people in the womb.
Yet would you also condem the killing of a serial killer? Or of a soldier on peace keeping duties trying to defend civilians from an attack by opposed militia?  Do you really think its the same as genocide, or are embryos and fetus important enough not to be allowed to be aborted but not as important as, for want of a better word, real people?  What! Why are they not real people?  They are not plastic.
There arn't really terms for these things, and the terms we have have thousands of definitions - I'm talking about people in the way you would encounter in everyday life rather than things that are technically people but nothing like someone you would meet on the street. I've no problem really with feti and embryo being referred to along with human (unless you are implying therefore that the human definition is something special) but I'll tend to use person to refer to a child/adult human (rather than adult human as it implies you are leaving babies and children out).   You can encounter the unborn in everyday life too, through ultra sound, 3D scans, listening to their heartbeat through a stethoscope, etc, etc..
Thats not everyday life, thats looking at feti.  For the sake of the argument - we are talking about concious and developed humans. I find it a lot easier to say people and just assume you know what I am trying to say, the fact that we are nitpicking each other's points here shows the whole problem with the nomenclature.  Can we agree to this system for the time being, just to argue the points at least?  Human = Anything that is, or will develop into a Human Being/Homo Sapian Person = Someone who has been born, regardless of age Fetus = Anything that is, or will develop into a Human Being/Homo Sapian but has not yet been born (not strictly accurate, but it can do for now)   How about we just accept facts as they are?  A human is a human.  A person is someone born if you accept conception as the birth of a person.   Foetus is an unborn human/Person.
By definition, clearly. I don't though, but hey lets go with this for now.  So then, to the original point, you apparently condemn killing, however....  Yet would you also condem the killing of a serial killer? Or of a soldier on peace keeping duties trying to defend civilians from an attack by opposed militia?  Do you really think its the same as genocide, or are embryos and fetus important enough not to be allowed to be aborted but not as important as a born person, possibly with dependents of their own?  I condemn all killings.   Abortion is genocide; it is the systematic destruction of the unwanted.
You're avoiding the question - to put it simply, is it moral to kill to preserve more lives? Is it moral to let someone else kill someone - are you really acting as if there is a genocide going on, or just a political issue you disagree with?  How does: aborting millions of people save peoples lives?  Other than discussing it with me here, what have you physically done to prevent this genocide being carried out?   I may have persuaded an indecisive woman who is contemplating the killing of her son or daughter, to let them live if she reads this. Unlike you who has much blood on the hands and is responsible for the deaths of many people because you have upheld an ideology that lacks the proof that foetuses are not people.
You ever eaten meat? Then there is blood on your hands, its just that probably you like me don't consider it important (though I do feel a little bit bad about it, vegetarianism is one of my grey areas). I may have influenced people to get an abortion if they read this and agree with me, however clearly I don't really consider that death important.  We are built to eat meat, I will always eat meat, and meat is good for us, however abortion is bad for us. How weak is your argument that you resort to comparing abortion to eating meat? That is very poor indeed.   What I do think is horrendous is the willingness to cause all kinds of suffering in the name a of a flawed philosophy or religion. We both see our ideologies as being for the greater good, I just think that mine is more robust and thought through than yours.  I see no problem inflicting suffering on something that can not suffer, without a mind something is just a machine. I think that torture is worse than death, and its this sort of idea which helps form my pro-choice opinions. If the option is to reduce the quality of life of a person so that they will have a baby, or allow them to have a child when they can properly care for it there seems only one obvious choice for me.  Where did I mention religion?  Abortion causes great suffering for the mother in terms of guilt and regret, not to mention the damage it causes society.
Do not assume this, as it is not always a given.  I have never assumed this is "always a given".   What damage does it cause society? I'm drawing a blank. Thanks.  Don't you think killing innocent people harms society?
Read the rest of what I am saying, not just the keywords. We appear built to invent and build things, otherwise we would not have done it - eating meat and abortion at this moment in time are both things that seem to be a product of our nature .  Yes we are designed to eat meat, but there is nothing to suggest that we should kill our own, that is not natural. Giving birth is natural, utilising man made objects to brutally destroy our unborn is not.  Not that we should bow to nature all the time, but saying that we are physiologically capable of eating meat justifies it is no different than saying 'because we can' for anything.   No, we are built to eat meat - fact! That is why we have the specific teeth and jaw configuration to facilitate it. Our bodies are not inbuilt with: Suction Catheters, Cannulas, Curettes, Forceps, and Syringes with Spinal Needles. Are they?  Some people think literally that 'meat is murder' we don't because we don't recognise the animals being used for food as being the same sort of thing we are. I don't think early embryos are the same sort of thing we are and so don't have any real problem with getting rid of them.   Hitler didn't think Jews "where the same sort of thing that he was, and so didn't have any real problem with getting rid of them" either.  I said flawed philosophies which should cover it, just added religion as a seperate thing to avoid a 'you think christians are deluded!' remark.  It is your philosophy that is flawed.   Now that you need some stats for, most of the time this gets brought up it is actually the other way round. Childbirth is far more stressful than an abortion, even if we exclude the pregnancy and actual child rearing from it as well - in recongition of Steeeve I'll also point out that both are only risky in 1 in a few tens of thousands if not more, but of the two abortion is slightly safer (results in few fatalities per 1000 performed compared to 1000 births).  As for society I really can't see what problems you are talking about with abortion, infact there are some stats that point toward legalised abortion leading to a significant drop in the crime rate.  What! Child birth is far more stressful? What woman will claim that they enjoyed their abortion? Yet many women claim that they enjoyed the birth of their child and for many it is the happiest and most proud moment in their lives. Who can say that their abortion was the happiest and proudest moment in their life?  As for your comments about society, I really cannot see a reduction in crime. Besides all the stats show crime is constantly increasing, so much so that the police don't even pursue petty crime anymore.   Furthermore, if abortion has destroyed criminals it has destroyed good citizens too, and I think it is well worth remembering that people are innocent until proven guilty.
Harms society means a knock on effect other than the action itself which will effect someone who hasn't originally involved - so if hypothetically we found that abortion led to children being considered expendable and used for slave labour, which in turn wrecked the economy by removing the vast percentage of working class jobs - then there is a clear harm to society caused originally by abortion.  No, the question is: Don't you think killing innocent people harms society?  To me it seems that banning abortion would have the biggest net harm on society - it makes it harder to acheive gender equality in the workplace which will further discourage women from working, this means that most families will be started earlier with only one lower wage than if they had been able to start when they wanted to. This reduces the chance of the kid being able to go to college or uni and change the conditions of their birth (the US and UK have the least ammount of social mobility in the western world). This then either leads to a large drop in the standard of living for the working classes as they need to be able to compete with cheaper overseas populations (on their one income as well) or leads to a large unemployment rate, which wil in turn make more people turn toward crime.  That is utter gibberish, are you aware that the USA and Europe are on the brink of bankruptcy because there is such a low birth-rate which means less people paying taxes, at a time when the ageing population is in need of pensions?  The USA and Europe need workers that badly that mass immigration is the only way to avoid bankruptcy, and it has recently been estimated that even a huge mass immigration programme will not avert the problem.
Those problems are derived from circumstances far more complex than aging populations or the relatively small number of abortions, .004% of the total US population in 2005.   No, if you had 295,734,134 people and most of them where requiring pensions, it doesn't take a super brain to realise that the few that can work would have to pull in enough money to compensate for the huge elderly population. Therefore the ratio from worker to pensioner does not justify the economic situation and bankruptcy must inevitably follow. This is not even taking into account the huge personal debt the average American has to pay. The situation is very desperate indeed.  The paradox is that you are killing the solution to the problem in the millions.
You said it. Incorrect, I have never said it was, "always a given".   I just want you to remember that not everyone falls into this category.  But surely it is more important to remember those that do fall into this category.  No, I really don't. I would like to see some statistical information about how this is. Enlighten me. If I can see concrete evidence rather than "it effects morale" (how?) and "we're not churning out enough little worker bees" (should women become mandated baby factories to support the population?) then I'll be happy to change my mind that killing feti harms society.  If killing innocent people doesn't harm society, why is it illegal to kill innocent people?
No, it's not more important. It's very important to help these women, of course, but don't forget about the ones who don't feel regret. Of course, this is no perk to the anti-choice crowd. Impossible that a woman would have an abortion and not feel guilt! She must be some soulless heathen incapable of having any real feelings. We must tell her what she should feel! (Not directed at you; just a societal thought) So you think it is not more important to remember those that receive great suffering in terms of guilt and regret, as oppose to those that have no regrets?   But would you ban abortion because some women feel guilty? No, I would ban abortion because it is genocide.   It's apparently, by your own definition, not. Since (I believe) you define abortion as killing innocent people, and abortion is legal, it's not. Correct, so if killing innocent people doesn't harm society, why is it illegal to kill innocent people?  So how is killing innocent unborn persons harmful to society? Well, consider what would happen if every pregnancy ended that way?
A .004% US population increase from attempted banning of abortions is not a solution.  46 million people have been aborted since abortion was legalised, they would have had children too, each of them paying thousands and thousands in taxes. These 40 million potential tax payers and their children, almost certainly would have saved you from bankruptcy if they where allowed to contribute to your country. However, you decided to kill them and now you are regretting it.   Too bad.
Pretty lame argument. Using current average income, average % of taxation and those over 18 years of age from 1973, they couldn't even cough up enough annual tax money for one month of expenses in Iraq. That's assuming the odds of enough aborted embryo making it into the top 5% of taxpayers who furnish 60% of tax revenue, an entirely different statistical calculation based on potential socioeconomic status of aborted embryos, unknown to my knowledge. I suggest getting back on your moral ride as your numbers don't work.  Just one American = Bill Gates = Millions paid in taxes, Microsoft, etc, etc.   46 000 000 Americans = who knows?
No but we have a brain and opposable thumbs to make them, if the development of carnivorous charactistics can justify eating meat, then the development of abortion justifies that as well. There are plenty of things we have as relics from an earlier time, by physically and behaviourly that we would really prefer not to have.  You said I have blood on my hands for eating meat, I demonstrate it is natural to eat meat, so your reply is to justify abortion on the premise that we have opposable thumbs and a brain. That is a weak argument for justifying abortion. In that case everything man does with his hands is justifiable.   Pathetic.   Don't you Godwin me! Hitler didn't think the Jews weren't people, they were a convenient scapegoat more than anything. The Nazis considered them more enemies than animals.   It makes no difference my reply is a perfect counter claim to your statement.   What is Godwin?  A lot of that is due to them then having a baby, rather than the process itself. Giving birth to a child is more physically and mentally stressful than having an abortion, and rates of depression following child birth (primarily due to the changes in hormone balances) are high than those after abortion (from guilt etc).   No one would agree with that, and I would like you to backup that claim with stats.   It is enjoyable to give birth, that is why millions of people do it. Or do you think they do it to damage society as well as to bring stress and pain onto themselves?   Show me those stats, I see if I can get you the ones that showed a big drop in the crime rates a generation after abortion was introduced. Came up in a discussion about freakonomics elsewhere.  You never answered the question on genocide, do you honestly think it is more moral to stand back and let genocide happen than to do something, or that it isn't better to sacrifice one life for many?  Are you being silly? Crime is rife! Especially since abortion was introduced. Besides, good people would not exist too, due to abortion. What a weak argument you are making here.  If I am allowed to eat animals, why can't I buy panda burgers, or have condor omlettes?   I won't stop you.   Clearly 'innocent people' is a far larger group than is being discussed.   Elucidate.   Sometimes killing innocent people is going to be harmful, other times it will be beneficial (abortion, possibly collatoral damage in a war). Not to mention the fact that feti are not necessarily people to everyone.   Only sometimes?  As for banning abortion due to a retiring population - you realise you are advocating a pyramid scheme here, just means you have put off the problem for your kids to deal with. The system is not designed for the populations that are starting to emerge, just feeding more bodies into it is not going to help in the long term at all, if the numbers are even large enough to make a difference. Your numbers are just wrong I'm afraid, as most of those abortions would be children and in a lot of cases you would be reducing the amount that their parents are paying in taxes as well.   No, not really, the obesity problem of your generation means that your parents will probably out live you. The facts are like this: you need a working population that is bigger than the population in retirement or things turn ugly.  The fewer the workers the higher the taxes, don't even bother attempting to claim abortion will ease the heavy taxes, it just isn't true. You are only demonstrating a lousy knowledge of economics.
I think it's important to remember them both. Where are you going with this? Women who have abortions and feel terrible guilt need help, women who have abortions and do not feel terrible guilt need help to-why did they have an abortion and what can we do to prevent more, for starters.  So what was the point in saying this:   "I just want you to remember that not everyone falls into this category."   If not to insinuate that some women do not feel guilt and regret after abortion?   I'm not getting it...didn't I already answer this?  It isn't...according to you...since abortion "kills innocent people" and that's legal.  Or do you mean people who live outside the womb, with sentient minds, thoughts, & responsibilities? Society ranks people, whether we appreciate this or not, and a six week old fetus death is different versus the loss of a six year old girl. This is clear b/c society allows for abortion.   So you do agree after all, killing innocent people does harm society?  They don't...so what's your point?   I'm still hoping that you have something to tell me about how it harms society. The point is you said: "So how is killing innocent unborn persons harmful to society?"  And I said: "Well, consider what would happen if every pregnancy ended that way?"  So you can now see how killing innocent people can harm society.  So women should be forced into childbirth to churn out little worker bees to pay taxes?  No, they should stop killing humans for the sake of sex.   Think about this; that many kids and their kids would've used up environmental resources, tax dollars, jobs, etc. Maybe we'd have made more strides in hydrogen fuel cell technology by now, but we'd be up crapcreek trying to feed them all, educate them all...etc. Here is yet another anti-choicer who doesn't care about the children s/he is forcing into life. I like it much better when you're on the moral bandwagon, at least I can empathize with that.  Did Bill Gates take up jobs or did he create them?  Do you realise how much energy it requires to make hydrogen? It defeats the objective; besides hydrogen has been around for years as have the prototype cars.   Would you like to be in a collision in a hydrogen car? There would be a mighty explosion if you did, not nice, trust me.
Are you saying your solution to this economic problem is the promotion of unwanted pregnancies? Milton Friedman, move over.  If people are going to promote abortion as having economic benefits, I will show them that it does not, in fact I will demonstrate the truth, and that is the negative effect it will have on the economy.   My solution to an unwanted pregnancy is:   Don't get pregnant.
Georged, krikey! You keep forgetting the most important aspect of forced pregnancies and huge birth rates:  CANNON FODDER!!!  Gosh, oh golly gee! Just think how happy BushyBoy would be to have all those tender young bodies hustled off to fight in Iraq, sans body armor, armored vehicles, adequate equipment for warfare.  He loves the bloodshed and death of warfare! After all, He's a:  WAR PRESIDENT!!!!!  and don't you forget that!!!  More illogical rhetoric from our resident dissident. :xbanghead
Whilst you claim that anything natural is fine, there is some preliminary research that suggests that a tendancy toward rape maybe partially genetic after studying similar behaviour in the great apes - guess this is fine by you then as its natural.  Whilst you can claim only: "some preliminary research that suggests" this. We can dismiss the claim until there are good grounds that actually satisfactorily prove this is true.  There is really no difference between a organism evolving to be able to eat meat and a society developing some form of technology far as morality goes. Both happened due to pressures and oppertunities - its how you use things that matter, not whether you can If you can prove evolution is a fact, sure.  Godwin's law is part of the internet debating culture, essentially the first person to mention Hitler or the Nazis ends and loses the argument. Clearly we rate things, whether they are people, things or actions. Just because Hitler may have decided that Whites rate over Jews, doesn't mean that because we think victims rate over criminals, or people rate over fetuses, or humans rate over animals we are doing exactly the same he did. If it makes you feel any better Hitler actually had no science backing him up, whereas we do (who ever side you chose).   You are the first to mention the Nazis, not me.   They do it because they want kids, I had certainly been led to beleive that it is very painful though (to the point its not uncommon that very strong pain killers are quitre often prescribed). There are mothers here, I'm sure they will tell you that whilst it may be a wonderful and magical event, it still hurts. Regardless of that even, it is more dangerous.  Type of pregnancy---------------Death rate  Pregnancy termination--------- 0.567 per 100,000 terminations Miscarriage----------------------1.19 per 100,000 miscarriages Live birth -----------------------7.06 per 100,000 live births Ectopic pregnancy ------------ 31.9 per 100,000 ectopic pregnancies  Estimates based on data from <57 million pregnancies in the US from 1991 to 1999.  Reference: Grimes, D. American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology 2006; 194:92.  A person dies in every abortion, and sometimes two or more.  I've not seen the stats personally, but following the debate I've seen little to make me question them. Perhaps someone else might be able to provide them, not sure where to look and I've not read the book itself.    - Innocent people Clearly there are a vast number of innocent people with all different circumstances. Feti arn't being selected for death because they are innocent, but on a totally different critera which will not apply to other people in anyway. Its also illegal to kill innocent people because the law doesn't recognise feti as being people, I'd also point out that its illegal to kill people full stop no matter whether they are guilty or not (unless you are at war, or the government but even then its an issue).   Since you have failed to prove your point, it would have been easier for you to just say so.  Are you claiming "personhood" is a legal term?  Nope, means you old folks need to pay your own way with the money you saved up or start working again. People are generally living longer (unless they are as you say particularly unhealthy) and so can work longer, our retirement boundaries were set a very long time ago. At some point someone is going to get it in the shorts as the system changes but there are other ways around the issue than just trying to constantly breed more people. Our society can't breed fast enough even if you had no abortions as the civilised world tends to just try to replace its population rather than constantly expand (which was the way when the original retirement plans were set up)   Are you aware that we live in a democracy, the old folks as you call them will be dictating the policies that suit themselves, since they will have the advantage because there will be so many of them, when it comes to voting. You obviously have not thought this one out.   You need both a quantity and quality of worker to generate a sufficient level of tax to support a large sector of the population. If abortion forces more people to live below the line at which they can not save money for old age, or buts them at significantly lower tax bracket then there is a larger demand for government support later on and less money coming in from taxes (due to more of the total money being earnt lying in lower tax brackets and possibly in the untaxed regions).   No, quantity is the primary necessity, abortion will not necessarily provide quality and it definitely will not provide quantity.
Did the bill include burning heretics at the stake, stoning them out of the village or removing a women's right to vote?  No, that's just the pork tacked onto the original bill. :p
I think most places perform ultra-sounds pre-abortion, I believe that to be common practice. I had an ultra-sound last Saturday (8/12/2006), I'm having my abortion in a few days.   The cost of my ultra-sound was $100 and was deducted from the total cost of abortion.   Jim Trucking: you say that the cost of ultra-sounds will lead to an increase in "backroom botchjobs", that may be true but is it really for the best? Backroom botchjobs not only harm the unborn child but also the mother. How is it logical to harm both child and mother? Seems irresponsible to me.  Isn't calling a woman having an abortion a "mother" a little hypocritical? emoticon_confused
No.   First of all that is what she is - regardless of how short the relationship or whatver the reason it ends. Secondly - there are even mothers, good ones, with wonderful children, who may choose to abort later in life.  [quote] http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/mother  Mother: 1. A woman who conceives, gives birth to, or raises and nurtures a child. 2. A female parent of an animal. 3. A female ancestor. 4. A woman who holds a position of authority or responsibility similar to that of a mother: a den mother. 5. Roman Catholic Church. 1. A mother superior. 2. Used as a form of address for such a woman. 6. A woman who creates, originates, or founds something:
Blast! Sartre! You mean that women who adopt children cannot call themselves mothers?  Are you capable of reading?  Mother: 1. A woman who conceives, gives birth to, or raises and nurtures a child.  Now what part of that definition is beyond your comprehension? :xcensored
[QUOTE=jitobear;228036]  Even a mother who has aborted conceives. Thanks.  That would be one twisted way of looking at motherhood. I wonder if a father can be described as someone who causes a spontaneous abortion in the "mother". emoticon_wow
Close, but no cigar.  Wasn't that a Clinton line? :)
How about, Close but no page!  Um, borrowing a "page" from Congressman Mark Foley.  We don't have any laws against cigar abuse.  Were you aware that your fellow Democrats gave one of their own page molestors three standing ovations back in the 80's?   The 1983 Congressional page sex scandal was a political scandal in the United States involving members of the United States House of Representatives.  On July 14, 1983 the House Ethics Committee concluded that Rep. Dan Crane (R-Ill.) and Rep. Gerry Studds (D-Mass.) had engaged in sexual relationships with minors, specifically 17-year-old congressional pages. In Crane's case, it was a 1980 relationship with a female page and in Studds's case, it was a 1973 relationship with a male page. Both representatives immediately pleaded guilty to the charges and the committee decided to simply reprimand the two.  However, Rep. Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) demanded their expulsion. On July 20, 1983 the House voted for censure, the first time that censure had been imposed for sexual misconduct. Crane, who subsequently apologized for his transgression, lost his bid for reelection in 1984.  Studds, however, stood by the facts of the case and refused to apologize for his behavior, and even turned his back and ignored the censure being read to him. He called a press conference with the former page, in which both stated that the young man, who was 17, consented. Studds had taken the adolescent to Morocco to engage in sexual activity, and therefore did not break any U.S. laws in what he called a "private relationship."[1] He continued to be reelected until his retirement in 1996 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congressional_Page_sex_scandal_(1983) 
"more accurate reflection"??? ROFLMAO!  It ALLEGES democrats might have known something with no evidence shown... (making vague references to anonymous "enterprising blogs" without giving ANY evidence isn't "evidence")  ... and then the artfully tries to shine the spotlight on Democrats and ANYTHING ELSE BUT Foley and this current situation...   I guess by those standards, I find the following to be a rather "accurate reflection" of Foley...   http://www.armchairsubversive.com/  Yup. Sounds like an "accurate reflection" of Foley to me... :)  I wonder if someone compiled a similar list of Democratic perverts. I'm sure that it wouldn't take long, given that bunch of miscreates. :)
I'm sure that we in the Democratic party have our perverts as well, but we just find it impossible to keep up with the number of Republican perverts. How do you guys manage to amass such astounding numbers?  Simone, are you going to sit there with a straight face and tell me that the Republican Party has more perverts than the Democratic Party? That's a stretch, even for YOU. emoticon_wow
If you want to start comparing lists, I'm game. I started the beginning of that one web-site's list.  What do you have on yours?  Or is just throwing out the allegation all you've got?  You claimed that amassing such a list for Democrats "wouldn't take long"... You willing to dedicate some time to put some proof behind your claims? Or is most of your time going to be spent in empty claims, with no substantiation...  Deal with it. 10. Sen. Daniel Inouye. The 82-year-old Hawaii Democrat was accused in the 1990s by numerous women of sexual harassment. Democrats cast doubt on the allegations and the Senate Ethics Committee dropped its investigation.   9. Former Rep. Gus Savage. The Illinois Democrat was accused of fondling a Peace Corps volunteer in 1989 while on a trip to Africa. The House Ethics Committee decided against disciplinary action in 1990.  8. Rep. Barney Frank. The outspoken Massachusetts Democrat hired a male prostitute who ran a prostitution service from Frank's residence in the 1980s. Only two Democrats in the House of Representatives voted to censure him in 1990.  7. Former Sen. Brock Adams. The late Washington Democrat was forced to stop campaigning after numerous accusations of drugging, assault and rape, the first surfacing in 1988.  6. Former Rep. Fred Richmond. This New York Democrat was arrested in 1978 for soliciting sex from a 16-year-old. He remained in Congress and won re-election-before eventually resigning in 1982 after pleading guilty to tax evasion and drug possession.  5. Former Rep. John Young. The late Texas Democrat increased the salary of a staffer after she gave in to his sexual advances. The congressman won re-election in 1976 but lost two years later.   4. Former Rep. Wayne Hays. The late Ohio Democrat hired an unqualified secretary reportedly for sexual acts. Although he resigned from Congress, the Democratic House leadership stalled in removing him from the Administration Committee in 1976.   3. Former Rep. Gerry Studds. He was censured for sexual relationship with underage male page in 1983. Massachusetts voters returned him to office for six more terms.  2. Former Rep. Mel Reynolds. The Illinois Democrat was convicted of 12 counts of sexual assault with a 16-year-old. President Bill Clinton pardoned him before leaving office.  1. Sen. Teddy Kennedy. The liberal Massachusetts senator testified in defense of nephew accused of rape, invoking his family history to win over the jury in 1991.  Aren't you sorry that you asked? :)
0. Sen. Teddy Kennedy, the ultra liberal, untouchable, uninterruptable, liberal sleaze ball from Massachussetts murdered Mary Jo Kopecnie (sp) (his mistress de'jure) by leaving her to drown in a car that the drunkass Senator drove off a narrow bridge, leaving also her pantyhose in the glovebox....and he's been a Senator ever since.  The main difference between the Democrats and Republicans regarding perverts and unethical sleaze balls is that the Republicans generally kick them out while the Democrats continue to cheer them as heroes and send them back to Washington. There's likely just as many perverts in each group.  I could have added Clinton to the laundry list, too, but I was sticking to Congress. :)
1) All we're proving is that there are people breaking the laws in both parties... No argument there. I only posted my list in the spirit of "fair and balanced".   2) Have you been to the web-site I linked? There are a lot more than just 10 listed there...  Not surprised. It also includes more than just Congress members, however. If we wanted to continue, I could start on Jesse Jackson, Marion Barry, etc., :)
Ahhh... The tactics of some how blindly toss out links, quoting nothing within the link... I've come to realize that it's a sign that there is no smoking gun (and typically no smoke and no gun)...  The first link has, at best, this comment...  So the author finds it "unlikely", and that's the best we got... Here's a news flash. Perhaps the owner of this "utterly obscure blogsite" was a fan of the Democratic candidate, and e-mailed him a copy of his findings along with posting it on his web-site... A possibility... And such possibilities usually come from Jyoshu, but I guess ONLY IF it's an anti-gay perspective making gays look worse or anti-gays look better... If this were a REAL news article, one could hope that somebody would actually ASK THE DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE's group how they came by the information. But to do that would be to give the democrats a say in this editorial's attempt to put a bad light on democrats. Couldn't have that... emoticon_xdonno   The website initially pushing the Foley story was CREW (Citizens for Responsibillity and Ethics in Washington, IIRC). It received over $100k in support from the Open Society Institute, which is fronted by, you guessed it, GEORGE SOROS. Now, anybody that doesn't believe that the Foley scandal was orchestrated by Democratic operatives to maximize the negative impact on Republicans must be living on a mushroom farm. :)   http://www.citizensforethics.org/index.php http://www.soros.org/about
Sartre has drunk too much of the Kool-Aid and now he's vomiting it up on the abortion pages.  Pages? Did I say, Pages? Freudian slip, I guess.  You're just jealous because MY mind still works. :p
Yes, im a bit more of a liberatarion, but dems get my vote. They're not perfect, but they're better than conservative right-wingers.   I don't get how you think Democrats are closer to Libertarians than Conservative Republicans. Your logic escapes me. emoticon_confused
I don't even know if the libertarian party is pro-choice. www.l4l.org is a group of libertarians that say the logic choice for their party is pro-life. The Libertarian Case Against Abortion  To explain and defend our case, LFL argues that: 1. Human offspring are human beings, persons from fertilization. 2. Abortion is homicide -- the killing of one person by another. 3. There is never a right to kill an innocent person. Prenatally, we are all innocent persons. 4. A prenatal child has the right to be in the mother's body. Parents have no right to evict their children from the crib or from the womb and let them die. Instead both parents, the father as well as the mother, owe them support and protection from harm. 5. No government, nor any individual, has a just power to legally depersonify any one of us, born or preborn. 6. The proper purpose of the law is to side with the innocent, not against them.
That group is called "libertarians for life." Rather dogmatic for libertarians.  Some interesting concepts and neologisms:  "A prenatal child" ? Does that mean there are post-mortem elders?  "preborn" Like a used car is pre-owned.  "depersonify " I don't think that's the correct term, it is actually called "disenbabyficationizing"  "evict their children from the crib or from the womb " Yeah, those crib evictions are on the rise. Make sure you get an iron-clad nursery lease, not to mention a uterus contract.  Rather, sensational and propangandist sounding. The whole thing sounds LOT more "life" than "libertarian". A libertartian position would at least mention the woman involved.  Perhaps you should read the website before you go around critizing it.
There are exceptions to every rule - but my, albeit limited, understanding of the libertarian party is they believe that government should keep its big fat butt out of as much as it can, including wallets, reproduction choices, religion, marriage, etc.  l4l agrees with this and they think the government allowing abortion violates their main principals of "live and let live".
I read it. I criticized it.  What?  There are even stupider things in the website, like "An open letter to Eddie Vedder". WTF is that? This is a VERY narrowly focused group whose positions are not well thought out and written in a juvenile manner.  lets say stuff and not back it up :)  The point is, there are many libertarians that believe their principals mean abortion is wrong.  Narrowly focused? Of course, they are talking about abortion...one issue.
This brings up a question for me. What is considered "fiscally conservative" nowadays? If it means being tight on the purse-strings then it appears that neither party is particularly good at balancing the budget - one spends on un-necessary military adventures (with a trend toward borrow and spend), the other is more open to social spending (with a tax and spend trend), and both engage in pork barrel spending.  Sad, but true. emoticon_cry
I was approached with this arguement myself once. The one about what the pro-lifers are doing to provide for the unwanted babies.  I would answer this way. It is much healthier to have a C-Section or a natural birth than an abortion. The methods used for such things are always harmful, emotionally and physically to the mother. I would say that if they don't want the baby, than let it live and then put him up for adoption. Many girls and women who have abortions know about the pain and suffering they go through in such operations, and they're much more willing (after the abortion) to provide for a baby till it's born; unless they're an irresponsible person who lives for sex and uses abortion as a way out.  They know it's wrong, and the feeling of guilt which almost never leaves them is an emotional ball and chain they need to carry around for years and sometimes the rest of their life.  There are orphanges and other institutions that will take care of a child. And believe me, there are plenty of people out there waiting to adopt a baby more than anything.  I'm a pro-lifer, and I don't fight this battle to prove my higher morality above you homo-sapiens consuming the earths resources. emoticon_xangel Kidding there. I feel that for the million or more babies killed every year that such a law allowing their death should be struck down, and there will not be an economic upheavel if there are extra babies to take care of.
It should be clear to all that read these posts in this topic that pro-life people are not intrested in the fetus its self or the life it may become if rescued from abortion.  When have you ever heard a pro lifer on these threads mention what plan they have for the fetus after it has been saved from its near fatal proceedure.  It is clear to me after reading many of the pro-life arguments that their position is in no way one that is arrived at thru concern for the life they want to save. It is simply arrived at thru dogma and self centered self importance. They have a distinct need to prove to others that they are more moral, or more godly than the person they are disagreeing with.  I myself think abortion is a bad choice,.. However it is a choice. You obviously don't read many posts.  It is no more "convenient" to have an abortion as to have a child. It is no more painful to have an abortion than to give up a child. Why is this relevant?
Some would say the same about pregnancy as well, and there is no way you are telling me that cutting someone open is less harmful to a mother than having an abortion. If this were the case then this is how it would be done. Abortion may be harmful in some cases but it is just plain wrong to say it is more harmful, especially if you take into account possible physical and 'emotional' damage during pregnancy as well. If you are going to claim something like this, you need to back it up with stats - at the very least the rates of postnatal depression vs similar post abortion depression and the risk of death and injury from an abortion compared to the same from 9 months pregnancy and birth (which whilts unequal will still favour abortion slightly).  No one lives for sex and uses abortion as a way out, or perhaps someone does, but then they are monumentally stupid. I'd say that it is better to prevent suffering than risk it unnessarily. An early fetus is incapable of feeling anything, there is nothing you can do to it that will make it suffer in any way, why turn dumb matter into an unwanted child if it harms no one? Later stages of pregnancy I have no problem with protecting, its suddenly changed from a growing set of cells into something that is aware of what is done to it at which point I would recognise that it deserves protection and the best chance of a pleasant continued existance as possible.  Someone who doesn't agree with abortion might feel this, but you need to back it up otherwise. We have no problem with ending billions of lives over the course of our lives, if we don't think that they matter (cooking and even having food, having an immune system, disinfectants etc). If you don't recognise the organism as something worth worrying about, why would you? I say that its more likely that its more an embarrasment for most people than a feeling that they have killed someone (though to be fair, I can't back that up). If its white and a baby. There are far more unwanted children, even if we exclude aborted feti, than there are potential adopters.  Nor will there be economic upheaval if there isn't (though there will probably be some regardless soon). Honestly though, do you think you would care more if it were blacks or jews being killed rather than feti and embryos? I'd certainly hope so...if you condemn abortion clinic bombers you are setting a certain double standard.  I just don't think that a potential person can ever outweigh the wants and needs of an existing one, and 99% of the time pro-lifers agree. Soon as you realise that its not actually 'babies' being aborted then its a lot harder I think to hold a universally pro-choice opinion  http://www.priestsforlife.org/postabortion/postabortiontestimonywomen.htm  You can find the testimonies of many women and girls who have had abortions there.  You have presumed a couple things in your post, and I wish that you would slow down on the assumptions that come into your mind. My views on abortions do not differ between the race of the mother or child. And I certainly do not feel guilty about killing animals for meat. And you will not try and equivocate the killing of animals with the killing of humans in this debate. That's a ridiculous arguement and not one to bring up in such an issue as this.  --Someone who doesn't agree with abortion might feel this, but you need to back it up otherwise. We have no problem with ending billions of lives over the course of our lives, if we don't think that they matter (cooking and even having food, having an immune system, disinfectants etc). If you don't recognise the organism as something worth worrying about, why would you? I say that its more likely that its more an embarrasment for most people than a feeling that they have killed someone (though to be fair, I can't back that up).--  Check that site. And if you're talking about something other than animals, let me know. But please, if you are, do not try and bring that up. The killing of animals for meat is hardly something to talk about in an abortion issue.  My Mom was a qualified nurse, and she's told me that it does indeed harm the woman much more to have an abortion. Sucking the fetus out and pills and things that create toxic environments for the baby in order to kill it not only hurts the mother physically and psychologically, but any of those methods may harm her fertility as well as give her extreme pain many weeks afterwards. My Mom had eleven children, and she never felt extreme pain so long after giving birth. You want you're proof, there it is.  --No one lives for sex and uses abortion as a way out, or perhaps someone does, but then they are monumentally stupid. I'd say that it is better to prevent suffering than risk it unnessarily. An early fetus is incapable of feeling anything, there is nothing you can do to it that will make it suffer in any way, why turn dumb matter into an unwanted child if it harms no one?--  As I've already told you, it does harm people, and believe me, there are many monumentally stupid people out there already.  Perhaps if you were unconscious (or in a coma) and I shot and killed you simply because I was your Dad and didn't want to support you, do you honestly think that an arguement like "She couldn't feel anything, what's the harm?" would stand? No way!  --Why turn dumb matter into an unwanted child if it harms no one?--  Because the irresponsible girl or women who didn't consider this before they had sex is obligated to take care of it. The father issue is another thing, but the mom is solely responsible for that kid. And a kid is not dumb matter. You yourself could not arise from dumb matter (define dumb matter) you arose from a living person, you were a living person when you were in your mom, and you're a living person as you read this text.  And are you saying that putting kids in orphanages is worse than killing them simply because they MIGHT be unwanted?
My Mom is not a testimonial machine. She was an official nurse at a hospital and I would bet she knows a lot more than you men do about this. Don't try and act like my Mom was feeding me a bunch of nonsense.  And I have read testimonies about women and girls who have abortions. I research this stuff, and I know what I'm talking about. Not all women go through this, but all the risks involved FOR the mother make abortion much more dangerous for herself. Therefore, it is safer to have a birth than an abortion.   Such operations need to be done while the baby is INSIDE the mother's body. (Such as tearing the baby to pieces, for instance. THAT is dangerous) Whether it's pain or fertility or uterus damage, the abortion methods cannot gaurantee safety for the woman and insures many risks involved that endanger the health of the woman. Pregnancy is natural and unless it is a C-Section, requires no surgery into the womb or body unless the baby is having trouble coming out.  Speaking of testimonies, have you ever read a testimony from someone who had their baby killed because they thought it was for the best and said how much they later regretted their decision? They said that they are much happier now (those that got pregnant again and let their baby live) because they have a child. And the grief still hits them whenever they think of their living child. Such things are not as scarce as you make them out to be.  Oh, and by "psychological harm" I'm talking about the guilt that hangs over so many women and girls who are miserable because they knew the wrong they had commited.
I guess statistics are what you want. I'll post some here that I got from http://www.angelfire.com/nj3/rebekah8370/  95% of abortions are done as birth control, 1% are done because of rape/incest, 1% because of fetal abnormalities, and 3% due to the mother's health problems.   Abortions outnumber live births in 14 major metropolitan areas.   45% of the women that walk into an abortion clinic have already had at least 1 previous abortion.   Child abuse has gone up 500% since the legalization of abortion.   95% of women who have had an abortion say that the abortion clinic gave them little or no information about the fetus living inside of them.   Many people believe that women who are victims of rape and become pregnant by this violent act is a good reason for them to have an abortion. In Victims and Victors (Acorn Books, 2000), a book written by David Reardon, Amy Sobie, and Julie Makimma, 192 women were interviewed. These women had had abortions after they became pregnant from rape. Nearly all the women said that they regretted the abortion, and over 90% said they would discourage other rape victims from choosing abortion.   49% of pregnancies in America are unplanned. 50% of these unplanned pregnancies are ended by abortion. Out of all women who have abortions, 75% say they had an abortion because the baby would have interfered with their life; 66% say that they couldn't have afforded a baby; and 50% said they didn't want to be a single mother or were having problems with their partner.   14,000 abortions are done because of rape/incest. (This only makes up about 1% of all abortions.)    I guess you can see that psychologcially, it most certainly does effect women; and much more than you thought.  Plus, have you seen the child abuse that has gone up since abortion was legalized?! This is for the living children. Do you think such a law should be allowed when things like this happen?  I would make abortions illegal, not only because the babies are killed, but also because so many women's lives are ruined by it. If this doesn't satisfy you, than I guess it will be useless to debate with you further.
So you think that women shouldn't be allowed to choose the course of their own lives because you believe their life might be "ruined" by it? With all respect intended here, I think that if you want to convince more people to join the pro-life mvt. you may want to come up with additional reasons. IMO people 'ruin' their lives by eating fast food, being rude, having closed minds, drinking soda, smoking. Should they be outlawed? That they may or may not feel guilt doesn't sound good. Many people feel guilt over many things; people learn to live with it. If you wanted to preemptively shut out the possibility of guilt you ought to start the prohibition movement again! :)  Oh, another thing- why do you think women who are pregnant and don't want to be are obligated to be parents? What if their birth control failed? Are they then obligated? So many variables. You can't push all women in a neat little box.  Can anyone find stats correlating birth control failing and the abortions that result? I can't. Thanks in advance.  Don't try to equivocate drinking and smoking to actual phsyical killing. I won't argue with you on that idea.  I'm afraid I don't know what the prohibition event is.  Considering how many sexual activites a woman gets in, she should consider whether she wants a baby or not. If she gets into a sexual activity, she automatically risks pregnancy. If she doesn't want a baby, she should STAY OUT OF SEX instead of killing the baby simply because she doesn't want to bear the fruits of her actions.  And by the way, all I've ever heard in abortion debates is whether the MOM has to go through bad things. IT'LL RUIN MY DREAMS, IT INTERFERSE WITH MY CAREER, I DON'T WANT TO TAKE THE RESPONSIBILITY TO TAKE CARE OF IT.  It is always ME! Everybody thinks of nothing but the Mom instead of the baby.  (WARNING: YOU CAN BLAST ME ALL YOU WANT BECAUSE I CAN'T MAKE A DECISION OR JUDGEMENT ON A WOMAN'S LIFE OR IMMEDIATE VALUE, BUT I'M STICKING TO THIS POINT.)  It seems like people think a good career or a life without responsibility is a justifiable reason to kill! If they don't want to be forced into a pregnancy, than they shouldn't get pregnant. I know their life is their's to decide the destiny, that is why they should think more before getting into sex. It's their own fault if they get pregnant, and the baby should not have to DIE for their voluntary actions.
 Pregnancy termination--------- 0.567 per 100,000 terminations Miscarriage----------------------1.19 per 100,000 miscarriages Live birth -----------------------7.06 per 100,000 live births Ectopic pregnancy ------------ 31.9 per 100,000 ectopic pregnancies Therefore, the risk of death from pregancy is over 12 times that of an elective abortion. Also a misleading figure. "risk of death from a pregancy is over 12 times.." blah blah blah.   In 1999 (in the US) it was 11.8 per 100,000 births or 0.0118% (abortions are included in this number)  In 1999 it was around 1 death per 100,000 or 0.001% for abortion (not all reporting so the number is a little off)  So you can look at these numbers as "12 times higher" or whatever, but the number is so little that there is not that much of a difference. If someone told you that drinking milk is 12 times more likely to kill you, it has a greater impact than someone saying .001% die from drinkingwater while .0118% of people die from drinking milk...you wouldn't stop drinking milk because of that.   A stupid statistic. Next.
You're talking about what 'ruins' lives in your opinion; I'm talking about what ruins lives in my opinion. I was just pointing out that you need additional reasons to ban abortion, because this argument can easily be seen through. And although I didn't mention 'drinking', don't forget that drinking and smoking do cause physical harm and even death.  *sigh* People have sex other than for procreation. You didn't say about what you think if women get pregnant b/c their b.c. fails. What do you think? And remember dad's role. If he didn't want a kid, he should think twice, eh?  Say you are successful in your bid to ban abortion. What now are you going to do for women who are pregnant and don't want to be?  Abortion not only ruins the life of the baby to the extant that it kills it (yes, that was sarcasm) But considering what I've read, it has ruined the lives of many people because they consented to kill someone. That is going to hurt people a whole lot more than smoking a cigarette or drinking a beer.  The man who gets the woman pregnant should be held equally responsible for the child as well. (b/c, b.c.?) And I already know that people have sex for reasons other than pro-creation. But should a baby have to die simply for their lustful desires? Obviously, nobody's going to outlaw sex, but abortion should be. Having a legal option to kill when you don't want to take responsibility for your own actions is immoral.   What would I do? I would say "That's too bad, but you ran the risk yourself, and I will not allow you to kill your baby so you can go off on your merry way."  I would first have them give up their children for adoption once they give birth. I would also shut down the abortion clinics and take the money that's used to pay for abortions (for those who can't pay) and give it to orphanages. I would use the money that's providing for the baby's death and use it to preserve their life instead.   That's what I would do, but I doubt that the last step will be performed. Not unless the nation is turned into a monarchy all of a sudden and the king's extreme power could order such a step to be taken.
1. You missed the point. This was to refute the statement that pregancy was safer than abortion. there is no difference  2. Where do you get your numbers? I referenced mine from a reputable source.  cdc  You are obviously new here, we have been over these numbers a lot and they haven't changed. You could do a search and find this exact discussion if you want more links.  3. "stupid statistic" is not a term I learned in statistics classes, please elaborate why you think it is so? the example I gave shows this. You give a misleading number when you say 12 times worse. It is like saying someone with 2 cents has 100% more money than someone with 1 cent...this might be true but both have nothing in reality.
Your sarcasm is misplaced. I'm being even keeled and serious with you; I'd appreciate the same. :)   b/c= "because" and b.c. = "birth control".   You have listed alternatives for parenting. I would like to know what you are going to do for women who would seek an abortion b/c of their 1. Financial limitations 2. Educational goals interrupted 3. Health needs 4. Career situation 5. Family situations (like abusive families) ... and all the other reasons women get abortions that many label as "convenience" issues.   Even if you outlaw abortions, these problems will still exist, and since you are looking out for the best interests of the fetus these need addressed.  This is how I look at it, as simply as I can type it out.  You're reason for abortions are these.  1. Financial Limitations.  2. Education Goals  3. Health Needs  4. Career Situation  5. Family Situations  None of which can justify killing. Career and Financial limitations can be fixed by giving up for adoption. (A person shouldn't risk getting pregnant if they're THAT concerned about their career anyway.)  A good, kind person can come from an abusive family. Putting the child up for adoption might be better if the family is abusive. At least, better than KILLING it and giving it no chance at all.  Plus, there is no child on this earth that isn't a financial burden. Health problems, disease and infections are all risked in sex. Considering "Health Needs" Things like that should be considered beforehand. Birth Control is far from perfect, and it's failure to prevent pregnancies is no reason to kill.  If A person values their career or education above letting their own child live, they aren't deserving of the consideration shown when their mothers let them live.
All this really means nothing.  Women have always had abortions. Illegal abortions are dangerous unles you are rich enough to fly to another country to have one. Legal ones are safe. That should be the only concern here.  Otherwise, this is a medical procedure best left up to the woman and her doctor.  Making abortions illegal does not stop them. It just kills the woman sometimes. I think all you pro-lifers are just about punishing a woman for daring to enjoy sex. yeah you got us...the cats outta the bag now emoticon_rolleyes  leaving abortion up to the woman and doctor would be all good if no other person was involved. However, another life is involved which deserves not to be killed. Many (not all) pro-choicers either refuse or cannot see that pro-life focuses on two people involved not one.   As for whether abortions will stop or not. That is irrelevant. If it is wrong than it is wrong. People will steal eventhough thats illegal. stealing is safer if legal...however, this doesn't mean we legalize it.
You either don't understand, or you are intentionally glossing over the period of pregnancy. I asked what you would do if you successfully outlawed abortions. Women are still going to get pregnant, and not want to be or be uable to care well for her own physical body, which adversely effects the fetus.  A woman with financial limitations is not going to be able to provide adequate prenatal care. She may not have insurance. A woman with college/career problems may be too sick or physically unable to go to school or work. How will she provide for herself? A woman in an abusive relationship/family may get the XXXX kicked out of her for getting pregnant. No good for anyone here.  No one is saying that adoption isn't a good choice for many. But you are forgetting that there are nine months to ride out first.  You may not agree with these reasons for abortions, but that doesn't mean they don't exist.   What are you going to help? Are you helping woman obtain abortions and help finance abortions? If someone steals because they need the money, they still should go to jail. I want stealing illegal because it is wrong...even if this does adversly hurt the theifs family and the thief. It is irrelevant that I don't help out the thieves family by giving them money. Any burden placed on the woman is not the fault of the unborn and should not be subject to punishment as such.
Are you helping woman obtain abortions and help finance abortions? If someone steals because they need the money, they still should go to jail. I want stealing illegal because it is wrong...even if this does adversly hurt the theifs family and the thief. It is irrelevant that I don't help out the thieves family by giving them money. Any burden placed on the woman is not the fault of the unborn and should not be subject to punishment as such.  Thanks, Steeeeve. You said exactly what I would have. :)
Oh, and are you going to arrest me if I donate to a cause that enables women to obtain abortions?  And, you sound kind of hardhearted to me. I've always thought that stealing a loaf of bread when you are starving to death is not a crime.  Did you ever possibly think that it might be a crime if someone is starving? Do you ever think about stuff like that?  yeah, its a crime if you steal it. For one, you don't know the situation of the person who was selling the bread. Secondly, this seems rather inconsistent on your part. If you feel this way, that this person should be allowed this loaf of bread to live, then why isn't a fetus allowed its "loaf" (ie the moms womb) which isn't even stolen.   I take the position that stealing is wrong and if you wanted the loaf of bread you should ask. If someone asked me and I owned a store, I would give them the loaf...if they stole it, I would call the police.
Prototype, I ask you again, what are you going to do, after you abolish abortion, for these fetuses/babies/children that are not going to have adequate care in utero?  Since you care highly for these unborn persons , I'm hoping your answer will contain something about helping pregnant and poor women obtain adequate prenatal health care. I ask you again. What are you doing to help woman who get abortions and are still poor?
Sooo, you wouldn't even stop for one second to ask:  Why is this guy stealing bread? Did the theif ever ask "Does this grocer need this bread?". I will not tolerate someone who is selfish...however, someone who is humble and brave enough to ask for help will receive it from me. This actually happened to someone I know oddly enough. He was going to church and saw a family that was homeless and had no food. He invited them to stay at the church for a few days and they would supply them with food..etc. While in the church, the person that found this family went to go get the food and inform the pastor. When he came back he noticed the family was taking all the money from the collection plate (previous service). He told them to leave and to keep the money because that is what they get and nothing more from that church. They got around 30 bucks instead of having a place to sleep, eat, and be taken care of.   So if this person steals my bread...I won't be able to catch them. But they won't be allowed back in my store (unless to return or pay for the bread).  [/quote] And, very interesting, a woman is just your neighborhood grocery store and not a real human being, her womb being a "loaf of bread."[/QUOTE] To the unborn, the mother is the only way to survive. Do you not agree with this? Yet when an unborn, who isn't even stealing, is around you feel that he/she can be killed because the mother doesn't have to take care of him/her. Interesting chance of stance. Why the inconsistent thinking on your part?
Prototype, I ask you again, what are you going to do, after you abolish abortion, for these fetuses/babies/children that are not going to have adequate care in utero?  Since you care highly for these unborn persons , I'm hoping your answer will contain something about helping pregnant and poor women obtain adequate prenatal health care.  First, your statement implies that you believe that killing a child is better than letting it live with inadequate careemoticon_confused Inadequate care is nothing compared to killing, and you know that. Letting them live is a small mercy, at least.  Second, if abortions is made illegal and the woman cannot kill it or get rid of it before it is born, than she'll have to take care of it herself. The Man should do the same of course, but that could start an entire new thread. If a mother doesn't take care of the baby, she'll endanger her own health and safety. She'll be forced to (along with Dad, but that's another thread) take care of that child for her own safety. There's nothing to stop her from putting the child up for adoption later.  "Since you care highly for these unborn persons , I'm hoping your answer will contain something about helping pregnant and poor women obtain adequate prenatal health care."  The "poor" women can use the money they would have spent in having an abortion and use it too take care of their child. And there are plenty of ways to get help in medical care and things like that. And besides, if they didn't want to be pregnant because of money problems, well too bad. It's their fault for not thinking more before going into sex. A baby should not have to die for your own pleasure life.  Now this is just a thought, but how about taking the money from the funds that support abortion and turning it into money for those who have financial problems because of their pregnancy? With having money to pay for abortion if you can't afford it (in at least 17 states last time I checked), then perhaps the government can use that money to help mothers afford to live through their pregnancy.
Steeeeve:Does the grocer need the bread because he or she is starving?  Or, does the grocer need the bread to make more money?  Is it more moral to make more money than it is to let someone starve?  Is it selfish to want something because one is starving? Is that selfishness?  Or, desperation?  Is profit more important to you than moral justice?  Do you understand what moral justice is?  Do you worship money?  Do you worship the rich?  Did you ever think that selling that bread will allow the grocer to feed his family?
Not what I said, implied, nor feel. I'm asking you questions; you shouldn't infer my beliefs based on that. I think that if anti-choice people want to control a woman's reproductive system, then they need to address how she is going to get adequate care, how she is going to deal with abusive family relationships, etc. You're the ones that want to force a woman to give birth; If it were up to me I'd say give her all the options, give her all the education, and allow her to deal with the consequences (if there are any.) Besides, since you care so much about the innocent fetus, why should the fetus have to suffer at all b/c the mother has problems? It shouldn't, eh?  I apologize, perhaps that isn't what you meant.  I do not want to force a woman to give birth. I don't want to force her to get pregnant either. If they don't want to give birth, they shouldn't get into sexual activites that include that risk. Like I've said before, it's nobody's fault but their own if they don't like it.  I'm not entirely settled on what I believe about pro-choice people, but I do know about abortion. For now, I'm calling myself against abortion. And you're right in two things. Anti-choice people should not try to control a woman's reproductive system, and women should be given proper education regarding these matters. I do think the option for letting the baby live should be a bit more open though.  The fetus may suffer abuse or bad family during its life, but at least it may live and may turn out into a nice, respectable person. You never can know for sure, and I don't think an option for killing it on those grounds should be available. Being killed is worse than living with a chance. Dead, well. You have no chance at all.   (Your statement I bolded) How? How will she be forced? I don't understand. Adoption is an alternative to parenting; of course she can do that later; no one is arguing that. I'm just trying to help you understand that it's nine months to that point, and those nine months are very important for the baby's health.   A woman who doesn't take proper care for her unborn child will endanger her own health, that is how she'll be forced to take care of it. Nine months, I know, can be extremely strenuous. Not that I've given birth emoticon_xdonno , but my Mom has, 11 times. So I do know it is tough, but in answer to your question, the mother will have to bear it.    Why did you quote "poor" women? What does that mean?   Do you know how much abortions cost? Compare the cost to the cost of taking care of oneself for a nine month period, plus additional medical costs. Don't forget, if Mom can't work b/c of her pregnancy, there's issue there too.  You are correct. 200-700$ is small compared to the extra things she'll need for nine months. But medical help is often needed after the abortion too, so it can be more as well. But the risk is still run when having sex, it's not the baby's fault.  Of course you feel financial problems should not be the cause of abortions. But they are; that's reality. So that needs to be addressed; to just sweep it under the carpet under the guise of "Should of thought of that before going into sex" and shutting the door isn't going to help anyone.  It will help the babies, won't it? The woman (and man) must be held responsible regardless of reasons for things they didn't think of beforehand. Should the option to kill be allowed for that?  I like this paragraph. Concrete idea; makes sense.  I would like to see some numbers; I don't know much about the states supporting abortions financially. Is this just a planned parenthood thing, or do other abortion clinics provide federal/state financial assistance as well? And how much is spent? Thanks in advance.  I got my info from here. http://www.aclu.org/reproductiverights/lowincome/16393res20040721.html  I don't have any numbers regarding where the money goes, but I think I can make an educated guess.  1.5 million abortions every year.  That's about 30,000 abortions every state.  17 do government funding for abortions, that's about 510,000 abortions for them.  That's 51 million dollars if each one was only 100$.  51 million dollars is a whole lot of money. For those that need it to live through their pregnancy, a sum that big could greatly aid them. And that's just the smallest amount possible. Think of it; with the older babies are (in weeks) that get aborted, think of how much more they would cost? It would be really nice if this sort of money could be used to help women through pregnancies.  I don't know if abortion clinics or planned parenthood things. Sorry, I'm not well informed on how they work.  17 states use government funding for abortions.
If you desire to abolish abortion, than yes, you are forcing (some) women to give birth. That's the truth of the anti-choice position. It's an awesome decision to make for someone, regardless of their input or lives. I hope you get to talk to some women/girls/couples who face unwanted pregnancies so you know more about their lives.  So you're saying that women who have sex consent to giving birth? Do you consent to getting into a car accident every time you're in your car?  I'll say it again; sex is not always about procreation.    You know about abortion? How is that?   Anti-choice people should not try to control a woman's reproductive system? Aren't they, though? They are telling her that she must give birth. They are telling her that even if she were raped, even if she used birth control, even if she's 13, she has to have the baby?   I hope that you are begining to understand where pro-choice people are coming from, specifically me: It's very upsetting to me to think that some (stereotype alert) old, rich, white man in a state capital whom I've never met, nor ever will meet introduces laws that would force me to give birth, a life changing, altering, and serious ordeal. I struggle to think of a comparative analogy. Can you?  Does your stance on abortion come from a moral standpoint? If so, then I ask, why not allow the woman to deal with her morals? She's the one who has to live with herself; let her decide what to do. I say completely educate her about the post-abortion psychological/physiological effects, make her aware of what could happen.     So are you saying that you wouldn't do anything in an abusive situation?  Of course you think it's better to allow the fetus to live than die no matter what the situation, but you're kind of glossing over what I was originally asking. What are you going to do/tell the pregnant girl in this situation? Please don't just sweep it under the rug. It's a real issue, and one girls/women get abortions for.    What of the women who don't take care of themselves on a regular basis? Do you think that they are going to magically change overnight b/c they are pregnant? Eat healthily, quit smoking, quit drinking, quit drugging, go to the doctor for checkups, exercise? I find myself repeating myself...what if she is too sick to work, and simply can't afford survival? Can't pay rent, can't pay utility bills, can't pay groceries? That's going to endanger her and the fetus, and she's not going to magically be able to pay those things just because she's pregnant.     Medical help is often needed after the abortion? Like what? Don't forget that medical help is sometimes needed after birth as well.  You keep coming back to this (bolded sentence). I get the point already; do you get the point that people have sex for other reasons than to have children? This is very personal, don't even answer-I don't want to know- just ask yourself- Have you ever had sex? If yes, do you consent to being a father every time you do it?  --------------------------- Don't forget with your numbers, that not every abortion that happens in these states is gov't funded or assisted. Many are private, I just don't know how many. Can you find more specific stats?  Phew, that was a novel. Thanks for continuing to debate with me. :)  The numbers were rough, I know. But considering that I took the lowest amount of money possible and how much adds up with just that, I don't think my guess was totally off.  I guess the big thing of this debate (or rather, something I use very often) is about whether a woman considers health risk, financial risks, family risks and career risks before having sex. I've not had sex, not sure about whether I personally ever will. But that is irrelevant.  So many different things you've brought up that I (as a person against abortion) need to think of before taking away abortions is, to me at least, shifting the burden of responsibility. You've asked me before what "I" would do for those unwanted unborn babies and what "I" would do to ensure their care. It seems to me that those question should be put to the mother and the father. "THEY" are the ones who had sex. "THEY" are the ones who ran the risk to their health, finances, career status and family status. "THEY" did it, "THEY" take resonsibility for "THEIR" actions. Should the baby have to die so they can avoid responsibility?  I would not prevent men and women from having sex. But having the option to kill so they can run clean of the risks involved is wrong and immoral.  Oh, by the way, only about 1% of women who have abortions are rape victims. 1 percent is small to the other 99% who have it for other reasons. And many women who are raped don't have abortions unless their relations force them to. (This is based off my studies, you can refute them if you'd like, they are not so deep)  Oh, and thanks for debating me. You've made me think very deeply about how I view this subject and the different circumstances involved. :)
People just don't think about these things before they have sex. Ideally, they should, but they don't. And then XXXX happens. That's why education is so important, and IMHO severely lacking. Teaching abstinence is good, but for 20, 30, whatever year olds in monogamous relationships (or not) isn't realistic  You're right, education about these matters should be studied more carefully and people should be more informed about them. 20 or 30 year olds? I'm afraid I don't quite understand. (Not trying to be sarcastic or mean, I truly do not understand that.)   They only reason I ask what you would do to care for the unborn and women is because you want to abolish their choice to have an abortion. Since you've made that decision for them I wanted you to know the consequences of your decision that you may never have thought about before.  I'm taking away their license to kill a young, defensless baby. There shouldn't be a choice regarding letting it live or killing it. The decision and burden is on them, and aborting is not just getting rid of a "problem", they are picking the easy way out for convenience sake.  Sometimes people who get abortions are taking responsibility for their actions; they are aborting their problem. It's not an "easy way out" or avoiding responsibility, it's taking care of their problem. It may be immoral to you and many others, it may not seem "right to kill" so they can have sex -(and no one looks at it like this by the way; unless it's a repeated form of post-sex birth control, which disgusts me) but it's an option and people have to deal with it. No one wins the abortion debate. It sucks no matter how you look at it.  This is definitely a tricky subject. For those couples that have abortions because they believe they are doing the right thing could start an entire different topic with debates on what's right and wrong. (Maybe I will, we could debate there! :-) ) But so many of the different reasons I've seen just don't justify the killing. I've yet to see one reason that justifies the killing of an infant. (Of course, moral views vary all over the place, I may never find one if I hold to mine)  That is all I ever want! Thanks for having an open mind. emoticon_xhoho  You're welcome. Nothing better than talking to an actual debater instead of a brick wall. :xbanghead
The grocer has only that one loaf of bread?  You know, Steeeeve, your saying that makes me think that you have not evolved beyond the basic animalistic instinct of the primitive human to grab everything and hang onto it for dear life, as opposed to a more highly evolved state of humanity where one gives, rather than takes, shares, rather than hoards, forgives and has mercy as opposed to rigidly enforcing archaic laws.  Maybe the grocer needed to sell that loaf of bread to pay rent to keep his business open to support his family? Not that this matters because stealing is still wrong and I wouldn't support it even if it was to save him from starving.   You go on this long speech about how primitive humans grab onto everything and hang onto it...you mean like the man stealing the bread? Or gives rather than takes....you mean like the man stealing the bread (taking)? Mercy as in killing a human based on size of development? emoticon_confused emoticon_confused   You are all over the place on the issues Simone
You don't seem to understand, Steeeeve.  Starvation can mean death. If someone allows someone to starve to death might that not be murder? no   Just on the supposition that you can follow that argument, I'm not holding my breath here, is not murder a greater criminal act than stealing?  on what level? There is no level of "wrong"...if you are wrong you are wrong.   Is the ownership of inanimate property more important than human life? Do property values have precedent over human life? To you they do. To me, not so much. IF someone is starving, I am obligated to help them...if they steal from me, I am obligated to punish them. This isn't a hard concept.
Lets further explain. If the starving man was going to die without that bread, then I would have to let him have it....in other words I couldn't take it back. This is like the violionist example...I don't believe you are morally right if you disconnect the violionist although he would be held accountable if he was the reason for connection.
I meant that expecting 20, 30 year olds to be abstinent is unrealistic. They are going to have sex, and unwanted pregnancies will result. Punishing the mother for her action by forcing her to have a child is a type of punishment that I would stick under the heading of "cruel and unusual".  It is cruel to kill. At least the mother gets to live; with or without pleasure time. Killing the baby is a sin as any other and an injustice to its rights. (As a normal person, unless there's a difference in your mind.)  I'm not trying to "punish" her for having sex. Nothing wrong with that (until I develop a wider more informed view on it concerning my beliefs) and there should be no punishment whatever. But let me ask you this, does wanting to live without a child and have sex anyways (which makes her prone to conception anyway) give a valid license to kill when it doesn't go the way they want?  First, allow me to remind you that an abortion is not an "easy way out". Ask someone who's had one if it was an "easy" choice, or if it was an "easy" procedure to go through. Secondly, what may be a convenience in your mind is not always so in the mind of the suddenly pregnant, scared, young girl. Abortion may be a cut and dry issue with many, but it is not so with everyone. At best, I think many pro-choicers see it as a necessary evil.   Perhaps not everyone, but many.  What is necessary evil? I'm afraid I'm not well acquainted with that phrase. (Sorry if I sound dumb, but I'd like to know about the things I don't understand in these debates.)   Of course nothing justifies killing an infant. I never said anything did. Of course, a baby and an infant are born and need not live off the mother's body any longer.   I know you didn't.  What are your feelings on abortions that take place early on? I'm no fan of late term abortions, and second trimester ones are iffy as well. However, in the first trimester, the first couple months, I'm giving full rein to the mother. The fetus has no developed nervous system. This is where all the 'brain dead' comparisions and crud come into the mix, but to me that's apples and cymbals; so way out in left field that it's not comparable.  Have you known anyone who had an abortion?  I believe life begins at conception. Now, if you want to talk about the few hours in which the sperm and the egg just combine and are fertilized, yes, techincally that may be the time when it is not a baby yet. But nobody gets an abortion for those (I'm sure you know why) and nobody even knows about it till weeks after that happens. By then, in six weeks, it has arms, legs, a head and bones. And what if it doesn't have a nervous system? It still is a living human being with or without one, and it's going to get one eventually.  As a matter of fact I did meet someone (online) who had had an abortion. She was a mother of... 2, I think, and her baby was significantly far ahead in its growth time. (She had had it for quite a few weeks) She was, I believe, one of the victims who have been told the possibilities of health problems for the baby in its life and was induced by the doctor and medical team into having an abortion for the best; despite the babies large chances of survival and birth without such things. (Bernard Nathanson talks of doctors who speak like this)  She told me that the doctor had said that it "definitely" had undeveloped limbs and a bad case of illness that would have handicapped the baby in its mental capabilities. She did tell me that it was a heart-breaking decision and that she still mourns over her babies death. I didn't talk as civilly towards her as I could, but I did remain firm on the subject with her that they were only possibilites and that she did not even let the baby live to have a chance.  Well, that's my story about that one. If you'd like to talk about that further we could.
Prototype, did you have a jolly good time dumping a huge guilt trip on that young woman.  Do you enjoy doing that sort of thing? Do you feel kind of smug about it?  Sure I do. I always love bringing down renewed guilt and self hatred on a person. Oh, and I laugh maniacally too. Ha, ha, ha!  Come on. This was a debate, plain and simple. She challenged me with her testimony and obviously wished to see how I'd take her story and react. I told her what I did in response. Of course I didn't feel smug about this, would you? I did keep her feelings in mind, and I responded likewise. I'm not a wandering beggar condemning the world regardless of circumstances.
I have not heard of this phenomenon of physicians exaggerating the need of an abortion and "inducing" women to have them. What would be the motivation of clinicians to do that?  From what I gathered from his book, there is no evil intention behind it; necessarily. Doctors find it alright to do abortions (the pro-abortions ones) and as such, they believe that any circumstances regarding pregnancy or risks, they feel it is their job to try and convince them to do it. They don't consider anything morally wrong on this, they pretty much feel as if they did their job and that it's another accomplishment under their belt.   After this woman had already had the abortion and was still mourning, what was to be gained by your actions? 1. Perhaps the doctor was telling her the truth. I would think this is most likely. 2. Perhaps the doctor was telling her this to ease her pain.  3. Do you think that discounting this "possibility" was constructive? 4. Do you think that berating her actions after the fact, to a woman who already was mourning, was helpful to her?  Sounds kinda cold.  For one thing, I did not come into the topic and search for her to berate her. She came to me in my posts and challenged me.  Reason 1 -- There have been mothers who have been told of such things happening to their unborn infan,t and they let their baby be born. Guess what? They were fine. This doctor or medical team could very well have been wrong, but I think the persuasiveness of the doctor convinced her they were concrete.  Reason 2. -- Perhaps. But I think it would be a better idea to tell her the baby still had a fighting chance. It still had a significant way to go before birth. That might have eased the pain in knowing it MIGHT have problems, but that something good could still come from it.  Reason 3 -- No, I think discounting it was a low value of the human life. Killing it is worse than letting it live with a chance. That sounds better than a suggestion of total death, wouldn't it?  Reason 4 -- I could have dealt with her more ethically, I admit. But I did not berate her like an old granny coming to switch her cane at her adult daughter and telling her to be grateful for everything she did for her. But she made the choice to come to the topic, read it, see my things and try to rebute what I had said. This is not an excuse for what I said, it was a diplomatic but firm debate, I will not be made a monster for holding my own view even in such a circumstance.
Ah, you talk of sin. What is this, this "sin" concept?  And what rights does an unborn fetus have? I suggest, that before we get into this, you read some of the other threads on "unborn rights". No sense beating a dead horse.   My sin concept is based on my religion. The abortion issue is a whole other thing unaffected by my religion though, so don't attack that.  I've read threads on this already. The laws of this country prohibit murder and killing of any person. A fetus is a person, isn't it? It looks an awful lot like one at five or six weeks, and that's the usual time for abortions. I could give you a link to some aborted babies at that age, unless you don't feel comfortable looking at them.  But it is going to be a punishment, if you abolish abortion. Mom's going to get punished for her sex life, whether you see it like that or not. If she's pregnant, doesn't want it, and is forced to continue (man, sounds like hell to me every time I type is out-a hellish society where women must surrender their reproductive organs to the whims of the gov't, to the morality of some people who consider their morals to be the best and push them against everyone else) that's punishment. Plain and simple. I can see it now; the finger wagging gov't official; "You should have kept your legs together!" to the 16 year old scared girl who's parents have disowned her, or will force her to keep the baby. How about the crack addict who prostitutes herself for crack? The 13 year old who didn't have any idea what sex was really for? The any year old who was raped? Incest cases? Or the poor, in debt so far up to her ears, 20 year old with no support system, and unable to work b/c she's so sick, about to be kicked out of her apartment, beaten by her boyfriend for "catching pregnant"?  I'm going to punish her for becoming pregnant when she is doing everything possible that risks it? How is that unjust?  Not all the abortion cases are about rape, especially the ones you mentioned. You cannot generalize and stretch extreme circumstances like these over the whole lot of abortions going on for other reasons. (And rape victims frequently believe in letting the baby live instead of continuing the violence by killing.)  Plus, you are trying to compact every possible thing that can go wrong in a single case, and then you're trying to generalize this. If abortions are outlawed and women (and girls) are made to carry out their pregnancies, I would bet parents would be more careful about letting their child have sex; considering abortion is no longer a solution.    Tell me this; why do pregnant girls/women have to remain pregnant, in your opinion? Because it's the right thing to do? Is there such an absolute?"?  If you mean "moral" absolute, well... since America no longer bases its laws on a moral absolute, then it can't be argued on those grounds.  I believe a baby is a person like you and me and deserves to live. And it should be considered murder to kill them; regardless of people thinking they can play God and end the life of an infant because of physical or medical deformities. (Sure, kill all the sick ones. That shows REEEAL humanity)  Why do they have to remain pregnant? Well, in the first place, they don't need to become pregnant. The don't ever have to get pregnant. I think they should remain pregnant till the baby is born because they voluntarily performed such actions as to conceive.    You don't sound dumb at all; just young. There's a difference. :)  Necessary evil...abortion in circumstances as above. If that's what the girl wants, and she's educated about her decision (as well as other options) then that is a necessary evil. Anyways, on a different tangent, don't we need evil to see the good??"?   Thank you, I think I understand now.   You're right, development shouldn't matter much if you're looking at it from a morality standpoint, b/c it's going to 'eventually' get those necessary body systems for function. So if your morality is your argument, then those don't really matter. My thoughts are that it's incapable of thought or independent action. It has no pain centers, so there's no pain. It's like, nothing. My dog has more significance to me than a 6 week old fetus. Ah, blaspheme, many will say. That's fine. I know I treat my dogs better than many, many people treat their children.   Don't worry, I won't condemn you for thinking your dogs are smarter and more capable than a baby that has yet to be born. :) Perfectly reasonable.  No pain? Well, neither will a five year old in a coma if you kill him. Just because feeling isn't present doesn't mean it isn't murder.  No independent action? A baby can kick, suck its thumb and even react to different types of music. That sounds like it needs a brain to do that.   Wow, that's a horrible story. Sounds like she was a little railroaded into that decision. I hope you have some sympathy for her; she regrets her decision, and that's tough stuff. It's so easy to judge, so hard to feel empathy.   I do have sympathy, but not necessarily the kind you're thinking. I'm sad because she was persuaded through her doctor and/or medical team that it had to happen. And I do believe she was human enough to feel bad about her decision, I never forgot that. Believe me, it was kind of a shock when I read it and I didn't feel very happy afterwards.  Throughout our entire conversation, I've held back from saying that it is difficult for me, a 27 year old woman, to hear a 16 year old male say all these things. Of couse you are entitled to your opinion, and of course you are entitled to vote on such isses, etc. but it is truth that you will never actually have to make this decision for yourself. It's easier when you can't put yourself in another shoes because of biology.   You're a woman? Maybe I'm clueless, but I thought from your avatar that you were a man. Oh well, I guess I can be glad I didn't base my responses on the gender I believed you to be.  I will never have to make that decision, true. But it doesn't invalidate anything I've said. A person can still have a valid and correct view on a situation regardless of gender. But I can tell you this, that the biologically fertile being was born from another biologically fertile being that chose to let them live. I think their children should be allotted the same rights.   On a side note: I know there are many pro-life women. I wish I could find stats so I could know if my theory is right; the theory is that most pro-life women are indoctrinated with religious rhetoric. In which case, they're all wacko, b/c major religions of our day demote the status of women. Why would they want to belong to such an organization? emoticon_xangel I'm gonna get blasted for that. Heh.  Cheers to you, Prototype, for having an open mind and taking these things into consideration! emoticon_xhoho  You're welcome. :-)  I don't know about female degredation in religion; but regarding pro-lifers of both genders:  I think religious persons are more active pro-lifers than pro-abortionists because they have an absolute to base their beliefs on. A pro-abortionist can't excuse himself from such laws. Since more pro-lifers have found a moral basis for their views, they speak out more than a person who is pro-life with no other weapon than their belief in human rights and the justice system.  Women who fight for rights concerning this are merely trying to ridicule their own religion if it happens to condemn them for abortions and that strikes them as taking away their rights. They count that as degredation so they can scream about injustice.  That's my current theory, I stand to be corrected.
Tastyfish, you failed to note my distinct singling out "inanimate" property as the property being discussed. My body is not an inanimate piece of property, it is not a loaf of bread, it is not someone's house, it lives, it breathes, it has rights, it belongs to me. I have the right to determine what it is used for.  haha, your reasoning is so funny. You have to qualify everything and then make certain exceptions to the rule for the sole purpose of justifying abortion. Why can't you just say you support discriminating and killing certain people instead of trying to deny this simple fact?
You brought up sin. I have to think that your religious concepts cross the road with abortion somewhere. Of course, you're smart enough to know that if you say it does, then my reply will of course be...you cannot wish to legislate your religious doctrine to the masses. Of course. ;)  I know. Nobody I meet will accept that my religious belief doesn't influence my view on the subject. And I don't want my religion to influence the laws of america any more than I'd want someone elses. I think that based on the laws of murder and killing in this country that a baby in the womb is a person as well.  I think you may have gotten the wrong idea. I'm fighting for women's choice; the choice to remain pregnant, the choice to not remain pregnant. I'm not in the streets promoting abortions; big pictures on signs proclaiming "Kill your Feti! Kill your feti!" Do you see the difference? I've seen the pictures. It really doesn't matter what they look like. There's just nobody home; how can there be, without a fully developed neural center? How can you kill someone that's not there, and has never been there? You do understand that I'm not interested in late (3rd) trimester abortions at all, and even 2nd ones are iffy in my mind, with few stringent exceptions.   I've run into arguements on this several times before; the one about whether a baby is conscious or whether there is a mind or soul inside that would make it an actual person. My view is... well, I'll give you a reference to Bernard Nathanson's book. Chapter 10: The Vector Of Life, The Hand Of God  A baby is capable of being born before nine months and before it is fully developed. It might be slow and behind in its mental developement and may not even be able to think of its own. But it is alive, and killing it then would be considered murder. I don't know why it isn't considered the same with babies in the womb.  People do not always have sex to make babies. To condemn them for this is ridiculous, idealistic, and fantasy.   I know they don't have sex just for procreation. Does that give them the right to kill?  Perhaps you're talking of love. I wouldn't hold it against any man or woman to love, after all, my Mom and Dad had to to make me live.:) But that still doesn't excuse killing. It would see more like selfish love to do things that risk pregnancy and then kill because they want nothing of it. The baby never did anything wrong and didn't suddenly appear of its own will inside the mother. Why should it have to die? So they can do this and be able kill freely?  Even if there is just one woman who was raped somewhere, I would not deny her a choice about her own violated body just because statisically the chance of her circumstance happening is very small. And that's great; since I'm pro-choice- that some rape victims choose to remain pregnant. More power to them; like heck if I feel I would be more qualified than they to make such a decision.  The overwhelming majority of all abortions, (95%), are done as a means of birth control.   Only 1% are performed because of rape or incest;   1% because of fetal abnormalities;   3% due to the mother's health problems.  I found it here. http://www.abortiontv.com/Misc/AbortionStatistics.htm  If you are willing to allow the death of at least 1.5 million babies around the world, I would think making it illegal and making just that 1% of women carry their babies to birth would be a better idea. It should to you, if I understand you correctly.   A. Do you think I'm way off the mark here? Do you think that these things never happen?.   I don't deny it does happen. But not as much as you're trying to extrapolate. Look at that site again.  B. You bet parents would be more careful? Do you think that parents have that much control over their kids? And hey, don't forget about the kids who don't live at home anymore. You need to meet some more XXXXXX if you think that people are going to be more careful about having sex if abortion is no longer a solution. :) Man, you're generalizing all the individual reasons women have abortions under the heading of "convenient". I'm trying to show you that there's more to it than just "convenience".   I think more people would be careful about it. Those females who don't have it just for the fun of it. It would reduce abortion rates quite significantly anyway, wouldn't you think so?   There we go. We're just going to butt heads until the end of time. I believe that a woman has priority numero uno, and since it's her body, she is the best decision maker in this situation. She has to live with herself, psychologically and physically. I don't.   And the baby has his/her own body too. The question is this: Does the mother have the right to abort her baby based on concerns for her own body? I'm not saying she can't kill for her own safety (In that debate, only the mother can decide) but if she doesn't have anything to worry about beyond normal pregnancie risks;. Such as disease or infection because of the fetus and such.  I don't care what the woman does with her body as long as she doesn't harm the other one.  Who said kill all the sick ones?   You didn't, I was more or less grumbling from one of the arguement brought up in pro-abortionists' debates on the possible concerns of the mother.    Do you think that everytime someone has sex they are voluntarily committing themselves to get pregnant?   No. But the risk is there 100% of the time, and they do it anyways. Shouldn't the mother (and father of course) be held responsible since they did it? It isn't like someone forced them to and told them to live with it. It's ridiculous to say they should be allowed to kill simply because they didn't do it for pro-creation.  Your sarcasm is not appreciated, nor will help you get your point across. And on top, I didn't even say that. I said, they have more significance to me than a six week old fetus. A dog has personality, thinks, and determines it's actions. A six week old fetus isn't even 'there'.  No, no no. You misunderstood me. I agreed with you whole-heartedly on what you said, I meant no sarcasm. Maybe I should think more before adding smilies.   Careful where you use the word "murder". I'm sure you're aware that "murder" is the illegal killing of a creature. Abortion is not murder, soldiers in the field aren't murdering anyone, etc.   A woman's body has nothing to do with the army, nor does the baby's. I think the definiton of murder should be more like this. "To kill brutally or inhumanly." And believe me, the methods used are most certainly inhumane. I'm talking about 2nd trimester or third trimester thing, I'm sure you must understand.  I knew this coma thing would come up. Is the child dependent on it's mother? Does the child have a fully developed brain, did the child have independent thought, and, lastly, does the mother want to keep it? Couldn't she just disconnect the life support? Is that moral?  No, wait, I really don't want to get into that. A kid in a coma is not the same as a 6 week old fetus in the womb. The End.  Very true.    A six week old fetus?   Perhaps not always. But there's no way to tell. The thing is this: Are you willing to let it be killed simply because it is incapable of these things?    I'm glad you read about her experience. I hope you will not condemn her for her actions. That situation sucks.   I cannot condemn her because I think she was deceived. That I admit. I don't let up on the fact that I still believe her actions were wrong.[/QUOTE]   Will Ferrell is funny to both sexes. :)  Who is he?   I purposefully put in that of course you are entitled to your opinion and it doesn't invalidate anything you've said so you wouldn't have to type this. Interesting that you used the word "chose". Did she have a choice to make?  Choice or not, she still is alive and she should let the baby she has to live.
If your mother was raped, got pregnant, and absolutely didn't want the child; it endangered her health, threatened your welfare, would you say, Sorry Mom, since only 1% of women who are raped get abortions, I'm not going to allow you to do that?   You said it wrong. Only 1% of people who have abortions are rape victims, not 1% of rape victims get abortions.  Any of the reasons for abortion are just as frequent in regular conception. The answer is "No, I will not give you a license to kill for any reason."  How about, instead of killing the innocent baby to solve the problem, punish the rapist (spelling?) and have him provide for it till birth?    Yes. A woman is not a receptacle for baby making.   Then she shouldn't behave like one. After all, she doesn't want a baby, why act like one?  Yes, they should be, and sometimes taking responsibility includes an abortion.   You have a very different responsibility idea than I do.  I respect that you think the definition of murder should be something else, but it's not. I'm not fond of 3rd trimester abortions, and I understand they happen very rarely for extreme circumstances. What are the methods for 2nd trimester abortions? Aren't they the same for 1st trimester? I don't know. I'll look it up.  Nope. 2nd and 3rd trimester's usually require such things as inserting tools into the womb to cut the baby in pieces (and it CAN feel pain now) and sucking them out through a tube. That, or putting a device inside that creates a toxic environment for the baby, killing it slowly. That is inhumane, considering that the baby is not only being killed, but being killed painfully and slowly.  I think I've said all I can. I encourage you to talk to women and couples about their decisions.   I will, don't worry.  But there's one thing about this whole debate I can't comprehend. You think that a man and woman should be able to have sex willy-nilly for whatever reason and kill whenever they get pregnant because they don't want it. And, you seem to think that outlawing abortion for the other 95%+ that do it for reasons other than rape/incest is unlawful. I have a question regarding that particularly: Do you value the lives of 1.5 million babies over that of just 15,000 mothers?
Why not ask the woman what she wants? She's innocent, too. No one wins the abortion debate, remember?   I would only consider that an option if the woman would die if the baby remained inside her. Neither has to die, but they choose to kill the baby because it was forced on them.  Oh, bloody hell, women have sex for other reasons than to be baby receptacles.   I KNOW THAT ALREADY!!!!  I know, I know, I know...  And babies aren't born to be killed by their sex-driven Moms who don't give a care for their life in the first place.  Do you consent to getting into an accident every time you get in your car? If you need medical assistance after you get into an accident, should it be denied to you? "Sorry pal, should've worn your seatbelt like we told you since grade school. Can't help you out," said the EMT. "Suffer the consequences of your actions."   An accident is one thing. Deliberate actions are required to get pregnant.   I'm not sure I completely understand your question. Are you asking if I value the mother's lives more than the feti they abort? Where do your numbers come from? Could you rephrase? Thanks in advance...   Check this site again: http://www.abortiontv.com/Misc/AbortionStatistics.htm  By the way, the numbers I've seen seem to fluctuate in the 1.3 - 1.4 - 1.5 million everywhere, but 1.5 seems the highest.  What the question asks is whether you think, in the cases of rape and incest, would you make abortion legal for just that 1% of women? 1.3-5 million babies are aborted since it's legal. Wouldn't outlawing it and saving over a million lives be a better idea than to make abortion legal for just that 13-15 thousand Moms? The moms lives aren't in danger from it.
But you haven't spoken one teeny little word about the SEX-DRIVEN DADS WHO DON'T GIVE A CARE FOR THEIR LIFE IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!  Why are you discriminating against SEX-DRIVEN DADS WHO DON'T GIVE A CARE FOR THEIR LIFE IN THE FIRST PLACE?  Maybe all SEX-DRIVEN DADS WHO DON'T GIVE A CARE FOR THEIR LIFE IN THE FIRST PLACE should be summarily rounded up and castrated and that would end the problem forever!  Right?  I didn't 'not' mention the Dad in the first place. I just mentioned the Mom. I feel the Father should be equally responsible for the baby too, I'm not discriminating. Don't make assumptions like this.
You mean you wouldn't even ask the woman what she wanted? After she was raped? That's pretty harsh. I guess you're one with the rapist; not giving her a choice about her own body. Feel the force. Welcome to reality.   THE BABY IS NOT HER BODY!!!  This sentence make any sense (babies aren't born to be killed..huh?). Plus, the tidbit about sex driven Moms is ridiculous. You seem to think that people are irresponsibly frolicking around in bed without the slightest care all the time.   No. I dont'.   You deliberately got in the car. You knew what the consequences could be.   Not correct. Consequences from YOUR own actions are your own fault. An accident is a different thing. Having sex almost gaurantees pregnancy, but driving a car does not gaurantee an accident.  Would I make abortion legal for just that one percent of women raped? I think my answer has already been stated, but I'll say it again; even if it's just one woman that was raped of course. Why would you deny her choice based on the idea that her predicament is so unlikely? Can you think of any other circumstance that happens?   Her baby is not her body so it's not her choice.  Plus, I think you pretty much answered my question. You believe it's better to keep abortion legal and allow the deaths of 1.3-5 million babies than illegalizing it and making only 1% of abortion mothers live for just 9 months pregnant. (Nothing like Death !!!)  I guess your mind is made up here, so I won't try and convince you further.   It's not as easy as you think. Why do you think you can decide that "moms lives aren't in danger from it"?   Just being raped and conceiveing from it doesn't automatically put her life in danger. I'm stating a fact, not an opinion.
No need to shout. The baby is not her body, you're right. (Hey, we agree!) It's too bad that this circumstance happens. It sucks. However, I would not align myself with a rapist and force a woman to be pregnant after rape. It's absurd, it a violation. I don't care that the fetus is innocent; so is Mom, and she's standing, sentient, with emotions, a life, perhaps other family. Again, I repeat; it's too bad this happens. I'm not encouraging her or any woman to have an abortion, I hate abortions; but I would not presume to be more knowledgeable about other people's lives than they are.   You don't align yourself with a rapist when you force a few women to carry out their pregnancies. Rather, you're preventing the continuence of violence in the issue. The rapist should be made to do anything finacialy or anything else as punishment. HE forced her to be pregnant, after all.  And death is absurd. The woman stands to lose quite a bit in most cases, I admit. But the baby stands to lose everything altogether. A woman can at least consider the baby's rights to LIVE.  And besides, you're view on this is built on the assumption that every raped woman wants an abortion because of family, emotions or other circumstances in life. That's not altogether true, I'd encourage you to look into exactly how many rape victims had their abortions willing vs. those who had them against their own will.  Having sex almost guarantees pregnancy? No offense; do you go to a private/religious oriented school? B/c this sound a little like the propaganda I've read that is coming out of schools like this.   I don't know how this is relevant. (I don't GO to any school at all by the way)  Yup, you're right; I'm not interested in passing legislation that would legalize forced pregnancy and mandatory childbirth. Especially for rape victims!   I respect that, and I'm sure there's nothing wrong with that; other than allowing people to kill. Killing does not cure or stop the violence imposed on the victim.  If it's so morally irreprensible to you, why not let the women worry about their morality? Why do you feel you need to push your own morality? The women are the ones that have to live with it. Seriously; I've asked this question several time to several different people and have never really gotten an answer. Thanks in advance.   Let me ask you this. If someone decided it was morally right to kill any family member that might effect their life in a negative way, would you allow them to do whatever they want?   Punishment for murder in any case in America is a moral in itself. There may be moral views suggesting that killing is justified in the case of revenge. But morals are already used in creating a law that makes killing murder in any case. Nobody complains about morals being pushed on them then.  Morals are not something I'm imposing. Morals are never going to impose law in America, Not anymore. I look at abortion as an act of murder; regardless of circumstances.  If you've gotten anything from this, I hope it's the understanding that not everything is cut and dry, black and white. Peoples lives are complicated.   I know. But killing is still black to gray and white.
Wrong, wrong. I'm pro-choice; which means I promote choice. If a rape victim wants to continue her pregnancy, that's fine with me. If she wants an abortion, that's fine with me. Choice. I'm not promoting abortion. And I've said that before.   You promote choice, but not abortion? Isn't the particular choice you support the choice to have abortion? I don't think you can support the one without supporting the other at the same time.  It's relevant b/c I want you to know that sex doesn't always guarantee pregnancy. I should have quite a bunch of kids at this point if that were the case.   It doesn't guarantee pregnancy. But it happens frequently enough. Enough to consider what will happen if it does.  You don't go to school? Man, how'd you get so lucky?  Huh?  So if you're not pushing and promoting your personal beliefs and morals, what are you doing? Don't people disagree with your opinions on what is moral?   Sure they do. And there are some that agree with me too.  Obviously, in an abortion issue, personal beliefs have to be included. There are people out there striving to say an early baby is not a person. That is a personal view. Plus, there is a personal view that the baby is a person from conception. Those are personal views, but currently the first one made the law.  Only pro-lifer are poked in the chest because of their personal views when the pokers themselves don't even realize the reasons that make them pro-abortionists stemmed from their own personal views. So lets stop this personal view thing, pro-abortionists act the same way.
I support women's choice; to do with their bodies as they please. I'm not walking around town carrying signs that say "Have an abortion, they're great!" or "Everyone should have an abortion!" or "Choose abortion! It's the best choice!"  I support women's choice; no matter what that might be. People can make their own personal decisions without my involvement. Friends can come to me, and I'll support their decisions, even if I don't agree with it.  Oh, I get it now. I though when you said "pro-choice" you meant the choice to have an abortion. I see now.  (You said "Huh" to my question; "how did you get out of school?") I meant, really, how did you get out of going to school, you lucky bug? :)   I do homeschool work. I do study math, english, science ect. My Mom chose to do homeschooling because of personal reasons.  I don't think you understand what it means to be pro-choice. You're pushing your morals on the masses. I'm want people to choose their morals. If I was pushing my views, I would be telling people to get an abortion, like you're telling people not to. Instead, I'm encouraging society to allow people to make their own decisions. Does that make sense? It's been a long day.   Allowing people to make their own decisions is fine. That I agree with. I guess I have a better understanding now of how the pro-choice person is.  But I still hold my belief that morals play a part in this issue, whether it's constitutional or not. There is eventually going to be a moral absolute in the ultimate debate on this, regardless of moral-less people. The law is already built on morals, I don't think anything unconstitutional would be commited by prohibiting it.
Law is not "Built on Morals".  True, but it will require morals once the abortion issue is finally settled. You can disagree with me of course, but that's what I believe will happen.
Do you assume that those who follow those morals that are prescribed by religion are the only people who have morals?   Just stop it there. No I don't, I don't believe I implied that either.
Could you please clarify what you mean when you say "moral-less people"? What is a moral-less person?   A person without morals.   Currently, the law which you say "is already built on morals" allows for abortions. So...maybe you'd like a chance to reconsider your statement:  Remember that I said morals. I did not say "good" morals or "my" morals. The fact is that it is, trying to completely obstruct morals from the law is futile.
I've never met or heard of a person without morals. Have you? I'm sure you mean people without what in your opinion are "good" morals. ------------------------------------------------------------------------        emoticon_confused  If you're confused by my last post, I'll explain it.  Trying to use a moral to impose a law will never work. Morals are included, but if you gave that as one of your main reasons for creating a law, they would never allow it.
 However, it is against the constitution for laws to be introduced which purely promote a particular religious point of view, without having general reasons behind them as well.  That is correct. I wouldn't want anyone else's religion dominating my legal life either. Morals are different, obviously. But you are right, morals often stem from religious beliefs, but particular religion influencing a law shouldn't be allowed.
[QUOTE=Another opinion]Well, I might have jumped the gun a bit in assuming that your morals come purely from religion. Mainly, I was reacting to a general trend among pro-life posts that seems to assume that people who are pro-choice are not moral. I, personally, have never met a pro-choice person who didn't have a code of ethics about right and wrong behavior (i.e. morals).  [quote] I have never met a pro-choice person with the correct code of ethics.   I would agree that, in essence, legislators vote to pass laws based on their inherent sense of ethics. This sense of ethics might have been inspired by religion, or by rational deliberation, or by instinctual reactions (ex. there are many examples of animals essentially sacrificing their needs for the needs of the group, so instinct does play a role in our sense of morality). However, it is against the constitution for laws to be introduced which purely promote a particular religious point of view, without having general reasons behind them as well. This isn't true. If Church X is the only church that thinks the color blue is immoral and State Y decides to introduce a law banning the color blue then this isn't unconstitutional. Now if the law said "anything that Church X said is immoral is against the law" then this would not fly with the US constitution.
Considering that your definition of the term "correct" code of ethics is simply your own opinion, then I could say the same thing: I have never met a pro-life person with the correct code of ethics. Much of what we are debating in these abortion threads is precisely what our ethics are behind our choices of where we stand on abortion. Whether those ethical codes are right or wrong depend on your assumptions. You simply assume different things than I do. For example, from an earlier discussion, you seemed to assume that a mental existence might be possible early on in the pregnancy whereas I don't.  I don't think it is my opinionat all. I believe in an absolute right and wrong. I never set my opinions as the absolute either.   If State Y banned the color blue for PURELY religious reasons, that would be against the constitution. Whereas, if State Y banned the color blue because Church X was pushing for it (which drew attention to that color) AND because there were general reasons to outlaw it, then that would be ok. I don't know of any law that had a "reasons" list attached to it. If a state rep, for example, voted to ban color blue for purely religious reasons than that is fine. Even if all the state reps thought this way this, the banning of color blue would neither be respecting the establishment of a religion nor would it be preventing the free exercise of a religion. There is nothing in the constitution that states you can't make an idea from a religion a law...it just says you can't make that religion the religion of the land.
If you believe in an absolute right and wrong, then prove that those exist. You can't, can you? It mostly comes down to opinion and personal preference. People certainly have trends in what they consider right and wrong, but there has been no evidence to prove one particular path uniquely right.  the ability to prove would require there to be an absolute. So why would you ask me to prove if you don't believe in an absolute. Furthermore, even without proving doesn't mean there isn't an abosolute.   When laws do not infringe on anyone's constitutional rights, then often simple majorities rule and the law is never challenged. However, when laws do infringe on people's cherished rights, then those laws are often challenged in court and the reasons presented in court for the law then cannot be purely based on a particular religious point of view. The reason for a state rep voting on a law does not violate the 1st amendment. Establishing a religion or preventing free exercise of one does. This would be saying the Church of England is the official church of the USA and all muslims can't practice their religion here. A very simple amendment that doesn't stretch beyond what is says. What you suggest actually violates the "free exercise" part of that amendment.
You claimed that your ethics were not simply a matter of opinion but that you at least partially try to follow an absolute set of ethics which you believe exists. If you have no evidence for that absolute ethics, then that simply leaves you back at the starting point - your ethics, like mine and everyone elses, are a matter of opinion. No, as I said, a proof is an absolute..so if you ask for proof that an absolute can exist you already accepted that one in fact does exist.  Imposing aspects of a religion on the whole populace is also covered under that first ammendment. For example, if one tried to impose 90% of the rules of the Church of England on the populace, do you really think that that would be allowed under the constitution. Within your arguement, it sounds like you think it would be allowed. I know that different justices have different points of view, just as with certain other ammendments. It is all a matter of interpretation. I would say 90% of the church of Englands rules are put onto to the people. Amendments can't be skewed to mean anything other than what they say...why? There is no basis for doing so! The 1st amendment is very clear....no establishing and no violation of free exercise. If a law said "the Christian God is the only true God" than this would violate the 1st amendment. It is a very long stretch to say "can't respect establishment of religion" means can't pass a law if someone feels its right based on religious reasons. A good example might be passing a law limiting childrens access to porn. If every state rep said "porn is against my religious views therefore pass" then this wouldn't be a violation of the 1st amendment even if challenged.
That doesn't make logical sense. You claimed that an absolute ethical path exists and that you at least partially try to follow it. I challenged you to present evidence to support that assertion, knowing full well that you did not have such evidence and that, therefore, your claim that your ethical stance was something other than opinion was false. I'm frist trying to see if you believe absolutes exists...if not, then what good would a proof do when you don't believe in them?  The main reason that our Supreme Court exists is because interpretation of the constitution is not as straight forward as you would like it to be.I think it is more straight forward than what you think it is.   Different justices, all of which have studied the Constitution in depth, have different interpretations. Of course they do..with the living constitution, you could have 9 different interpretations. This is only a recent thing however...prior to that, the justices tended to stick with the same way of figuring out questions.  As it stands now, there seems to be a general understanding of separation of church and state based on the constitution. yeah, as it stands now...tomorrow we could have no separation. I love constitutions that evolve :)  if the new justices that Bush appointed start changing that accepted doctrine, then that will spell a certain type of doom for the freedoms we have enjoyed in this country for over two centuries. You mean it would spell doom for the judge created "freedoms" we have enjoyed the last 50 years.  I suspect that this is a subject that we will not resolve and, to be honest, I simply don't feel like going around in circles. Well you can't win an argument with a constitution that has no meaning (in the view of the living constitutionalist). My understanding and the understanding of most judges prior to the early to mid 1900s was that words have meaning and that judges should all stick to the same standards and be consistent with it. Non of this "well its unconstitutional today but maybe tomorrow it will be constitutional".
Those Who Abort Them Know Otherwise.  I posted this on Youdebate, but as this is becoming more popular, I'll post it here too.  --- Some people call an early concieved baby just a fetus or bunch of cells early on. That is their view.  But this question makes me wonder if they don't say this just to ease their conscience. "If it is just a bunch of cells, why do they abort it?"  I think some people will agree that the fetus is a living thing. But I have never heard of a couple who didn't want a baby look at it and say: "Oh, it is really just a bunch of cells. Why not wait a while before it starts looking like an actual human just to make sure?"  This one particular arguement infuriates me. If they're going to abort the baby, I say go ahead. But don't start calling a little child not a human being. The woman knows darn well it is a human being and that is why she has it aborted.  The little children are the future of america. Well they don't have much future if they can't even get the respective title of "Human Being" just because they're young. I've seen aborted babies at just six weeks and they look an awful lot like a regular baby. Just a ton smaller.  Every person reading this post (including you ;-) ) was a baby just like that thing. You were just as much alive then as you are now. If you truly weren't living, than how do you explain yourself now? Life doesn't come from non-organic material.  I've smiled before because my Mom chose life for me and my ten brothers and sisters instead of making excuses like this. She went through a lot of pain and financial cost and worry. But there is no baby out there that isn't all these things. I think more women (Or adolescent girls who get into sex early in life) would choose to let their child live if they saw what a baby truly looks like and what a baby truly is. They wouldn't look at early babies like they were nothing more than an inert bunch of matter.  So my question is this. Why don'y they call those bunch of cells a baby? Do they:  1. Do it because they believe it really is a baby  or  2. Do it because it eases their conscience when they kill it?
aww yes,  The Person v. Human arguement. This is more of a word game to justify rather than describing reality. I often ask the question...if you are pro-choice...then why do you feel it is your job or the mothers job to determine if someone else is deserving of human rights that a person has? This might be "begging the question" but don't we have to? If not, then I could say John Smith is not a person and thus it is ok to kill him. Any reasonable person would find this crazy and say "well of course he is a person". What makes you so sure? What gives you the authority to make such a call? Who are you to tell someone else they are not a person deserving of rights?  I suppose you can play words games all day though...but whether you call the unborn a fetus, human, person, dog, cat, goat doesn't really matter because he/she doesn't change based on a word.  The unborn deserves life because you deserve life as well. We are all of the same kind and for whatever reason, we believe our kind is worthy of natural rights.
I have heard the arguement of "a bunch of cells, not a person" from men and women. Perhaps women who have abortions don't speak of it as much, but it still seems to be used by pro-abortion people. They try to justify this idea because the young fetus is the only arguement view they can fall back on in such a debate. At least, that is what I've seen.  A fetus is not a fully developed person. So what? What difference does that make? emoticon_confused They are still a person, and it should be just as much a crime for killing it as any person outside its mothers womb.  And when I talk about abortions, of course, I am talking of humans. Please, at least try to avoid including dogs or other animals in this debate, it usually ends up with vulgar comments. And I won't equivocate animals with humans either. (Not that you were, but the people who read your post might.)
Well, I wish I could change your view.  Perhaps some pictures of babies at say... 6 weeks or so would convince you that they're a person? I mean, maybe it won't change you're mind about them being a person till they're born, but perhaps the fact that they look like babies may make you think differently?
Well to me, it is very simple. You are not a person until you are born. That is when you get your basic rights.  The end.  What if I want to say you aren not a person until you are 1yr old? Does this mean I can abort my 6month old son and you wouldn't find that to be wrong or rather make it illegal?  Once again though, I have never heard of a human not being a person...seems rather odd to play words games to achieve a desired result.
Yeah, some people try to find a place to draw the line there, but that arguement almost always wins. A lot of people have tried to pare it down to the first four or five or six weeks, and most pregnancies aren't even detected then.
Exactly. The original post smacks of someone who has a limited understanding of this most complex issue. No serious discussion speaks of things like "bunch of cells" or quibbles about the words we use to discuss the unborn. These are the thoughts of someone who spouts what someone else told him, or what he read somewhere and is devoid of critical thought. Mostly, as Simone suggests, this is someone who has never had to address this issue on even close to a personal basis. I am continually shocked how men (I am male) profess to have such an intimate understanding of a situation they could never experience.  This is the biggest fallacy done of these forums. Being male has nothing to do with it because I know many females with the same views as me and the original poster. So right there your arguement is irrelevant. Even more so though, we all understand the situation because we were all once a fetus. I guess, by your own admission, that if you are white you can't say slavery is wrong with any authority. Furthermore, if you were supposed to be aborted and were not yet you are a male you have no say in the issue.   LOGICAL FALLACY
Prototype, you are only 16 years old. You are probably male. You have never experienced what Michele has experienced.  How can you, in your limited world of inexperience and knowing little, claim to want to convince Michele of the wisdom of your limited world of inexperience and knowing little?  It's true I am a male, but how does that relate at all? Any man can have a say in this matter and so can a boy. It's like saying unless you've been killed, you can't say anything against the murderer who killed someone else. You don't know what it felt like, how can you complain?  I happen to know that pro-choicers seem to think that 16 year old girls who get pregnant early on can have a say and even make a decision regarding this issue. Simply because I cannot get pregnant and that I'm male makes no difference.  And my world is hardly limited. I can't avoid this abortion issue anywhere I go. The newspaper, the internet, it's everywhere. I know a lot more than you assume and remember this. I am the fourth in a family of eleven children. I know what things go on during pregnancy and labor and birth. I have had seven brothers and sisters born after me. Would you like to withdraw that little assumption?  Whether Michelle agrees with me or not doesn't mean I can't debate this. If she thinks I'm not worth debating or thinks I'm too young to try and convince her otherwise, she can leave. But as long as she stays and debates, I will try just as much to change her view on this issue.  Simply because I'm young and a male makes no difference. I can still have a say in this matter and I can still debate this with older people.  So please, don't make such assumptions when you want to debate.
To those who are pro-life, I pose this set of questions:  If a embryo were conceived that had no mind or soul and would never develop a mind or soul (so it would ONLY be a living human body with "nobody home"), would you still have objections with a woman aborting that embryo? If yes, why?  If no, then what are the main differences you would see between that situation and a typical pregnancy? If you think that there is a mind or soul in the earliest embryo (right after conception), then why do you believe this? Otherwise, do you think that one should not abort an early embryo because it will someday have a mind or sould?  Well, if you're talking about this as a reason to make ALL abortions illegal, I would probably say get rid of abortion anyway. There are very few abortions made for that circumstance.  And besides, you can never know whether a baby would never have a mind. Every baby (this is my belief, you can disagree if you want) has a soul. It's not something you develop.  And coming up with a reason to kill it simply because its undeveloped is merciless. Lets kill all the sick, undeveloped babies who may have health problems instead of helping them out! Now there's an idea.
Trying to change the definition of "person" isn't realistic. The truth of it is that no one has rights until they are born. Some rights, such as voting, come later.  If you die before you are eighteen, no one has deprived you of your right to vote.  If you are killed, no matter how early, then someone has deprived you of your right to live. Rights or not, it is wrong and its an injustice to human life to allow killing. If nobody has rights until they are born, you are assuming that life doesn't begin till birth. The only reason they are killed is because they were alive in the first place.:xbanghead
Trying to change the definition of "person" isn't realistic. The truth of it is that no one has rights until they are born. Some rights, such as voting, come later.  If you die before you are eighteen, no one has deprived you of your right to vote.  you are the one changing the definition though.  Person: A Living Human (among other things)  the fetus is both a human and living.
You are missing the point of the question. I am simply trying to get to the core reasons about WHY pro-life people think abortion should be illegal. My personal view is that abortions should be illegal (with the usual exeptions of risk to mother's life, etc.) from roughly the third trimester on (and allowed before that) since Science seems to tell us that this is the earliest point when the higher brain functions of thought and emotion can start to emerge. I find it hard to have much sympathy for a very early fetus since there is "nobody home" that I can have sympathy for - it is still just a body then that will someday have a mind.   I was simply asking these questions to see what the views of pro-life people are on this matter. So, what is YOUR view on this? Namely, when do you think an embryo / fetus / baby first starts to have a mind or soul, and why do you believe this?  I dont discriminate based on how much "mind" someone has. I am no more a person than a severly mentally retarded person is. Your claim would be that a person with asheimers disease is not a person. If they are not a person then why treat them as such?  It is an inconsistent standard or an arbitary standard that you place. Third trimester is not scientific at all but rather a court made thing to say "3 periods".   As for why I think a person deserves rights at conception (or soon after) is because it is the only nondiscriminative way to look at it. It provides equality as well and because this is an unsure question it is always best to take the safest stance.
Your world is not limited? You fail to mention that you have ever known a woman or couple facing the issue of an unwanted pregnancy. Announcing that you belong to a family that didn't seem to employ birth control is hardly something I would use as a stance from which to have an unbiased or worldly opinion.  Also, you're 16 for god's sake, of course your world is limited. No shame in that, just recognize it and have a little humility.  Listen. For the amount of people I've debated, not many of them have been confronted with a woman or couple who've faced this issue either. Yet, they still debate left and right, and being an adult doesn't mean you know more, and being a teenager doesn't mean you know less. Nobody says they can't have a say simply because they weren't INVOLVED in such a situation.  I've talked (and debated) with a woman who had an abortion before. There, does that satisfy you? Or are you just going to say that since I only talked with one person that it doesn't matter?  Limited world means nothing. I think a lot of people would agree that the radio, the newspaper and the internet are the most informative things in this world. I am surrounded (literally) by these things everyday and I look into abortions of all issues and circumstances. Whether I am young means nothing. My world may be limited in some aspects, but not in this one.
This is untrue. Do you just make things up Steveeee?  Trimesters are a longstanding medical designation that are related to fetal viability. They are roughly each 12 weeks. Fetal viability prior to the end of the 2nd trimester (24 weeks) is highly unlikely. That is the basis for which 1st and 2nd trimester pregnancy terminations are considered medically appropriate and therefore legal.   I think that this may have some bearing on this issue of "humanhood". One needs to consider whether the fetus would be able to survive outside the mother's womb. The court made this up in Roe v. Wade....at the end of the 3rd month there is nothing that changes enough to justify calling it something different (2nd trimester). It is just 3 periods....made up by the court...adopted by the medical field (because roe set the 1st trimester rule).  http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/clinic/interviews/balkin.html Roe v. Wade did two things. The first thing it did was [it] said that states could not criminalize abortion. The second thing it said was that there was going to be a rather elaborate framework for determining when the states could regulate abortion. This was the famous trimester system that divided the term of pregnancy into three three-month periods. And many people objected to the trimester system because they thought it didn't leave enough discretion in the hands of state legislatures.  Care to rephrase your statement?
Yes it does.  appeals to authority is a fallacy that doesn't work. Try again.   Of course it does. It means that while your right to an opinion is as valid as anyone's, the scope of your experience does not allow you to express as fervently as you do, opinions about topics with which you have little familiarity. Who is to say the poster has little knowledge of the subject of abortion? Because he hasn't had an abortion? That is crazy. Does a doctor not know anything about heart disease eventhough he does heart surgery and has never had heart disease?
How large a role does your religion play in what you believe about abortion?  First, let me reply to those who know I'm rather young.  I'm 16. That's my age, I admit. But does that falsify anything I've said, or make anything I've said untrue? Does it have any less meaning? If I said my age was... 23, would you doubt me then? Come on, my age makes very little difference.  Simone, my religion has nothing to do with my views on abortion. Granted, I needed some to know that murder and stealing are wrong, but that's about it. It really hasn't shaped my views on any of this.
You are missing the point. Of course Alzeimer's patients and the mentally retarded have minds. I do not discriminate against anyone with a mind. I do discriminate against living human bodies without ANY minds. Someone with alzheimers has no mind...no more than an unborn.   You may not discriminate how much mind a human has but I would guess that you would also be willing to discriminate against a human that has no mind at all - for example, someone who is pronounced brain dead, but who is being kept artificially alive via machine. The part of our brains that develop the earliest are only those that control the machinery of our body (blood flow, digestion, etc.). It is only later in the pregnancy that the brain starts developing to the point that thought or emotion (subconcious or conscious) are possible - at least according to Science. In placing my own choice of determination date at around the beginning of the third trimester (which is simply a unit of measure - one could choose, for ex. 26 weeks or 793 days if you prefer), I am actually erring on the side of caution in that the great majority (if not all) fetuses would not have achieved a rudimentary mind at that stage. The brain develops much earlier than 3rd trimester. In fact, it really isn't "for certain" when the brain is developed enough to meet your arbitary standards. In your example, lets say this "brain dead" person has the ability over time to develop the brain back. Would you feel it is ok to unplug this currently brain dead person eventhough it is fairly certain that their brain will re-develop?   For the record, a brain actually starts development from day 1 but more significantly around 1 month (or so) into it (for those concerned with brain waves). At birth the brain is only 1/4 developed.    If you dispute the scientific basis of determination when the earliest possibility of thought or emotion could occur, then present your case. I would guess that your case is purely based on religious grounds or arbitrary guesses - for which you have no evidence one way or the other. You haven't presented in "scientific" facts to show it is not a human you are killing :). You also present many fallacies here such as "religious grounds". I haven't said one thing about religion in all of my posts to you. So lay off the fallacies for a bit.
How large a role does your religion play in what you believe about abortion? FALLACY ALERT!!!!  http://www.fallacyfiles.org/guiltbya.html
Its not a fallacy, if his views were shaped by his religion then he needs to seperate the religious parts if he wants to have an influence in legislation. No he doesn't  You realise that this is complete nonsense? I agree, which is why I think they both have a right to live.   Why do you say that someone with Alzheimers has no mind? Until their mind degenerates to the point where they no longer have higher cognitive brain waves, then they still have some level of mind. Well...if brain waves are the standard, then we can conclude that any fetus and anything past 30 days is a person.  The brain may start developing early on but that does not mean that rudimentary thoughts or emotions (i.e. rudimentary mind) can start from the beginning. So far, the scientific evidence I have read on the topic suggest that this can start happening in the early part of the third trimester (ex. ~30th week). I thought brain waves was your standard above? Now it is brain activity to have emotion. Once again, alzheimers patients are SOL.  As for the recovery of the brain-dead person, my understanding is that, when a person is declared brain-dead, that means that their cognitive capabilities cannot recover. If you want to leave room always for the extremely unlikely 'just in case' scenario, then would you advocate for all people who are pronounced brain dead to have their bodies kept perpetually alive artificially? You are just avoiding the question here. It is obvious that a brain-dead person can't re-develop their brain...that is however, not the question. The question was what if they could (or we had a method that allowed this). Would you find it ok to pull the plug instead of allowing the person time to re-develop the brain. Your answer is obviously going to have to be "it is ok to pull the plug because at that moment no measurable brain activity exists". So you kill a human that can easily meet your standards for being a person.   I never denied that it was a human that was being killed. I was simply saying that aborting an early fetus was not killing a "person" since, in my view, a "person" also has to have a mind. I thought you were for choice? Now you want to dictate what a person is? What authority do you have to tell me whether or not I am a person.  I am happy to hear that you are not basing your views purely on religious grounds. So many pro-life people do and do not admit it that it is often difficult to start a discussion. So, is it your opinion that thought or emotion is possible as soon as the brain starts to develop? I never said I don't base anything on religion either. Seems like one would have to value human life over other life for a reason. Many choose religious reasons for this. Never the less, I don't need to argue based on religious grounds, I can win an arguement on abortion from every standpoint other than "I want to be selfish". Anyone that says they values others as equal would have to be pro-life or inconsistent (hypocrite). See www.l4l.org for a very consistent view of pro-life. I also disagree that many pro-life people argue on the basis of religion alone. Some do, but it isn't required nor is it any less valid.  As for thought or emotion...this isn't a requirment to be a person...you only have to be a human to be a person. I don't believe any human is better or worse than me.
[QUOTE=Tastyfish] Its not a fallacy, if his views were shaped by his religion then he needs to seperate the religious parts if he wants to have an influence in legislation. QUOTE]  No. If that was true, than no law in america should stand. Things like prohibiting murder and prohibiting stealing are religious based ideas as well. Now, in this day and age, people like you will say that you cannot use religious views or beliefs to make a point. You are wrong, very wrong. Without a religion or God to make the rules, than there is no definite right or wrong. Including religion in legislation will not hinder me in such areas.
That clearly can not be the case though, murder and theft are illegal everywhere despite what religion is popular. The law is just rules for living socially written down, religion came later to enforce them - whether God recognises the importance of these rules and decided to lend his weight to society or whether it was just priests deciding that God would probably agree with the existing laws.  People do not turn into random theives and killers if they become atheist and God isn't overly clear on Patent law.  Most laws are just common sense, I am happy to waive any right to kill people if it allows me to live in a society which will try to prevent other people killing me, likewise with theft.  In the abortion case, I have no problem with you deciding that you don't want one or even trying to disuade people from getting them because you beleive that the soul enters at conception and God does not approve (as long as you arn't too obnoxious whilst doing it and don't mind people doing the opposite back to you). I do have a problem with you trying to get your religion made law if you can't back it up with non-religious logic.  In short, if your religion coincides with the laws you would propose, good for you! If you think abortion is wrong purely because there are passages in the bible that state God knew someone before birth and therefore they must exist as a 'whole person' by whatever definition you choose, then thats not enough to justify a law in my opinion.  It also clogs up the threads, its best if the religious reasoning for and against and the secular (not atheist) reasonings for and against are kept seperate I think.  Well, I still believe that a universal right and wrong exist and that God set them in order. I also believe that he gave every human the knowledge of right and wrong. But that is justmy belief.  I won't argue with you further on religious grounds. And I'd hardly try to get my religion mixed into the law of America. There are so many different religions practiced in America that anyone trying to get a law in by their religious belief would be ridiculous, and certainly not enough to enstate it. (I agree with you there.)
It is not just ANY brainwaves. Brains not only define our thoughts and emotions (mind), they also control our bodily functions. In my understanding, all or most of these functions involve electrical brain activity (i.e. brain waves). If a brain is only putting out brain waves controlling bodily functions and there are no brain waves reflecting thoughts or emotions, then I would say that that living human has no mind and is therefore not a person, only a living human body.  Well, that would limit many handicapped people as being persons.    You had never answered my question that I had posed first about whether you would pull the plug if you knew that that living human body could not recover. As for my answer to your question, if Science could prove a mental existence without brain waves, then I would have to rethink the criteria. So far, that is not the case. If that were the case, then I would hope that other criteria could be found by which one could judge.  I didn't realize I was supposed to answer to that. I will first respond to your answer. The unborn is an example of brain activity growing into a mental existence as you define it. Why would you need to rethink your criteria for that situation but not this one?   As to answer your question. It is surely scenario based. I wouldn't pull the plug on anyone that could breath or otherwise move on their own. It someone is on machines for every function of life then obviously there is nothing that person is doing on their own. Does this answer your question?   The same authority you are using in saying that a person starts at conception. Neither of us has authority in making such a definition. We are simply stating our opinions and our reasons behind our opinions. Other people reading our views will simply make up their own minds.  perhaps I was unclear on this. It isn't my call to call them a person or not. Just give them the opportunity to determine that for themselves. This however, requires some kind of standards because your wouldn't reasonably give a tree time to see if it can call itself a person. These standards should be set for what could reasonably be a person by your definition (or in my case..I select the set of all humans). It is not unreasonable to let anyone with human DNA determine if they are a person or not.  Why would you not include a mind in your definition of person? If there is no mind (or soul, if you prefer), then who exactly is it that you are having sympathy for? A soul and mind are different things. I don't think one losses their soul if they have lost their mind :p. Nevertheless, if a mind is your standard for human, you have to discount alzheimers patients as human, and even some mentally retarded "persons". I don't believe in this because who am I to say who does or does not have a mind. Are you all certain a 7 week old unborn doesn't have a mind at all as you define it? Science can't measure a mind really...not without communication (they can measure brain waves but not extent of what they communicate).   As for the consistency, I value people - or other mentally existing humans - and my views are consistent with that approach. No, I don't place much value in human bodies that do not have a mind or mental existence. you define "mind" (it seems) as with emotion and thoughts. Trust me when I tell you that mentally handicapped and disabled persons can have neither emotion nor thought (that one can know of). Spending much time in a nursing home leads to this conclusion. However, many people have taken the logic step from your views which is eugenics and euthanasia of persons that are a "burden" on society.
Please, please, can somebody help me? Steveeee thinks that the term "trimester" as it refers to human pregnancy is first a legal concept, defined with Roe v. Wade, then adopted by medicine. I have looked through as many medical sources as I can and I cannot find out when it was first used. It is such a common term, it is presumed a given and there is no elaboration of the term. I am in the medical field and I know this with utmost certainty.   Maybe not finding this is a sign that I am correct. I am sure if you looked hard enough one doctor at some point or another referred to pregnancy as three periods but there is no need to split it this way unless you are referring to abortion. There is no medical backing to a trimester system. It is as arbitary as semester. The article should have been enough evidence to show that the court set up the trimester framework...yet you still deny this.  A "mothers health" was also defined by the courts. So try and prove me wrong, if you do, then fine, I don't care...I don't see why you are stressing about it as it proves nothing either way.   [Aside: Steveeeeee, you are correct that "partial birth abortion" was never created by physicians. It is also not used by physicians as it has no meaning and inaccurately refers to a certain procedure that has nothing to do with those terms. It is a term that was coined by politicians.] yet by law is a medical term now.    And thinking for yourself, forming opinions, making your own decisions without benefit of belief system dogma? Is that not allowed in your world? It seems that your belief system states that if you believe in something that a religious person believes in then you must be part of this "dogma" (a word you seem to love I might add).
Are you claiming that handicapped people do not have the higher level brain waves associated with rudimentary thoughts or emotions? I have never heard of the like. Just because someone cannot communicate their thoughts or emotions doesn't mean that they don't have them. I agree, but you require evidence of this I thought. There is no evidence to support some patients having emotions or anything thought other than basic breathing type of thoughts.  Perhaps I misunderstood your question, but I thought that your scenario was one of someone continuing to mentally exist without any brainwaves. If science could prove that someone could mentally exist without brainwaves then I would not only rethink the scenario you presented but would also rethink the early fetus question. There has been no such evidence, so I am not forced to change my mind until and unless such evidence would be presented. Then let me rephrase the question. If a person with currently the same brain activity as an early stage unborn was sitting in a bed and the doctors could in fact give him something (or maybe just on his own) to restore normal brain function as you define it, then would it be ok to kill this person before the treatment?   I am confused. Does that mean that you would pull the plug on someone who had nothing left of themselves (including mind) and was only being kept alive by machine? What if they were breathing on their own (that part of the brain was still alive) but the part that defines mind (thoughts, emotions, etc.) were dead? I thought I made this clear. Breathing on their own...no. Every life function running by machine then yes.  To let someone determine for themselves, they have to have a mental existence - otherwise, what is it exactly that is making that determination. My only criteria for personhood (outside of human DNA) is that the being have a mental existence (i.e. mind / soul). Indeed, you criteria of them determining for themselves is more narrowly defined since it requires a higher level of mind than what I require - the simple existence of a rudimentary mind. It certainly doesn't require this. An answer is irrelevant as it is still not my call. I don't have to assume mental existence...a mentally handicapped person from day 1 might not be able to determine this but I still don't get to call them a nonperson because of this. It is still their call...even if they can't make that decision.  Why do you keep saying that Alzheimer's patients or the mentally handicapped do not have minds? Does your definition of mind require the ability to communicate? My definition is simply that rudimentary thoughts and emotions exist, whether or not they can be communicated, and whether or not they are conscious. So far, the scientific evidence points to certain types of brain waves always being associated with thought. If this is the standard then you are going to have to push back personhood to starting sometime around the first month or two. An Alzheimers patient has about the same mental capacity. I am not sure how many you have seen...but the ones that are bad off have 100% no thoughts or emotions. In fact, some look like Terri Schaivo (sp) without the massive brain damage. It just seems your cutoff for when enough emotion and thought is enough is soley based on you wanted abortion to be allowed instead of any non-arbitrary standard.
I don't want to quote everything as normal.. I will just pick up on the main points.  Your whole idea is that brain waves are key. I say that this is inconsistent because brain waves start early yet you think 3rd trimester is when they have emotion and thought brain waves....something you later on deny as being possible to know. So I will just deal with all possible scenarios using your standards.  Using Just Brain Waves: Brain waves start around 40 days (or so) in a baby...that we have been able to measure.  Using thoughts and emotion Thought and emotion is rather limited with anyone that young (even a 2 day old baby). A baby has been born at 21 weeks before (this is 2nd trimester I might add). Some say the baby has "dreams" at 17 weeks although I don't know the extent of these dreams.   Here is kind of a link...not sure how good it is though. http://www.babyworld.co.uk/information/baby/baby_development/babies_brains.asp   Either way, we haven't any reason to believe that thoughts and emotions has to be the standard. It would be like me saying 1yr old is the standard...and thus me aborting my 7 month old son should be very moral. It is just arbitary and against all reason. My idea of letting it be "to each their own" is the best way to look at it. I don't decide who is or isn't a person...however each can decide for themselves even if they don't have the capacity to do so. It is the most fair and the most consistent.
Please don't keep introducing the false arguement of Alzheimer's patients or severely mentally handicaped people not having ANY minds, since they do. No they don't. You are talking to a brick wall there. During the late stages of Alzheimers you pretty much have nothing but a person that is breathing. This disease kills you so it isn't like a lack of brain function is the question here. Many people who think the brain is everything make the natural leep to killing someone who has Alzheimers disease. The very very basic brain functions are exactly like what an unborn has as explained below.  1) I do not claim that ANY brain waves define a mind. There are many types of brain waves - some purely associated with bodily function (those are the ones that start at the early dates you claim) and other associated with potential thought (or mind) that, according to what I have read so far, appear to start near the beginning of the third trimester. Since, for me, it is the mental existence that matters, those early brain waves associated with bodily function only are not that significant. This website seems to suggest differently http://www.birthpsychology.com/lifebefore/early.html  One has to set the limit SOMEWHERE. I set it at the beginning of mental existence (i.e. beginnings of the mind) since, when we have sympathy for people, it is not their bodies we have sympathy for but themselves - i.e. their mental selves (the thing in yourself which you call "I"). Until there is a mental existence, there is no "I" - there is just a body. Once again, why is your standard right? My standard is to not set a standard. I have sympathy from early on to death do us part :p. What you are telling me is that 1yr old could really be the standard since you think we can decide for others when they are a person or not.
You and I seem to have differences of opinion about what we consider "thoughts and emotions". You seem to require some visible sign - either through verbal communication or physical expressions. You assume that my interpretation of "thoughts and emotions" is the same as yours and therefore seem to assume that I would exclude such people as Alzheimer's patients from "personhood". My main point is that my definition of rudimentary thoughts and emotions is much different than yours. I neither require them to be communicated (verbally or physically) nor for the person to even be conscious. Even the person having a sense of self (the concept of I) is enough for a mind. Even the person being able to choose to lift up their arm or look in a particular direction involves a mind and simple thoughts. The scientific references I have come upon so far show that the higher brain waves accompany thoughts and suggest that, where there are no higher brain waves, there is no mind. Have you run across any literature that suggests that these Alzheimer's patients have no higher brain waves? If so, please quote and reference them. If this is your standard then an unborn qualifies pretty earlier on. At worst you would have to say this unborn qualifies...this is before 3rd trimester. However, even in the first trimester an unborn qould qualify under your standard. Furthermore, you state that it doesn't need to be communicated verbally or physically....I never said it did and if this were the case why does the unborn require this? An Alzheimers patient in the severe stage is no more capable than the unborn in the link I just provided you. This is not an opinion based on observation...look at a brain scan of someone with Alzheimers.   Your web site did not refute my claim that higher brain waves only happen afterward, and the great majority of its contents discussed late fetuses. You just said that an arm movement requires some thought....the website suggests 10 weeks!! That is first trimester (end).   But you do set a standard - you exclude all life prior to conception. Even the web site which you quoted writes "We believe that life is a continuum which starts before conception, not at birth." Some ancient Greeks thought that sperm were just miniature people ready to grow into a full person. It seems ridiculous now that these ancients endowed simple sperm cells with the full attributes of people, but it is just as ridiculous to endow a newly fertilized egg with such attributes. Somewhere along the line, something changes which changes a simply human cell or cells to a person. For me, that something is the beginning of the mind. What is it for you? It is a little unreasonable to say a sperm is its own unique person. The sperm is not a human by itself and would die without being part of the whole. So my standard does rest with reasonableness but it sets no standard for anything human. Maybe a better way to put it is all humans are given the chance to be a person. I don't know where you got that quote from by the way...please link.   So I am not sure where your standard lies. Is it movement or some thought at all? I thouht observation was not the way to determine this. Is it a sense of "I" because any doctor will tell you that an Alzheimers patient has no thought of "I". And once again, why does your standard have to be King? It seems a standard that is very open ended will surely allow for any error because of our limited knowledge in such a hard moral question.
Your link just shows a human hand. Disturbing as that image is, that image says nothing about whether there is a mind present or not. We are naturally disturbed when we see a human form mangled - from mangled bodies to purposefully staged art images of mangled human forms. Just because we have the emotional reaction doesn't mean that there is substance behind it. We have to separate our emotional reactions from reality. The hand reached out and grabed the doctors finger...You mean to tell me thats not a person?  So, what is the reality of such an early fetus? At 10 weeks, there can be spontaneous movement but spontaneous movement is not evidence of a mind controlling that movement. Touch a newly dead (headless) frog in certain spots and it will move around. We should not confuse things that appear to have a mind (ex. movement) with things that actually have a mind. One has to do a full analysis and I trust Science with such analysis (involving the back-and-forth debate within pear-reviewed publications). From that website: "By 15 weeks, ultrasound reveals babies moving in reaction to something as simple as a mother's laugh or cough".  So if 10 weeks isn't good enough for you..surely 15 is.  As for your standard, if it is a standard that all human life be given the cance to be a person, then a sperm is also human life. Why not give it a chance to become a person? Also, from your wording, it sounds like you acknowledge that a newly fertilized egg is not yet a person. Is that true? How is a sperm a human life?   My standard lies at the beginning of some internal mental existence that doesn't need to be externally expressed. Since I don't have the background in biology or psychology to judge for myself when thought first starts, I trust Science, which tells me that it is late in the pregnancy when thought can first start But it doesn't tell you this. You haven't shown anything to suggest this! In fact, my evidence shows the exact opposite. I just don't know what thoughts and emotions you are looking for. I baby grabbing someones finger isn't good enough (that is a common photo btw)...a baby reacting to a mother isn't good enough....I don't know what functions you wish to have. An Alzheimers patient has all reactionary responses in the late stages..The breath and sometimes react to getting kicked in the knee...this is like the 15week old fetus listed above! Yet you find the Alzheimers patient to clearly be a person but the fetus not. I don't understand where you draw the line...please provide some scientific evidence...as I have to support your claim.   As for my stance...it is very different from yours. Right now I am just arguing that your standard would lend a different result than what you have...however, my standard (the non-standard) doesn't play word games by trying to define person and human. A human is a person...it has never not been this way up until recently when people tried to find a difference. All of this differences prove nothing and are based on arbitrary points that change.
Its likely reflexs if the brain isn't showing activity in the right places as well, especially when you consider the what the fetus will be responding to in the case of laughs or coughs - its not hearing the sound but being compressed by the movement of the diaphram. A lot of movement (probably the majority of it if we take into account moving to balance weight and smooth muscle stuff as well) requires no concious control from the brain at all, and in many cases you won't even be aware its happening. Don't forget that on top of this there are a lot of instincts babies have as soon as they are born that then are replaced shortly after, grabbing things is one of them. Though I don't know quite what the level of brain involvement is when it comes to instincts. Is this based on you guessing or do you have any backing for what you said here?
Not quite a just guess, but what I would assume was the case if the brain wasn't showing any (let alone higher) activity in the brain. Its the case with with more traditional reflexs like recoiling after touching something sharp or hot, or when your leg moves when the knee is tapped (which is one the balancing ones I mentioned). On top of that there are the frog leg and lizard tail examples. The laughing and coughing on is almost certainly going to be a reflex (you don't conciously move when you are poked or prodded unexpectedly, the signal doesn't even go up to the brain until after the movement is complete in these sort of cases in adults), the grasping one I'm less sure about as I don't know entirely where instinct works within the brain.  ok? I am not sure what your point is with all of this...
It was in response to you saying that brain activity occurs early on the pregnancy, whilst there may be some neural activity and even brain activity - it doesn't require there to be a mind, or even for the body to be alive in some cases.  for one, the body is alive. Secondly, I would say that your assumptions are based on anything. This website suggests that emotions and thoughts consistent with what "Another Opinion" finds to be a person are seen early in pregnancy. While it very well could be wrong, I see no reason to think it is unless you are a neuroscienctist.  I believe Tastyfish has already addressed these (Thanks, Tastyfish). He addressed this based on his own thought and no evidence. At some point you gotta think that your goal is not really to find and answer but ot justify one you already have. I wonder if you might be working from the conclusion that the unborn is not a person and finding ways to justify this.  If your requirement is that it is alive and has human DNA, then sperm is a human life. What is the difference between a sperm and a newly fertilized egg? Mainly, the newly fertilized egg has a COMPLETE set of DNA and will begin the growth process into a full human being. What do you think is so precious about a newly fertilized egg that is important enough to take away the woman's right over her own body? A human cell by itself can't survive. It is the collection that makes the human. Doesn't really matter how big the collection..just so that the collection is self growing. Anyway, that isn't your question...the sperm is not "alive" in the sense I am addressing and is only half human DNA as you say. We can get into the specific science of it but in the end this doesn't matter to me.  One has to distinguish between reflex actions and actions controlled by a mind. When one is emotionally involved, it is easy to read more into reflex actions and disturbing images than the reality supports.  Scientists generally agree that thought and true emotional reactions are chiefly held in the cerebral cortex, which is much slower to develop. My evidence on the beginnings of thought were presented in my post #40, quoting from the fourth section of the link: http://www.2think.org/abortion.shtml.  ok, so we look at actual thought and emotion from the cerebral cortex. Alzheimer's Patients have the cerebral cortex destroyed. I couldn't really find a link that talks about it but here is a glossary which has some terms. http://www.zarcrom.com/users/alzheimers/w-07.html  I just don't understand that if you have such a hard time saying we should kill severe Alzheimers patients. Many pro-choicer people have gone to this logical step. I however don't take the view that brain is everything...even more so if it is growing into a highly developed one.  by the way, your link gets the Bible wrong again...everyone makes the mistake of quoting that "exodus" passage. It makes the skeptical about the source but for now I will assume the part you refer to is correct.  You claim that a newly fertilized egg has always been called a person. I disagree and challenge you to come up with proof of your assertion. It is not word games when people simply disagree with your arbitrary view of what makes a "person" (which you have never actually defined in detail). My view is not arbitrary at all..in fact, it is even what a common dictionary says. Human and person are just interchangable words...not that this even matters. http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=person  My main goal in coming up with a criteria for abortion law is to analyze what exactly it is that we find precious. For me, there has to be "somebody" inhabiting a body for it to be precious enough to overrule a woman's right to her own body. You seem to think that a living human body with "nobody home" is more important than an existing woman. I think it is not my call to try and make some standard for seperating humans and persons for the sole purpose of abortion law. This doesn't place an unborn above the woman but rather equal. It just seems that whenever we try to say "this isn't a person" it always backfires and is wrong. Better just to assume the position that trying to seperate the two is just a way to justify an action rather than seek the truth of the matter. Science actually told us that blacks were not people like whites but that proved to be wrong on so many levels...same thing with Jews. It goes farther back then this though. Once you decide to rank humans and classify them, you always end up discriminating and just plan being wrong.
Having had three infants, I observed the grasping instinct when something touches the palm of an infant's hand, a profoundly human instinct, a reflexive action, not a reflective action that is, an action governed not by thought and decision but by an action of the lower brain.  Humans have been evolutionarily designed to grab things with their exquisitely grasping hands.  Gimme, gimme, gimme is the basic animalistic constuct of the human animal. When we move away from the animalistic state and become human we are more prone to share than to seize.  not the pro-choice people emoticon_xgood
I thought that was a pro-choice argument, that your property is your property regardless of who else may need it more?  It is, Simone just thinks stealing is ok so long as you are hungry.
Tastyfish, you failed to note, as I have told you in another thread, that I plainly stated that human life has priority over ownership of inanimate property. I must also add a codicil to the effect that animals that one may own, I hope that I do not have to make a distinction between humans and animals on your behalf, Tastyfish, but let me remind you, a human may own animals if he or she wishes, but a human does not own other humans, strictly interpreted as a human who has been born, is able to survive independently of dependence upon another human's womb for survival.  Parents are responsible for their children, one hopes that they are capable of such responsibility, but they DO NOT OWN THEIR CHILDREN once liberated from a fetus' dependence upon the womb for its existence.  you have the weirdest standards....it seems like you just make them around the basis of wanting abortion legal.
I wanted to read this whole thread, but I have to stop you there. What's non-organic material? Do you mean things that aren't alive, or do you mean things that don't consist of carbon atoms? If the first, I'd disagree. If the latter, I'd agree only because the definition of non-organic is anything without carbon, so it's a moot point.   Let me put it simply. It is either dead or never alive in the first place. That's what non-organic means. Unsupportive of life; incapable of starting life.  They are just a bunch of cells. If we take your position to its logical conclusion, we'd have to stop masturbating as that kills of billions e10 of living things.  My conclusion does not eliminate masturbation, and you can't put abortion and masturbation on the same platform.  Guess what, you happen to be nothing more than a bunch of cells yourself. You have things that babies haven't yet developed, true. But the fact is, your body is made up of nothing else. You're killing would lead to an investigation of murder, while a baby's life isn't because of people like you who try to make this belief a fact.  It is not just a bunch of cells, it is a human body with a developing system arranging every single cell in such a way to form everything needed to live dependently. A bunch of skin cells or fluid cells are not a living person.  Oh yeah, 10 siblings? How old are you? Were your parents rich, foreign, or Mormon?  I can't see how this is relevant.
Proto, perchance, was your father a polygamist?  No chance. And besides, my Mom still had the same amount of kids, how does this relate?
My goal is to try to analyze the situation as objectively as I can and then draw conclusions. If Science could show the highly improbable situation that a one month old embryo has a mind, then I would change my stance on abortion to not allow almost all abortions, and would then push hard for as good contraceptives as the medical profession could possibly make.  As things stand, that is not the case (luckily for women who need to make such a choice). The scientific sources I've seen so far point to the potential for thought starting around the beginning of the third trimester. The two examples which you gave - a photo of an earlier fetus grasping a doctor's finger and the response stimuli to a mother's voice can, at first glance, appear that there is a mind that drove that finger or a mind that reacted to the mother's voice. However, one has to analyze farther. For example, with the fetus photo, it is easy to jump to assumptions that the fetus might have felt fear and held onto a finger for emotional support because that is what we might assume from similar image of a young child. It is an emotionally stirring photo because of that assumption. However, we have to ask ourselves whether that assumption is right and that is where Science comes in. Scientists have investigated wide ranges of biological / neurological behavior and are able to distinguish between behavior that involves a thinking mind and behavior governed by the body itself - as in reflex actions. I do not have the background in biology to judge for myself so I trust the results of scientific inquiry.   The few links I have seen so far suggest that many areas of the brain (including the cerebral cortex) are in the process of being destroyed in an Alzheimer's patient, just like the fetus and born baby have cerebral cortexes that are in the oposite process of being developed. There comes a point in the development of a fetus' cerebral cortex that thought first becomes possible and that seems to be reflected by the onset of higher brain waves. If there would come a time that there are NO higher brain waves in an Alzheimers patient, then I would also agree that there is no mind left. You have not shown that that is the case and I haven't heard that to be the case.   My definition of person is not arbitrary. Whenever we use the term "person" in any sense of having sympathy, then we always assume that there is "somebody home" in that human body. Otherwise, who are we having sympathy with? I simply have never gotten a good definition from you about what constitutes a person. More specifically, do you or don't you think that a newly fertilized egg is a person and, if so, why? You still don't give any links to these scientists. If "everything you have read" has shown you this...then why don't you post links to all of this. The position that the "mind" is where you draw the line is more arbitrary than just not deciding a line. The concept of "higher brain waves" means nothing because we never thought of drawing the line here until we realized we wanted the conclusion of abortion. A human is a person is a human and to try and find a difference is just playing word games to achieve a desired result.
Twice in this thread alone (posts #40 and #69), I have given you the link to the main arguement. I will give it again:  It is part 4 of http://www.2think.org/abortion.shtml An article from the well known (sarcasim) 2think.org that states scientists think this doesn't show anything about scientists..although this is not really the point as it is clear you take the "neurological view" which is not the view of many scienctists at all but rather just one group.  In my own deliberations on abortion, I started out by analyzing all the situations in which I consider it wrong to kill and recognized that a core minimal requirement was that the person at least minimally exist mentally. The main consideration behind most of these deliberations was to treat others as I would have myself be treated. I believe my mother should have had every right to abort me before I started mentally existing. "I" did not start to exist until I started doing so mentally so it would not have made much of a difference if she had aborted me at three months, if she had used contraceptives, or if they had never had sex during that period. Nobody would have been hurt since nobody existed yet.  I was fairly confident that first trimester embryos/fetuses did not have a mental existence but did not have a good feel about certain second trimester fetuses until I read such links. With proper scientific evidence, I could still be convinced that the mind can exist prior to the third trimester - I simply haven't seen any such convincing evidence. This still presents a view that is both arbitrary and discriminative. It is arbitrary because one could easily say they think a person (or human...or whatever) begins at the develoment of fingernails. Furthermore, one could say that a person doesn't beging until the cerebral cortex is finished development (after birth I believe) or until the brain has gained the ability to development a sense of "self" (also after birth). It seems with someone so subjective (if you place a value on life) as this than you would probably either want a safe bet standard or find other criteria that everyone tends to agree on. This is how I can get to the idea of having no standard. If one is in development of any of these standards than that is enough. This is neither arbitrary as it doesn't define a point really and it doesn't discriminate based on development. So why is the sperm and egg not considered in this? Well, neither of them involve any of the views on development of life. This also support something you said earlier which is that life is a "continum" (was that you?). If life is continuious than it would seem that there is no gap from one life to the next as we are always in development.   As for your last comment, I could just as easily say: A person is not a human is not a person and to try to make them the same is just playing word games to achieve a desired result. I would then ask why a person is defined as a human.
Of course, I am not counting the views of scientists that have nothing to do with the study of the brain since those opinions are much less relevant. My opinion as a scientist is not relevant on these issues since that is not my field. Therefore, I rely on the opinions of scientists (neuroligists) who do specialize in the study of the brain. Then you already limit yourself to viewpoints. Atleast represent it well and say many neuro scientists believe the celebral cortex begins development at 24 weeks.  You arbitrarily place your limit at conception I don't place it anywhere. You assume conception from my statements but I simply said is in development for any of those views. This backs up the idea that life is continous which is not an arbitrary point but rather an infinite (somewhat) point (which is not really a point). You get a timeline and point "here" and that is the point you think a human exists...you might as well have thrown a dart. I just don't pick any point because it isn't my place to do so. You seem to think otherwise which makes it arbitrary.  Certain animals can have minds as well but, if we were to also call them people, then we would have to grant them similar rights. Though I support anti-animal cruelty laws, I, personally, don't think animals should get the same rights as we humans do. That is why I place being human as one of the criteria for being called a person. this doens't explain while person is defined as a human.
 So, if one wants to avoid a religious arguement, then who could possibly be considered better experts than neuro scientists? You make the assumption that the mind is what has to guide us. An embronic (sp) scienctist would say something different.  You simply chose to define person and human as the same thing (all humans are persons as well). I chose to define person as a human with the possibility of a mind. What exactly is it that you are questioning? I am saying that human and person have never not had the same meaning..or rather person has never had a meaning other than "a human"...until the abortion debate when we decided we wanted to justice it. A simple dictionary will show this.  As for arbitrariness, if you truly believed that all unfertilized eggs were people as well, then you would also have to protect those. Your goal of protection seems to start at conception, which is why I stated that you set your limit there.My goal is to not set a point. I have tried to make this clear. If you set a point than you fall into an arbitary arguement. An unfertilized egg is part of a human...getting rid of it would not end the development of a seperate entity of a species. Like I said, if life is continious there is no "point"..it just keeps on going.
They are human fetuses. But not a person as yet.  There are human sperm and eggs, dog sperm and eggs, etc. When you say that they are human you are merely indicating the origin of the eggs and sperm. Human versus feline or canine or whatever.  If it was not a human what species is it?  A sperm is just a replication of my DNA; and the human egg is just a replication of the woman's DNA; however when these unite an individual human exists with all the chromosomes to be identified as a human, and more importantly an individual because its DNA is unique.   Its death is murder, even according to existing law.
Species is an abstract concept - if we are being really technical its not human unless it either a: looks like a human, or b: can breed with one.  I'd advise you have a read of the Science and Where life begins thread before you make statements like a person being created at the fusion of egg and sperm. Its not as simple as you might think.  What species is it then?
None, its unclassified until it meets one of those definitions.  Species isn't as cut and dried as people like to think, have a look at the whole herring gull/black backed gull issues, as well as the various dog breeds with red coyotes and wolves. Its really just an arbeitary label we apply to things to make it easier to repeat experiments really - just like colours have no official boundaries and sort of merge into each other at the edges, so do species.  No, we have moved on since the 1930's, we have DNA now; it can be used to identify and catalogue species, sort of like barcodes.
Nope, DNA on its own means very little as its fairly random with regard to the amount of matching DNA between two organisms due to issues with chromosome numbers and suchlike. Even being able to predict what organisms might be able to breed with one another doesn't stop species being arbeitary with all the things capable of assexual reproduction or being extinct. Or the wierd thing of one organism being able to breed with two different 'species' who can not breed with each other.  We are far closer to chimps in our DNA than we are in our proteins that the DNA codes for - a lot of the genes are near identical with regard to the actual code, we just stick them together differently (after splicing the 'junk DNA' introns out).  Really? Then why do they use it to identify rare bird's eggs in prosecution cases? They could use the same principle to convict those killing unborn humans.
Because what matters there is that someone is meddling with the continuation of a line, they are trying to prove the eggs came from somewhere specific most likely. I was under the impression that a trained ornithologist would be able to tell the difference between eggs without needing to do a DNA analysis.  Its technically shaky ground though, its using the 'I'd know one when I saw it' definition of a species rather than the actual technical one. Law and science do have a tendancy of just assuming they know what the other one is talking about, and law has a ton of other wierdness thrown in from precedent etc. Law likes to be consistent, science likes to be right even if that makes it inconsistant over the long term - its very different viewpoints. Technically speaking, if we do this then transplant organs and cancer cells will count as people under the law  Not to mention if you are going to decide that just being 'human' is required for protection under the law and nothing else then you need to say why - and in most cases the explaination themselves, generally tending to be a list of traints found nearly exclusively in humans and regarded as special, would surely do as the set of things required for protection under law. Otherwise You are dragging a scientific term that has nothing to do with what you are making it mean into the legal system, which will just make things more confusing.  Rubbish! An organ just like any other part of a person's body carries a signature in the DNA, that is present throughout the whole body, yet a foetus has their own DNA, and killing it is the destruction of a unique person, with their own DNA. When you destroy a foetus, you destroy a unique individual; you should stop comparing them to the organs of people, that is misleading to people seeking the truth.
Nonsense! Identical twins are seperate people, yet form after a single sperm and egg have fused and have indentical DNA - are they the same person? We're talking comparing DNA to a standard in the bird egg cases anyway and seeing what degree it differs from it, not seeing if each is a unique individual. If you want to exclude organs and cancer cells (which are totally self sufficient organisms with human DNA) then you end up excluding identical twins.   What a pathetic statement! Their DNA is unique to them, and is not replicated in any one else, especially the mother, who you try to compare the foetus to as another organ.
Indentical twins have exactly the same DNA, doesn't matter if its different from the mother because its the same for two different people. The reason it seems so weird having to include organs and cancer as people because they have human DNA is because making having human DNA the sole requirement to count as a person is a utterly stupid idea.  Its like insulting someone pointing out that if you say that the number of legs is what should determine person under the law, you will be including chickens as people.  It is not the sole reason; the reason is to demonstrate that it is a separate person, not an extension of the woman as you are trying to describe it as. It is not like having a tooth out, is it? A person will still live if they have a tooth out, unlike the destruction of an unborn, which will not go on to live after the abortion. Can you not even see this? Why are you completely denying this?
The tooth and the fetus both die, your analogy is a bit confused here.   There is nothing confusing; it is not even an analogy. When I "get my tooth out", I do not die, when you "get your son or daughter out", they die. A person and a tooth are not comparable.  The DNA means nothing, absolutely nothing here. The fact its a different thing means its a different thing, the DNA doesn't really add anything to the debate other confusion. Not to mention you've ignored the issues with cancer that has a different genetic sequence (slightly) from the hostThe tooth and the fetus both die, your analogy is a bit confused here.   What! DNA has nothing to do with abortion yet cancer does?  DNA has every thing to do with the debate, it is one of the rudiments for distinguishing people from each other, and this is exactly what you are trying to do with regard to the foetus and the mother. What is confusing is when you talk about cancer; cancer will not grow into a human being, whereas a foetus is a human being.
Since you seem to be considering abortion to be murder from conception because, as you say, the embryo is then a "human being", I wonder what meaning you are attaching to that term besides simply having a complete set of DNA and having the potential of growing up into someone who we do cherish. I suspect it is that potential that is by far the overriding factor in your view of abortion as murder. As a test, I would ask you the following question:  If the newly fertilized egg, or even one month fetus, would stop their developement at that point and stay that way forever with no chance for continued development, would you still call it murder to destroy that entity? If so, why? What would you cherish in that perpetually existing newly fertilized egg?  Since the scenario you describe never happens, the question is hardly worth answering. However, it would be murder to kill that person who is less developed then we are. We are all developed to different degrees, and the level of development is not a factor that determines us as people.
You're still confused - whatever you take out of the body dies, whether its a organ, tooth or developing person. People who have abortions don't die - which is what you are saying.  Well done, you have grasped the concept, if you remove your son from your womb, he dies. His entire life will end. However if you compare removing a tooth to removing your son, it is not an equal comparison, because for it to be a valid comparison, the extraction would have to be like for like, say for example: your finger and his finger, your toe and his toe, your eye his eye. Taking his entire body and destroying it means that an equal comparison would be to take your body and destroy it. Agreed?  DNA doesn't have anything to do with it, but if you bring it in, then you bring in the issue of cancer. Cancer cells have distinct DNA from the parent, and can survive without it (infact most cells lines have outlived their parent), cancer cells have human DNA (but don't meet the real criteria - oh but nor does a fetus!).  Seeing as you are happy with a fertisilised egg being a human, or a section of a blastocyst even if they will not develop into anything - why do you exclude cancer cells from your definition of human? What is the difference between the two?  Why are we trying to dinstinguish mother and fetus, you don't need DNA for that at all anyway? So, when some women allow their pregnancies to take their natural course and are rewarded with children, do people with cancer receive an offspring after 9 months too?  No, so the physical comparison fails.
Kcajymmij, what about God the Omnipotent Abortionist who heedlessly flushes out billions of pregancies at precisely that stage of development in the monthly menstrual discharge every year, if not every month?  That would be why Jesus said, "Allow the little children, and don't forbid them to come to me; for the Kingdom of Heaven belongs to ones like these."  They are all in heaven; God takes them to be with him.   Besides, life belongs to God; God can take what is his.
Kcajymmij: One general question: If a newly fertilized egg or very early embryo was aborted, then what is it that you would mourn? Is it a mourning or sense of loss for what that fertilized egg or embryo was, or for what it could have become?  A person has been murdered, in every abortion.  The sense of loss or morning depends on how much we know the person, as you will know.
No, his and my bodies are very different - say I can keep my brain because he doesn't have one. If we are talking blastocyst and early embryos I could just kill a few undifferentiated cells (or perhaps at least donate some bone marrow) and we would call it even. We are very, very different things.   Then we could say those who are temporarily unconscious cannot keep theirs, because they do not have consciousness.   Depends what you want to count as an offspring, the cells are alive and can reproduce and grow independantly. But beside that, the point was that even if the embryo could not advance to full development you still class it as human.  No, it doesn't depend on that, the physical comparison fails, so it isn't applicable. Besides we know foetuses can become conscious and we know cancers will not.
I personally draw a large distinction between a fertilized egg and a late-term fetus. With the late-term fetus, there is someone there that we can feel sorry for if an abortion happens. There are the beginnings of the mind, emotions, thought, sense of pain, etc. These need not be conscious, just like we do not need to be conscious to still mentally exist, as in sleep or coma, but they have to at least exist. With a newly fertilized egg, there is no "someone" who we can mourn. The only thing that we can mourn is what that newly fertilized egg might have become.  I can understand if you cherish the newly fertilized egg for what it will become. However, you still haven't explained what it is that you cherish about the newly fertilized egg in what it is *at that moment*. If you say that the newly fertilized egg is a person even if it will never continue to develop and the only meaning you attach to the term "person" is 1) full set of human DNA and 2) not an integral part of another's metabolism, then, frankly, your definition of person is so empty that it is almost meaningless.   Perhaps you seriously think that there is a "someone" in that newly fertilized egg - more than just a cell but a cell with a mental existence. Is that your view?  A man in a temporary coma feels, no emotions, thought, sense of pain, so what is the difference?  Your justification for killing someone is, frankly, meaningless.
Sooo, spontaneous abortion at the convenience of God? Um, OK.  ??? Convenience of God? I don't understand.  But God does set a death time for each person. That could start a whole new thread, so if you want to pursue that, start a new one.  But, along with the belief that God performs the spontaneous abortions (Never mind any possible unknown problems inside) also requires that God also grants the life of each person, including your and mine. The possesions we have, the air we breath, the food we eat and the computers we type on. God does care for us, he's not a ruthless killer. You'd have to include these things to make your idea logical.
Well, if your God is impotent and doesn't cause everything to happen, I guess that works, Prototype.  emoticon_confused
I like your reasoning prototype.
Can you give me an example of a human being living off the body of another without consent? Why should a fetus have more rights than anyone else?  I'll send you a PM. You really shouldn't post on threads this old.
Maybe, :) but this one is so old... not many people will want to talk on it with other newer, more current threads.
Can you give me an example of a human being living off the body of another without consent? Why should a fetus have more rights than anyone else?  conjoined twins.
I am sure that the stronger twin can opt for removal.  not if the other will die....even so, that is wrong.  What if the conjoined twins have completely independently functioning organs?  There are widely varying sorts of conjoined twins. I was referring to where one was the dominant
It's done all the time,just medicine doing what nature should have.  No its not. Not in the US. There are some cases where you kill one to save the other (as in both will die).   Interesting stance though....I guess not everyone gets a choice in your book :) You select who does or does not have a choice! Well, since you feel you can restrict choice...I think it should be restricted even further to remove abortion as an opition.
Parasitic twins are removed all the time in utero in the us.  I am talking about walking around conjoined twins where one is the dominant....stop stalling  Umm actually they can,it called a parasitic twin.Parasitic twins are removed all the time and left to die. Why would you consider it wrong? Because you are killing a person.
Here is an article on parasitic twins.http://phreeque.tripod.com/parasitic_twins.html  So you consider removal of a parasitic twin wrong? Do you see the picture of the lady with the three legs,one of the legs is not hers if she had that leg removed would that be wrong?Would that be murder?  Why do you keep on talking about something I am not?   You can look up the types all day long here: http://www.conjoined-twins.i-p.com/  The point of the matter is, it is unethical to kill one conjoined twin to let the other be "free"...unless you support killing some people, which it seems you do.
Why is it okay with you to get rid of a parasidic twin and not a conjoined twin.How did you make that dermination? Who said I said that?
So which is it then? Is it morally permissible to remove a parasitic twin? If not why? If yes Why is that different from removing a conjoined twin?  I just want to know why you assume things I didn't say. Things like that make me not take you seriously.  As for your question, it would bepend on the situation I presume.
Okay both situations are done for convience.  That's nice... Are you going to expand on this?
Well since you are going to side step the question of the morality of removing a conjoined twin or parasidic twin for convience,I will just go with your original opinion It is hard to answer a scenario question with no scenario.  So you believe that removing a parasidic twin resulting in it's death is wrong because it's a person, Your sentence classified it as so. "Parasitic twins are removed all the time and left to die." Perhaps I misunderstood you but it seems as if you were referring to two people here.  An extra limb is not another person.
So you would agree that this parasidic head is not a person even though she laughs and smiles? http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/6998205/?GT1=6190  blinks and smiles according to the article. Hard to say though...I don't think they provided enough information. So I may agree it was a person and I may not. Can you provide more information on it?
So basically you are backing out of your original assertion that removing a conjoined twin or parasidic twin resulting in death is killing a person?  far from it. My original assertion was conjoined twins you might recall.  There are cases where you could have two conjoined twins that if you removed one then he/she would die. They might be fully functional outside of say a major artitary being shared (this is only a hypothetical) and otherwise be two unique people. However, in your world view, you would say that it is one person. I'd like to see you go up to the one that would die and say "hey! you aren't a person....time to die". Unlike you, I don't choose to not classify humans as better than another....we tried this before and it resulted in much blood. Perhaps if you thought of all humans as the same then we would actually achieve some measure of equality.
You either believe a twin is a different person or part of another person no matter what the situation.You might be able to answer the question if you knew what you based pershood on,BTW I was wondering what do you base personhood on?  Seeing as I am limited in time I will answer only the first part and the rest later. The first part is inaccurate because there are different kinds of twins. It doesn't have to be an abosolute as you claim it to be...even if we took your absolute standard you would have to say that conjoined twins are not a person in all situations...in fact, since you said "twins" even non-conjoined twins would be one person.
Scripture of course.
Obviously you believe that an embryo is a unique *person* a parasitic twin was at one time a seperate embryo that just merged with the other embryo. and one essentially dies, does it not?  [qoute] In the case of * Fetus in fetu* to seperate "unique individules* is involved.http://www.thefetus.net/page.php?id=287 So I have given you a specific situation.Now,is it morally wrong to remove a Fetus in Fetu even if it results in it's death and even if it is done for convience?[/QUOTE] I believe the fetus in fetu is dead or will result in the death of both of them. In other words you have to choose between saving one or saving none. I choose to save one. I don't know of any "fetus in fetu" case that resulted in a convenience removal.  So were they at some point two unique humans...yes. One doesn't develop and pretty much dies.
No a parasitic twin is very much living *biologically*and to remove it would result in it's death. As in the case of the girl born with her parasitic twins head emerging from hers.The other head (although head no seperate body) was very alive ,it even would laugh and smile. I told you with the "other head" there was not enough information to make a determination.    No this isn't the case the Fetus in Fetu is very much alive growing with it's twin and hardley ever causes any physical harm. So can you re-answer? From what I have read, it either is dead..dieing or will cause the death of the host. Out of the 90 reported cases this has been what happens.  In the impossible scenario that the child could remain alive with no harm done to the host (death) then it would not be ok to kill this human.
No thats not true.http://www.thefetus.net/page.php?id=290 And no the Fetus in Fetus is very much alive and growing with the host.  There was one case (out of the 90) where the baby was dead inside a boy.  The quote doesn't mention that it will become harmful to the host and deadly considering that they mention the twin continues to grow.  Another case had a women with the twin in her neck.  The recommended treatment for fetus in fetu is surgical removal, without which the "fetus" would continue to grow as long as its blood supply remained adequate. This growth could potentially compress adjacent structures http://www.jultrasoundmed.org/cgi/content/full/24/9/1313  Perhaps you could live without a liver.
A Fetus in Fetu IN MOST CASES in no more harmful that a cyst.  this is not backed up by any evidence...if true though...like I said...than it would be wrong to kill.
I gave you a link from a medical site,that stated it was harmless in most cases. Yet in every case it is removed to prevent further harm to the host...  Why? Are you a Hindu? No
I personally think that abortion is wrong.   I think that a fetus is still a baby. I do   think that abortion can be okay but only   if the mother's life is in danger, otherwise   they should live with it. They should have   stayed away from the causes of pregnancy.
Why? What has caused you to believe such things?  OMG SIMONE!! Can you believe a woman out there is against abortion? This is why the "walk a mile in my shoes" fallacy fails everytime emoticon_xgood
I think abortion horrible. its just like murder. if you didn't want a baby in the first place. why'd you have sex? why couldn't u have used a condom? birth control? you could always put the baby up for adoption adoption is a billion times better than killing an innocent soul that  hasen't even yet been born. You were a baby once. You're living a life you could have never had if your mom chose abortion. If you think your not 'responsible' enough.. what the :xcensored don't have sex at all? untill you ARE responsible. put yourself in that babies shoe that isn't even born,  Has not even been give a chance to breath,  Has not been give then chance to change the world,  Has Not been give then chance to be Loved.  Has Not been given a chance at all.
If you think that it's OK when the Mother's life is in danger. Why wouldn't it be OK when her life isn't in danger?  In a situation where you have to pick who dies there is no winner. You default to some standard which can be the highest chance of living (save the life you can). Lucky this rarely happens...if ever (normally both will die in this kind of scenario).
I guess I'm not going to get an answer from CountryGirl.  Maybe she doesn't know why she believes as she does.  She only posts like once every 3 months it seems...so it makes the conservation awkward.
 A woman owns her head, just as she owns the rest of her body.  If you accept women as legitimate self-owners and not a slave caste,  both the legality of abortion and the illegality of steamrolling their heads follows.  The *mind* (self-owned) holds beneficial possibilities :)   (that self-deceived atheists in the current culture-of-death don't realize).  Fortunately, we can choose to follow Jesus Christ, in His culture-of-*life... Abundant*   Rather than dying, how much do you want to Live :)   Annie
A woman owns her head, just as she owns the rest of her body. If you accept women as legitimate self-owners and not a slave caste, both the legality of abortion and the illegality of steamrolling their heads follows. But wouldn't the baby inside own their body as well?
Debateable, its a relatively undeveloped area of philosophy, personally I would tend to believe that it does not, it depends on a combination of what the quality of ownership is grounded upon and the degree of development in the fetus.   The top candidates for such a grounding in my view are volition (the ability to engage in purposive action) or propositional language (the ability to make claims, either in spoken form or in some kind of internal monologue) or something similar. Other more problematic criteria might be humanity or the possession of a soul.  However, since this area is so poorly understood and yet not crucial to the issue of abortion, I prefer to grant that the fetus does own itself for the purposes of debate. Whether the fetus owns itself or not, it certainly does not own a woman's womb, and self-ownership has relevance only to specific abortion practices, not abortion in general. If it is not understand I would think you would default at the unborn having ownership.   Nevertheless, it seems that "ownership" is very relevant here. If the fetus does own itself than you would have to say that the mother could not do something to directly harm the fetus but could only remove him/her from the womb. I obviously reject this standard though.
Roughly, yes. Not all harm is prohibited, but unecessary harm, going out of your way to ensure a fetus dies.  Then you just say the fetus is not a human and thus ok... Doesn't that seem like a rather "head stuck in sand" approach?    Perhaps, legally. Though the principle of "innocent until proven guilty" may be put to the test here, it is difficult to justify punishing someone on the principle that what they have done might be wrongful. Well, if someone told you to shoot a gun blind-folded and said you "might" kill someone...I would rather stay on the safe side...even if a "punishment" were to follow.
This is true, ethical considerations should stay the hand of doctors considering performing abortions of this nature, even if the haziness makes legal sanction problematic.  I should probably state that I still reject this logic :)
 For some reason, I'm not following the "logic" of all this. That's easy. Help yourself :) to a course in "Logic"   (My 16 yr. young daughter had loads of fun emoticon_idea , with public-schooled teachers, running emoticon_frazzled in circles). Finally, several admitted "Evidently, you're more than qualified to teach this class". Yup, this is the kid the docs wanted to abort.  Annie
I am against abortion in almost all cases. The only time an abortion should be legal is if the mother's life is in danger. If a woman is raped and gets pregnant, yes it is terrible that it happened, but have the baby. It may have happened for a reason. When you abort a baby, you don't know who you are killing. You could be killing a doctor, a police officer, a future soldier that would have fought for the freedom of the nation, even the next president. Life begins when the sperm meets the egg. It is murder.
It should be a woman's choice to whether she wants to keep a pregnancy. If she was enjoying sex too much and got pregnant, it is her body and should still be her choice.   Hey, I have a better idea. How about the choice be considered before sex? The choice to go through with a pregnancy should not exist after she has sex. That was her fault and she ought to live with it.  In response to the obvious topic that shall arise, accidents do happen; birth control methods have been known to fail, that is why they are never said to be 100% effective.   Precisely my earlier point.  I just read about an 11-year-old in Britain who got pregnant. She is choosing to keep the baby, but would you really want your 11-year-old having a child? Would the fact that she is barely out of grade school and can barely take care of herself be reason for her to get an abortion?   This is the article if you would like to read it: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/health/healthmain.html?in_article_id=385968&in_page_id=1774&in_a_source=&ct=5   The example you gave was a pretty bad one. I'd need a different scenario before answering a question like this.
We murder many people every day. Why should a fetus get a pass?  who do you murder??? I'll be sure to send the FBI right over.
Steeeeeve, did you vote for Bush?  Sorry, if you did, you're complicit in the murder of some 100,000 Iraqis, nearly 3,000 of our own people, who knows how many people in U.S. torture chambers, you've acted as an accomplice in the deaths of third world women who have died of the complications of pregnancy because Bush cut funding to programs that would have aided these women, I'm sure the list could go on and on.  How can you live with yourself, having so much blood on your hands?  Says the person that support abortion.... kind of ironic.  Nevertheless, murder is a unique definition and Bush doesn't qualify...sorry to disappoint. U.S. torture chambers? You mean prisons? Oh no!! We put prisoners in bad living conditions....since when have we NOT done this?   As for the funding cuts, Bush doesn't control the money flow...the congress does. While he may propose cuts, it seems you might want to fire your congressman for that one (assuming this really happened ...which i doubt it did knowing where you get your news from).
Bush cut funding through an executive order. And, by the way, Bush has now usurped the supposedly equal powers of the legislative branch and the judicial branch and declared himself Divine Monarch of the World.  No one claimed the powers to be equal...try reading the federalist papers...Judical is the weakest (but obviously not anymore). I'm still waiting for these "executive orders" that you claim.
The Federalist Papers advocate a divine monarchy?  No, but as my post said, they didn't have all the branches as equal. They had the judicial being the least powerful. Try reading my post next time...you might learn something.
I dont think abortion is ever right. Even if a pregnancy threatens your life, it would be better in my mind to die than to be a murderer.
I understand that we each have our own opinions and I doubt highly that either of us shall concede and agree with the others' point of view.   That may be true, but there are younger people on this board you may be able to debate with fruitfully. :-|   I apologize for entering into this debate knowing that I would not accept your opinion as my own.   What does that mean?   That is my mistake. While I fully understand the other side of this debate. I don't agree with it. To each their own.   Does that mean you don't think a woman should be responsible for her pregnancy when she made the decision to have sex?  I have seen some very extreme and unrelenting arguements in regards to arbortion, such as not getting an abortion when it threatens the life of the mother. I was using this somewhat extreme example to see if those who proposed no abortion in any situation would let if not agree to having this child get an abortion. Would you please explain how it is a "bad" example? I just want to understand your thinking.   You asked the question as if you would ask a parent. (More or less a mother from the impression I got.) The Mother in your article didn't seem to give two lumps of sugar for the welfare of her child. The girl smokes (and continues to smoke through her pregnancy) and drank alcohol. You would think this nice caring mother (whom you're asking the question of whether she should live with a pregnancy or not) would be able to notice and confront these problems earlier than this.  I don't think that Mom has shown any care or any concern for her own influence on her daughter's life. I don't think you should be asking her that sort of question.  I hope you can see what I mean now. If I took anything out of context, let me know.
I think that a woman and man should both be responsible for the pregnancy and should be aware of the possibility of pregnancy when they decided to have sex. However, I think that responsibility isn't only limited to having the child and caring for it. I consider birth control and abortion as forms of being responsible too. I'm not suggesting that a woman who chose to not use a form of birth control and got pregnant seek an abortion every time, but I consider it more responsible to get an abortion than have a child, feel obligated to raise it, and then have another undernurtured, unhappy, abused and neglected child in the world. In such an instance, I would find that abortion would be responsible; granted, it is not the most responsible but it is remedying the situation.   I do agree with you that couples should be responsible, not just the women. Just wanted to clarify that, every feminist in the world would jump on me if I didn't.:)   But whether you think abortion is a reponsibility or not, I can think of a remedy 10X better than killing and going through a dangerous medical procedure like abortion. Excluding eleven year olds, a pregnancy (No matter how much more dangerous other people try to make it look) is safer than an abortion. Afterwards, the couple doesn't have to do a thing for it. They can give the baby up for adoption and another couple could adopt it and love it and take care of it and raise to a valuable person of society, and many other people would profit from him/her. Does that sound better and perhaps even more responsible to you?  Ok, it is true that I phrased the question as though it were one's daughter but I don't think the fact that her mother wasn't that involved in her life changes the question. I was not asking anyone to be that mother. The question was based around the idea that anyone, with their own set of morals and beliefs and not the mother's would want condone their 11 year-old child having a baby. So let me phrase it in a different manner. Would you want that little girl to become a mother at the age and level of maturity that she is at now or would you permit an abortion?    Considering my own set of morals or beliefs, I would probably take better care of my child than to allow such a thing to happen, but in an extreme case where I couldn't do anything about it, I would do this.  I would comfort her because of her experience and then support her through the pregnancy with everything I had. She doesn't neccesarily need to take care of it considering adoption and such, and she will feel much better during those 9 months carrying the baby than she would killing it and suffering physical and emotional scars for life. It's a fact, those things occur after abortions, and that is what I would do. It sounds more loving than forcing her to kill the child she was supporting and introducing the option of killing to such a young girl who wouldn't even think of doing such a thing.
This is untrue and you have been told about this before. Please stop spreading untruths. You may think abortion is not OK, but the fact remains, it is a safe procedure, safer than spontaneous abortion and much safer than delivering to term.   I am not spreading untruths. The health dangers from a pregnancy are variant, and not life-lasting. Abortion effects are, and you can look into the lives of many women who are still hurting because of their decision. Both physically, and psychologically.  From an article written this year:  Type of pregnancy---------------Death rate  Pregnancy termination--------- 0.567 per 100,000 terminations Miscarriage----------------------1.19 per 100,000 miscarriages Live birth -----------------------7.06 per 100,000 live births Ectopic pregnancy ------------ 31.9 per 100,000 ectopic pregnancies   Estimates based on data from <57 million pregnancies in the US from 1991 to 1999.  Reference: Grimes, D. American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology 2006; 194:92.  I can send you a .pdf of this, if you like, to scrutinize the study.   Wait a second, they studied 57 MILLION pregnancies? I find that very hard to believe. And I didn't say many women died from abortions, I said the life-long psychological and physical effects occur from abortions. Big difference.  Though, I am a little curious about your info there. Why don't you send it? I would like to have the chance to scrutinize the material to see if it is accurate. Not that it says anything to refute what I said.
You seem to not understand these data. Although the outcomes are expressed as deaths (mortality), there is every reason to believe that illness of all kinds (morbidity) is similar.   Not in my world. Illness and death are not the same thing.  Clinical studies often use mortality as an endpoint or outcome because it is a dichotomous variable. You either die or you don't. Yes/no. One/zero. This makes the statistics much more powerful because you are comparing apples to apples. Morbidity has a spectrum of presentations, from mild to life threatening illness and it becomes difficult, if not impossible to cleanly compare 2 groups.   Doesn't matter. Death is not the same or even near to death. There is black and white, death and life. Both are opposites.  Some questions I have for you:  1. I don't understand what you mean by "The health dangers from a pregnancy are variant, and not life-lasting. Abortion effects are...". What precisely does that mean and where did you get that information?   From women who have gone through abortion and regret having it to this day. You should search for them and read them through.   2. Also you said, "and you can look into the lives of many women who are still hurting because of their decision. Both physically, and psychologically." Does this happen more or less than women with unwanted pregnancies who do not have abortions? That is a key piece of information.   The effects are variant and some are not as violent as others. People who didn't want to be pregnant who had abortions regret it now, I've come across those things as well. Though I doubt I could give you the statistics you asked for.  3. a. And is there a direct causative relationship between the abortion and the physical and emotional problems they have or are there other factors?   Well I'm certainly not saying that the only reasons women have physical and emotional problems are from the abortions they had. Yes there is, mostly right after the abortion, but a lot of it is related, and it can last for years.  b. For example, if I demonstrated 1000 women who had abortions and did perfectly wonderfully afterward, does that prove to you that abortion is associated with no co-morbidity?   I doubt you could ever do that anyway. And even if you did, I bet I coulds show you more than that who are still hurting.  4. Why would you doubt the number, 57 million pregancies, specifically?   Because of the sheer number! You would have to study more than 7 and a quarter million pregnancies every year! I doubt with all the pregnancies they had to go through that their information is totally accurate, though it didn't affect my point any more or less.  My guess is that an article published in 2006 is using data from '91 to '99 because it took years to compile.   I'll bet it did. How long after those 8 years did they suddenly decide to study them and compile them into one article in 2006?  Do you have any idea what is takes to get a study of that magnitude funded, performed and published. The researchers are under extreme scrutiny from beginning to end. You cannot get something published in a prestigious journal like AJOG without a grueling review process.   I don't know about AJOG. But If I did all the work you say they did, I would publish it as a book, not inside a journal.  I will send you the article per IM. As it is a recent article, it is not available on PubMed. I have a license through my library to access a full text version, but not for wide distribution. You don't look at an article "to scrutinize the material to see if it is accurate." You look to see if the methodology is sound.   There would have to be some awfull sound methodology to do what it says it did. But I will look at it, you may be right and the material may be correct. Mostly my debate with this article is whether or not it affects women, not that it kills them.
I do admit that I was not very smart and did not read very well into your article. Though I still wish I knew what the mortality bit meant.   No, you should provide evidence of that, if you want to make the claim and as I asked you to.   http://www.priestsforlife.org/postabortion/postabortiontestimonywomen.htm  http://www.afterabortion.org/maintest.html  http://abort73.com/HTML/I-G-2-testimony.html  http://www.pregnantpause.org/safe/finmort.htm  I doubt you could as well because they don't exist. You have to compare the outcomes of each group, those with and without abortions if you want to make any meaningful statement. xxx do you mean by variant, I ask you again?   Excuse me, thelmoose, but I do not tolerate swearing in any form. Don't do that again, or I will cease to debate with you further.  Look at that last link and let me know if it doesn't answer your request for statistics.  Says who? Again, where is the evidence? Association does not mean causation and you must compare them to women who did not have bad outcomes.   It is already definite that abortion causes many of these things, and even pro-choicers, though they claim most women suffer no damage after abortions, debate on whether psychological harm is the product of abortion. Considering the fact that it does in many cases, I think I have more evidence for my arguement.  I can't say for sure that it happens to everybody who had an abortion.  You can't say for sure that it doesn't.  Fact, women do frequently suffer these effects after abortion. Who do you think is more right and why?  Don't be naive, there are millions of women who have abortions and suffer no ill effects.   You may be right. But let me ask you: How many millions more do suffer?   Reputable scientists publish in journals, because they are peer reviewed. Any schlock can write a book. You clearly have no idea what you are talking about.   That is true, and I accept the criticism.  It is also equally clear you prefer to believe what confirms your previous notions of what you want to believe. I believe I have wasted my time here.   Until you answer how you think of the links I gave you, I'm stuck with the same notion.
I give up. You've locked yourself away in some sort of haven of disclosure from the realities of what abortion does to so many women. Years later even, if you read many of the testimonies. I am never coming to this topic again.
Some people say that they believe that having a child is too expensive, or that they just don't want the child. This is not a sufficient argument. If you don't want to have the child, protect yourself, or practice abstinance. If a married couple doesn't want a child, surgeries can take place to remove the possibility. If you are willing to have a surgery to avoid having a child, have the surgery before you become pregnant, not after. Why must you wait until after you become pregnant? One person can have multiple abortions, but it only takes one operation to remove the possibility of becoming pregnant. When a woman first becomes pregnant, she has a living organism inside of her. It was her fault that it came into existence, but she should not be able to kill it just because she doesn't want to suffer the consequences of her own actions. Under certain cercumstances, such as rape, or possible injury to the woman, I believe that they should be allowed to have an abortion. I do not believe it is right, but the life of the woman is more important than the unborn and the woman should not have to suffer from rape more than she has to. Under the condition of rape, I believe that, though it would still be murder, the woman is not responsible for the creation of the living being, and should not have to suffer for it.
Soooo, um, pregnancies are solely a factor of a woman's behavior, eh?  No males involved? Of course it's solely a product of women's behavior simone. It's the women that has to make the phone call to the stork. The stork doesn't answer calls from men.
No child should be used as a punitive measure against a woman for her sexuality. You claim to care for babies with a statement like this? Yes jitobear, pro-lifers value babies only in the sense that they punish evil women for their promiscous ways! You have 'em pegged!     I don't believe this is what she meant, and I hate it when people characterize those who are pro-life like this.
I don't believe this of all pro-lifers. What did she mean by "she should not be able to kill it just because she doesn't want to suffer the consequences of her own actions" then? Especially imbedded in a post that does not call for men to be accountable at all? If she does not mean to sound punitive against women, she should choose her words more carefully. I am not going to tip toe about here just because she may have meant something other than what she said. Fair enough. And you are right, she should choose her words more carefully, especially since I don't believe that is what she meant to say, but she'll have to resond to that.
i never said it was SOLELY her responisbility. I merely said that if she wasn't raped, she is responsible. But I knew that someone would think I meant that men aren't responsible for it.
I never even mentioned money. If the woman was not able to pay for the pregnancy or the child, she should have been more careful. She should have protected herself or just not have had sex.
I never said that I believed babies were a punishment. Do you not agree that if a woman doesnt want a baby, it is a negative consequence for her to suffer?
I did mean to say what I said, and it makes perfect sense to me. The fact that I think that a baby is a negative consequence for a woman who doesnt want it doesnt mean taht i believe that babies are only good as punishment. I simply think that a woman who concieved a baby should not kill it. If she didn't want a baby, she should have protected herself against the possibility. A baby would not be necessarily the bad consequence of her having sex, but the negative consequence of the combined facts that she had unprotected sex and took no birth control or any other measures to keep from becoming pregnant.
So, though I did mean to say what I said, it was taken the wrong way. I apologize for being unclear.
And, I do not hesitate to add, a baby-hater as well.  What a life to wish on a baby! To be born to a woman who doesn't want the baby and views the baby as a punishment!  What a helllish life! To wish that on a poor, innocent little baby!  In the interest of the baby's welfare, the most hellish thing that can happen to it is death. If you are interested in the welfare of the baby, then let me tell you this. Pregnancy can be viewed as a punishement, but the woman doesn't have to keep it. A baby can be given up for adoption and the chances are that it will have just as much a chance at a good life as any other. I think giving it the chance it deserves is only human since we can't play God and decide that its future is too dark to live through.   Nobody can know for sure if the baby will have a hellish life. Killing is the worst thing that can happen and it's not justifiable by assuming bad things will happen to it. Death is pretty bad itself, and worse than potential problems that nobody can know about.
 If a married couple doesn't want a child, surgeries can take place to remove the possibility.   Really. 'surgeons' shouldn't go starving less, or should they.  Like *what* was God thinking :) when he created man & woman as well as He did?  Some people say that they believe that having a child is too expensive,   True, it will *cost* you, and in more ways... than only financial.  or that they just don't want the child. This is not a sufficient argument. If you don't want to have the child, protect yourself, or *practice abstinance*.   You mean "No! sex" :), 'til you want *response-ably* :) to nurture :) a baby. What novel ideas!  If you are willing to have a surgery to avoid having a child, have the surgery before you become pregnant, not after. Why must you wait until after you become pregnant? One person can have multiple abortions, but it only takes one operation to remove the possibility of becoming pregnant. When a woman first becomes pregnant, she has a living organism inside of her. It was her fault that it came into existence, but she should not be able to kill it just because she doesn't want to suffer the consequences of her own actions.   Careful in asserting this - as many attack the idea of *Self-responsibility*.   Under certain cercumstances, such as rape, or possible injury to the woman, I believe that they should be allowed to have an abortion.   the Innocent-unborn, should be made to suffer for the Sins-of-men... by being carelessly-slaughtered. right?  I do not believe it is right, but the life of the woman is more important than the unborn,   So you're saying that God is a "respector"?-of-persons - iow, the mom's "more"-important to *God*? than the unborn.   Under the condition of rape, I believe that, though it would still be murder...  Yes.   Ever heard of *adoption* :)   Annie
I habe absolutely NO patience for those who would impose the nine month rape. To hell I would ever pay in time, money, or lifestyle changes to support the baby of a rapist in my womb. I exist here and my body is not up for grabs. Thems the breaks no matter what laws are in place. And you say juleacatz is the one who views pregnancy as a punishment for women.
Julie - your posts indicate that you feel pregnancy is just punishment for women. .   i have already stated that this is not my view. you mistook the words i used. I simply believe that if a woman doesnt want a baby, she considers it a begative consequence. she doesnt want to suffere this "negative consequence" so she wants to have an abortion, but she should just face this "consequence". I don't believe that that is the purpose of a baby. You just didnt understand me.
And, I do not hesitate to add, a baby-hater as well.  What a life to wish on a baby! To be born to a woman who doesn't want the baby and views the baby as a punishment!  What a helllish life! To wish that on a poor, innocent little baby!   In order for this statement to be true, the option of adoption would have to be an impossibiblity. Don't think I am a "baby-hater. I'm not. Yall are just assuming that i meant something that i never said.
 ;) Julie - however clearly feels that it is acceptable to use a pregnancy and parenting in a punitive matter against women she feels are irresponsible.   GOODNESS!!! WHY WONT YOU PEOPLE LISTEN TO ME??? I stated earlier than you commented that I dont believe that! Gosh, yall are the most ignorant bunch Ive ever argued with. At least the other groups will read the whole dang thing through!!! How many times must I say that you read it wrong before you will believe that i dont consider babies a punishment. I hope to have kids of my own some day. If i was poor, pregnant, living on the streets, and offered a free abortion... I would say NO!!! quicker than I would agree to a job offer!!! Don't you EVER tell ME that I think babies are punishment!!!
 I didn't. I am saying that you would use pregnancy punitively against women who would rather not be pregnant.   Again: I do NOT wish to use it as a punishment. I only stated that she should face the consequences rather than have an abortion. This is not because she needs to be punished. It is simply because she should accept that she made a mistake and should not be allowed to kill an unborn child just because she wasn't responsible enough to protect herself against teh possibility. How many times do I have to correcxt myself before you understand that? If this is confusing you... I will reluctantly reword my statement for the hundredth time.
Apparent preaching or in some cases out right insults will not attract anyone .   Does that include the earlier posts calling me a baby-hater. I didnt appreciate that.
 just stating they are wrong without looking to see what sort of things people are dicussing is just going to generate hostility and an unwillingness to debate.   Excuse me! I was prefectly willing to debate until everyone started accusing me of the same thing using my words against me and using the less obvious meaning. When people started the false accusations, that's when I finally decided that this "debate" is really more of a battle where everyone gangs up on the new kid who, though mostly LIBERAL, holds a conservative view on this particular issue.
And pregnancy and the pain of giving birth are just a little ol' hohum walk in the park, a picnic, just the teeniest inconvenience, and all women are healthy as horses throughout pregnancy and never experience morning sickness, preeclampsia, toxemia, ectopic pregnancy, gestational diabetes, iron-deficiency anemia, and many others.  My goodness, these things don't really exist and pregnancy is just totally blissful and causes not one iota of discomfort.  And, giving birth? Tah! Tah! A barrel of laughs, joy, happiness, whoopee!   Again you are making it seem like I said something that I never said. I didn't say that pregnancy and child birth arent hard. I was just clarifying for everyone that I don't considewr them to be punishment. One might view them that way, but I sure don't. I know that pregnancy isnt easy. I NEVER said that it was. NExt time, read the words, and dont assume that I think one thing when I say another.
Thanks so much for clarifying! Taht is EXACTLY what I meant. Without you, everyone here would never had understood me. I thought my words were pretty clear, but I dont' know anymore.    I must add, however, that I disagree with juleacatz views that such a responsibility (carrying a pregnancy to term) has to be carried since, prior to the fetus gaining a mental existence, there is nobody to whom one owe's that responsibility.  I disagree(obviously). Studies have proved that a new organism is created at teh moment of conception, not when the brain is formed. Even though the child may not know or understand it, an abortion would be murder. The child is teh responsibility of the people who created it. It did nothing wrong. An abortion is punishment for a child who did nothing wrong, but was unlucky enough to have been concieved, by accident, only to die before it was developed enough to know it.
 Not all unwanted pregnancies are due to unprotected sex or irresponsibility, contraception can fail.   Sure, no doubt. But, there are ways to be ABSOLUTELY 100% sure that you don't get pregnant. The obvious way is not to have sex, but I know you won't settle for abstinance as an answer. That's way too religious for this site I suppose. Obviously I cannot propose that no one have sex unless they want children. If someone doesn't want to ever have children and is willing to undergo an operation (abortion) to remove the possibility, why can they not simply have a different operation before practicing casual sex? This is true within marriage as well.
The complete opposite is actually true, when a new organism is created is something very vague - identical twins are clearly two different organisms but don't start a seperate existance until some time quite clearly after conception and similar things can be induced in lower animals if you really wanted to.   Well, if you want to get all literal, think about this: The cells involved in conception are not dead cells. Removing even them from the human body is killing something. Sure, removing blood, which happens all the time, is killing something too, but blood cells don't have the potential to become a human being with rights equal to the rest of the population. Killing an unborn child is the equivalent of removing their rights before they are able to obtain them. Keeping anyone from their natural rights should not be right. It is unconstitutional, as well as immoral.
Another Opinion and I have debated this "human vs. person" concept a lot (and might I add very respectably...thanks man!)  Another Opinion's view was, in short, that the fetus becomes a person when the part of the brain dealing with actual thoughts (cortex) has started development.   My view was what I call the "no view" view. I don't determine what a person is because I have, and no one has, any authority to do so. I therefore must protect every human.   This is obviously a brief overview of our debates though.  There really is no question that the 3 day old embryo is a human being though. It is more of "is it worth preserving".
Another Opinion and I have debated this "human vs. person" concept a lot (and might I add very respectably...thanks man!)  Another Opinion's view was, in short, that the fetus becomes a person when the part of the brain dealing with actual thoughts (cortex) has started development.   My view was what I call the "no view" view. I don't determine what a person is because I have, and no one has, any authority to do so. I therefore must protect every human.   This is obviously a brief overview of our debates though.  There really is no question that the 3 day old embryo is a human being though. It is more of "is it worth preserving".  You know when human life starts, I know when human life starts, people in the fertility business knows when life starts, people who clone other animals know when life starts, but pro-choicer even know when life starts but must play this game of charades because murder is illegal and if pro-choicers ever admit to life beginning at conception, legally then abortion will have to cease because murder is illegal.  In these modern times, I do say the darkest of ages were in the clinton years, when "they" came up with partial birth abortion. Don't let the word partial confuse the public, the baby is born and at the last minute a syringe is shoved in the baby's head to collapse it. That is murder no matter how you look at it, how can any pro-choicer say it isn't. They know it is, but never can admit it, or risk losing abortion's legal status. For me, it's painful to see how far, our sick minds can go, but thanks Clinton, I've just about seen it all. This is a civilized world??????? Americans are barbarians because of partial birth abortion, which is birth abortions, there is no disputing that.
 And pregnancy and the pain of giving birth are just a little ol' hohum walk in the park, a picnic, just the teeniest inconvenience, and  all women are healthy as horses throughout pregnancy and never experience morning sickness, preeclampsia, toxemia, ectopic pregnancy, gestational diabetes, iron-deficiency anemia, and many others.  That those dis-eases exist, are not the doing of GOD. Quit blaming GOD!, for people's "own choices".  My goodness, these things don't really exist and pregnancy is just totally blissful and causes not one iota of discomfort.  There's nothing "goodness" about such discomforts, and ills. And  once again: "Quit blaming GOD!, for people's "own choices".  I have you know, there are loads of women (myself included) whose real Dis-comforts were: medical-indoctrinations over "Risk-factors, and Watch-out for..., and you MUST come to a hospital for an Epidural, or a C-section, or worse - if you ever hope to escape Excruciatingly HARD LABOR PAINS" - What in H*** kind of medicine is that! - it stinks/reeks,  to  high Heaven.  With GOD observing rightly: "Foolishly, they are sad"  And, giving birth? Tah! Tah! A barrel of laughs, joy, happiness, whoopee!  Finally! - I was wondering when you'd actually get around to making *Good :) sense*  As a matter of fact, your stated manner of *Being emoticon_love .. Practicing emoticon_love... Birthing synergy... Living :) ... is exactly what women (choosing to avail themselves once again, of how GOD intended life being lived) are RE-learning in our School. Yes, whoopee!!! ~ Annie  and yes, I am by far not the only mother who singing *joyfully* danced her daughter into waiting Loving arms... not only that, but after a 3-hour nap, I was ready to get on with the day... and many women are RE-discovering just how simply easy this process can be... Try it, you'll like it! :)
Well, if you want to get all literal, think about this: The cells involved in conception are not dead cells. Removing even them from the human body is killing something. Sure, removing blood, which happens all the time, is killing something too, but blood cells don't have the potential to become a human being with rights equal to the rest of the population.  Killing an unborn child is the equivalent of removing their rights before they are able to obtain them.  Keeping anyone from their natural rights should not be right. It is unconstitutional, as well as immoral.  Well said!  Annie
Even if human life = human person  its trickier than that, nature seems to take a perverse pleasure in finding any exception to any rule or definition we might want to come up with.  "nature"? - or *Choice*, provided that person's is granted.  Annie
You know when human life starts,  I know when human life starts,  people in the fertility business knows when life starts,  people who clone other animals know when life starts,   pro-choicer even know when life starts but must play this game of charades because murder is illegal and if pro-choicers ever admit to life beginning at conception, legally then abortion will have to cease because murder is illegal.  Yes, and they will call these fallacies "Logical reasoning".  The darkest of ages were in the clinton years, when "they" came up with partial birth abortion.  Don't let the word partial confuse the public,  the baby is born and at the last minute a syringe is shoved in the baby's head to collapse it. That is murder no matter how you look at it, how can any pro-choicer say it isn't. They know it is, but never can admit it, or risk losing abortion's legal status.   For me, it's painful to see how far, our sick minds can go, but thanks Clinton, I've just about seen it all. This is a civilized world??????? Americans are barbarians because of partial birth abortion, which is birth abortions, there is no disputing that.  Yes, sadly more truths you speak. Tho actually, they don't use only a needle. Those Death-doctors use long needle-forceps prying open the skulls, and vacuuming-out each baby's brain. Before dumping it, as "garbage".  And yet, the darkest hours are yet to come, tragically. Abortionists, atheists, those types of people will make it Far worse. And the very LIFE they are so good at Denying, they will pay an excruciating :xbanghead price for. Course, they don't think about that - not now anyway.   Some have already met a few of each *soul/mind* they ended, selfishly, egotistically, arrogantly. And consequences? Reap while sowing...  Some "eternal torment", and some *eternal Joyfulness*:   Choose you this day whom ye shall serve, and choose Well. Our household trusts/serves GOD :)   Annie
OK, now I understand.  Women must be punished for having sex. Pregnancy is a punishment. Sex is sin but it is a sin for women only. Any time a woman has sex she should get pregnant so she can be punished for having sex. Especially if she enjoys the sexual act! Who knows about your earliest childhood (re "punishment" you still use, including against yourself) , or how you were imprinted since then, with "should, must.. only".  Your current wording reveals some limiting-beliefs - it would stand you in good stead to change. Aside  living as a Christian, you may well find yourself *enjoying* life, more!   oh, and btw: Feel free in thanking God :) for designing/creating women sexually so exquisite, that we can *enjoy* hour+long orgasms! - especially if you know how to train your husband, in sharing emoticon_smile such intimacy with you, daily :)   What understanding (additionally to my post on *Birthing*) this will give you!  Annie
OK, now I understand.  Women must be punished for having sex. Pregnancy is a punishment. Sex is sin but it is a sin for women only.  Any time a woman has sex she should get pregnant so she can be punished for having sex. Especially if she enjoys the sexual act! You just don't get it do you? I definitely don't believe that women are the only ones commiting a sin. I dont believe that pregnancy is a punishment. I sim[ly believe that a woman who doesn't make sure she doesnt get pregnant doesnt have the right to kill anyone because she wasnt careful.   What you are showing me by constantly changing the words i have cleared so many times, is that you have no other defence except to make my words seem unreasonable by changing the statement so that it means something completely different.
I have also enjoyed being able to debate this subject with you. Though we disagree, at least it gives us the opportunity to understand the other's point of view.  It is such a pity that there is so much animosity between the two camps. It is so very easy to get emotional about this topic that many people get emotionally invested in their opinion, become closed-minded, and refuse to acknowledge any reasonableness in the opposing camp.   Ultimately, I doubt that the two camps will find a compromise that will satisfy everyone. There are differences that are most likely simply un-reconcileable (such as core assumptions being based on religion vs. science, or the degree in which one values the potential of an early fetus or embryo). I have no doubt that we will all continue to argue and vote our conscience, but I believe that a lot could be accomplished if we genuinely try to understand the other's point of view. Oh yeah! Well I think you are stupid :p Kidding of course.  Well said :)
I do not believe it is right, but the life of the woman is more important than the unborn and the woman should not have to suffer from rape more than she has to. Under the condition of rape, I believe that, though it would still be murder, the woman is not responsible for the creation of the living being, and should not have to suffer for it.   Well I look at it this way. When a baby is conceived, from that very moment that it is conceived, it is ALIVE, and it is a human that suffers when women get an abortion. So women who purposely have sex and get pregnant only have themselves to blame and for those that are raped, giving up a child for adoption is far better than killing it. And yes, women are killing a living baby when they get an abortion. Yes, they make mistakes, and sometimes they realize it and have to live with the guilt for the rest of their lives. It sounds like this world has lost it's respect and is feeding on selfishness because all anyone cares about anymore is theirself and how their lives are so awful now because of the one mistake they decided to make theirselves.
I do not believe it is right, but the life of the woman is more important than the unborn and the woman should not have to suffer from rape more than she has to. Under the condition of rape, I believe that, though it would still be murder, the woman is not responsible for the creation of the living being, and should not have to suffer for it.   Well I look at it this way. When a baby is conceived, from that very moment that it is conceived, it is ALIVE, and it is a human that suffers when women get an abortion. So women who purposely have sex and get pregnant only have themselves to blame and for those that are raped, giving up a child for adoption is far better than killing it. And yes, women are killing a living baby when they get an abortion. Yes, they make mistakes, and sometimes they realize it and have to live with the guilt for the rest of their lives. It sounds like this world has lost it's respect and is feeding on selfishness because all anyone cares about anymore is theirself and how their lives are so awful now because of the one mistake they decided to make theirselves.  I may get shot by Simone when I say what I'm going to say.  Thank you, goaskalice. Everything you said is so true and correct. So many people make this claim that an abortion will cure a rape psychology problem when in reality, they have no idea what they're talking about. Thanks a whole lot, I agree with you completely on everything you've said.
Then go away. If you have no interest, then why on earth are you even here to debate?  Besides this, you're trying to put killing human beings on the same platform as animals or organic plant life. I'd seriously suggest you reconsider your views on what exactly is more important. You cannot put those things together, they mix about as well as oil and water.  If the court or parental unit is not allowed to interfere with abortion plans, does the mother have the right to kill the child? Who is she to interfere with her child's life if her own parents can't make her live with a baby she can just give up for adoption?  By the way, only 1% of abortions are made because of rape. If it were my decision, I would outlaw abortion altogether for the other 99% who have abortions irresponsibly and save over a million lives. Don't get me wrong, I do feel for victims of such crimes, but a few thousand hardly outweighs over a million. And they don't even have to die! They just have to live with a baby for a few months, and they can get on with their lives! It's more of a chance than the baby will get otherwise.
[QUOTE=angryattheworld] "Angry?? (at the world)" - have you had any Counseling for this condition?... - just for starters.   And for the record, if my parents had chosen to abort me I don't think I would've minded much. I am not horribly impressed with this world. Just a personal statement there. People with your "world-Impression", beg the offer of this Forum *Where Your Ideas can change Minds*. -   Exactly what kind of *noble? ideas*, worthy? of changing one's mind for, are you suggesting...    Lots of people want to try and make the unborn into something it is not- a human BEING, with connections to others, with interests, a history, memories, a life. But it has none of these things.  It is merely a parasite in the truest sense of the word, feeding off the mother.  With all due respect, that uneducated opinion is as far off, as the last person's who said that.  And it begs this question: "How is said mother *positively Mindfully? Imprinting* each human developing/growing inside her". That's the real question.  Annie
So, in your scenario, Prototype, are you anti-choice folk going to force us who believe in choice, who believe that a woman owns her very own body, are you going to place us in re-education jails so that we, too, believe that a fertilized egg is a human being?  The shrill squak of total assumptions out of pure spite... again.emoticon_xdonno Go find something better to do with your time, Simone. I'm not going to waste anymore time on you in the future after this post.  If you read my other posts, you would know that I believed scientifically that a fertilized egg is not a baby.  Second, I believe just as much as you do that a woman owns her own body. But excluding the cases of rape, the woman still has the control of her body and being the case; should abstain from sex if she doesn't want a pregnancy. She has sex, she lives with the pregnancy. (I'll bet you're going to squeal about the men next.)
um... this was said" And they don't even have to die! They just have to live with a baby for a few months, and they can get on with their lives! It's more of a chance than the baby will get otherwise."   They just have to live with a baby (unborn fetus) for a few months? 9 is not a few. Pregnancy changes the person's metabolism, can induce diabetes in those that are susceptible, and if the woman was a victim of rape (many don't admit it was rape and thus aren't included in the stats) I don't think they'd like all the prodding with their genitalia. Also, there is the little thing of one's body stretching horribly out of shape, of the whole alien-parasite sensation of being invaded, not to mention the horrible pain on delivery and, if "natural" delivery can not be performed, there is the deep scarring of a C-section.  For the record I am a female so I know what I am talking about and just how drastically even one pregnancy can scar someone. I'd rather kill myself than let something use me like that for 9 months. YUCK!   For the record, my Mom has given birth to 11 children. They were ALL C-Sections and she's lived through it until the last one took place... when she was 40 years old. She doesn't regret them one bit; nor does she regret all the health changes or health defects that were caused from the pregnancies. Those scars you talk about hasn't emotionally or physically destroyed my Mother to the point that she wants to kill herself. She is still very active and works with the family book business (which includes a whole slough of going to dozens of booksales to compete and search through thousands to find the best ones.) I don't think you have much to complain about.  If you view unborn children as parasites, then I'm very glad I was not your child. And plus, you're nothing more than a mature version of that 'parasite' in your body and don't deserve anymore consideration than the other baby. I'm really sorry you feel this way.  And I forget.... you're Americans. So I am trying to be gentle.... but, um, comparing humans to OTHER animals and plants is not off topic or irrelevent. It is only when people hold themselves above nature that they start getting into the God myth and sense of superiority.   In short. Humans are animals. We are mammals. We are primates. We have opposable thumbs, which have allowed us to adapt a little better than most primates. Like other primates, we kill en masse, engage in incest, rape, viciously cruel physical abuse and cannibalism, among other acts.  We are not special as a species, nor unique. Or only true not worthy point is that we are an incredibly egotistical species that, for the most part, likes to take credit for the inventions of a SELECT few of the homo sapiens spectrum (those that argue- but man has invented this and that... most people are profoundly dense and that is why there are "HOT COFFEE- CAREFUL NOT TO SPILL" labels on <cDonald's cups).  Humans ARE animals.   You don't consider yourself anymore advanced than animals? Not seperated specially in anyway? If humans are nothing but animals, than you have to question your own views and morals. For if we are just animals, than we have no cause or goals. You may as well kill yourself right now.   Please re-think this idea you have. I understand from your posts that you have a hard emotional problem, and I would urge you to please try and answer yourself those questions. You're views on this issue are built on hate, and annoyance. What morals do you have to support these views other than - You don't like it. -?
With all due respect, that uneducated opinion is as far off, as the last person's who said that.  Thanks Sk8joyful, or whatever your name is.  I am not uneducated. I was reading before 2 and skipped biology about 3 or 4 times and finished 5 years of high school in less than one. I take college classes for fun in the summer rather than watching the tele.  Is that so.... then maybe we should use your educated mind to see what a "human being" is, since you seem to think an unborn is not one.    As for my assertion that a fetus is a parasite.... are you aware of the definition of parasite? Obviously not, otherwise you would have no grounds to call my usage of the word "uneducated". You might think such wording is callous or cold; that's another matter. But calling the unborn a parasite is quite appropriate.  I will list a few dictionary definitions for you, since you seem to be having trouble figuring out the meaning of "parasite".  5 entries found for parasite. par&#183;a&#183;site ( P ) Pronunciation Key (pr-st) n.  Biology. An organism that grows, feeds, and is sheltered on or in a different organism while contributing nothing to the survival of its host.   One who habitually takes advantage of the generosity of others without making any useful return.  One who lives off and flatters the rich; a sycophant.  A professional dinner guest, especially in ancient Greece.    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [Latin parastus, a person who lives by amusing the rich, from Greek parastos, person who eats at someone else's table, parasite : para-, beside; see para-1 + stos, grain, food.]   [Download Now or Buy the Book]  Source: The American Heritage&#174; Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition Copyright &#169; 2000 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.    par&#183;a&#183;site (pr-st) n.   An organism that grows, feeds, and is sheltered on or in a different organism while contributing nothing to the survival of its host.  In conjoined twins, the usually incomplete twin that derives its support from the more nearly normal fetus.   Source: The American Heritage&#174; Stedman's Medical Dictionary Copyright &#169; 2002, 2001, 1995 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company.    Main Entry: par&#183;a&#183;site Pronunciation: 'par-&-"sIt Function: noun : an organism living in, with, or on another organism in parasitism    Source: Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary, &#169; 2002 Merriam-Webster, Inc.    parasite  n 1: an animal or plant that lives in or on a host (another animal or plant); the parasite obtains nourishment from the host without benefiting or killing the host [ant: host] 2: a follower who hangs around a host (without benefit to the host) in hope of gain or advantage [syn: leech, sponge, sponger]    You gave us this long defintion of parasite and I thank you....since you think the dictionary is the authority lets look at the definition of human being.  human being n.  A human.   human being  n : any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae The second one includes the unborn but the first one makes us dig a little further....  human: A member of the genus Homo and especially of the species H. sapiens. Well, the unborn qualifies for this...so we can conclude, using YOUR logic, that the unborn...from conception on....is, in fact, a human being.  You can remove the foot from your mouth now.
A woman who has sex MUST BE PUNISHED!!!!  Especially if she enjoyed the sexual act.  sorry you feel this way. I just think she should deal with consequences of her actions just like the rest of us.
You get pregnant as a consequence of having sex?  It would appear some do.
What if we are just animals? Is it because you're thinking that we are "superior" to animals in that there is an "after" for us-some kind of heaven or whatever you believe is after this- than why can't animals have that as well? Perhaps all forms of life have an "after"-why are humans superior in this?   If we are just animals, why is is that we have no cause or goals? Would the feelings you have now be less validated? Would you just want to get it all over with quick, or would you rather feel the joys and love in life?   Bell, are you really trying to make it sound like there's no difference between us? Why should we refer to animals as animals if we ourselves are not seperate? Our incredbile intelligence is what seperates us from animals. Excluding the people who need mental help who act like nothing better than animals, we are seperate, our intelligence and minds shows it. If we were just animals, than I would have no cause whatever to deal with my life or future. The word animal itself would not exist. There would be no strict right or wrong in existance and I could do whatever I wanted. Believe me, if you think about it, these things would not exist if we are in the same group as animals.    A side note; if our post-death lives are without an animal presence, I don't want to be there.   Oh I don't doubt that there will be animals in heaven. (if I understand your statement correctly) So you'll be happy, I'm sure. :-)  What are your views based on?   How I determine right and wrong. It's better than viewing babies as sick little parasites that feed off the mother.  ]
Just because we're smarter than the other animals(assuming we are) doesn't mean we're not animals. Let's play:  Are humans animal, mineral or vegetable?  true, we are animals but it doesn't mean we have to follow the example of other animals...we are different in some respect.
I think that thelmoose, another opinion, and sinjin have covered it, except for the idea that if you were "just" an animal then you would have no cause nor goals.   Would the fact that you feel love, ambition, joy, hate, etc. be any less important to you than if you were "just" an animal? What would change if you embraced the idea that you are an animal?  You are a biological unit who's body functions similarily to my dogs. Your higher intellect means that you can come up with ideas like you're different than an animal, but that's about it. In my humble opinion, of course.  Way off subject, sorry.   How about this idea.  We don't think of a frog being a possible mammal simply because SOME of the things in its bodies resembles that of a mammal's. It is an amphibian, everyone knows that, and a bear is a mammal, and everyone knows that. A human is a human, but you're trying to classify us with animals.  Wheee! I get to say this stuff yet again (I just can't help myself):  Just because the circumstances of a woman who was raped, and became pregnant, are so statistically low does not mean that you should deny her decisions about her life.   In this country, this law is going to affect all women, whether they're rape or non-rape pregnancies. In the idea of saving more life, (By the way, rape victims don't even have to die) forbidding it for the other 99% of women (couples for Simone) who have nobody to blame but themselves for their pregnancy, the logical choice is obviously clear.   I'm sorry you have not lessened your opinion on what it means to "live with a baby for a few months" nor have you addressed what you're going to do to care for these women and children. I get the distinct impression that you want the kids in the womb for nine months, and then after that it's not your problem. Feel free to show me wrong.   I think I can show you I'm wrong with my idea of what to do with these children. By the way, if women want rights to have an abortion because getting pregnant is not their problem or responsibility, I would be considered no less guiltless than they. They seem to think they don't have to, so if I did in this case, logically, I shouldn't be shot either. But I do, so it's different.  I think I've said this about a bizillion times before, a baby can go to an orphange where it can get adopted. NOTHING is stopping those women from giving their baby up for adoption. There are tons of couples who want babies out there to take care of them. It's not like doing that is throwing them into a recycling bin and hope for the best. It is giving them a better chance than their own Mother's give them.  That covered, I've still been looking into after abortion accounts and how many people (including rape victims) would never have an abortion afterwards again. They talk about the psychological and physical scars it left on their bodies and their memories. Something like abortion should not offered as a solution for the reason that they automatically think something like this might heal them. It never does, and months afterwards it can still hurt.  I'm afraid I'm still stuck with the belief that abortion hurts more than it heals. You'll have to do something to try and make me think differently if you want to debate about rape victims.  I'm also sorry that you feel 99% of women have abortions irresponsibly. I would think that after your extended conversations here with me and others that while you might disagree with many reasons why women have abortions, at the same time you'd be a little more open-minded as to why they do.   I've not seen any reason to change my mind yet.  The actions required to gain a pregnancy are still there. A woman has to voluntarily allow a man access to her body in order for something like this to happen. She does, the baby is conceived, they have to take care of it. For all those people saying a woman wants rights on her body should stop and think first about what she should do to protect it. Like, abstaining from sex. I heard a governor (can't remember the state) made such an information imperative to teaching when to avoid pregnancies.  Those other 99% have nobody to blame but themselves. They didn't think or rights for their body, didn't think of the consequences, so they should keep it. It is their fault, and the baby should not have to die for that.
From an evolutionary stand-point, all creatures are related. I don't hold that to be true, scientifically, I don't see how this is possible. Just because we are a living thing just like a bear or a bird does not mean we are just living creatures with no seperation from eachother. There are lines drawn between us, and my line is between us and animals. Scientifically as well as religiously, Man is not like animals.  But I do know that some animals hold intelligence. I know that, and I've been rather impressed at the information these dedicated scientists have uncovered. But humans could not have originated from animals with such a low intelligence level, even monkeys don't come close. An intelligent human being could not arise from them.
Our intricate level of communication and our grasp of abstract concepts are inherent aspects of humanity that are unparallelled in the animal kingdom. These aspects seem to be much less developed in animals and, in us, have made a world of difference in how far we have been able to advance. The development of agriculture, animal husbandry, and writing have further made a vast difference in our levels of civilization and knowledge. In the modern age, with all these human advances, it can indeed be difficult to compare us. However, fifty thousand years ago, before agriculture, animal husbandry or writing, our lives were very much different and infinitely less impressive than our current human achievements. The comparison with animals might have been easier to make at that time, even though we were just as human as we are today.   You're statement would be true IF evolution were true. But I believe the world is only about 10,000 years old at the most. Back then, even when Man first started, they had brains and were very intelligent and acheived many great things. I've not seen one single living organism that is even close to us in such intelligence. I am not ashamed of animals and their lack of intelligence, I'm ashamed that some people think we arose from them. We couldn't have.  Just like only a human can be born of another human, only intelligence breeds intelligence. I can't see that with monkeys or any other animal that looks remotely like us.  We are very used to separating ourselves from the animal world, partly for religious reasons and partly since we do see a vast difference in our relative achievements.   Before the rest of this post, A lot of people already think we're seperate from animals already without any religious influence. Just wanted to point that out. Any normal person would look at a bear and a monkey and know the obvious difference. And he'd certainly not think we evolved from it.   However, there is such a vast amount of evidence about evolution that it is simply wishful thinking to think that we also did not evolve as evolution outlined. Our animal origins are nothing to be ashamed of. Just because we evolved from animals does not mean that we are not special and unique. Our combination of mental evolution and cultural evolution has obviously led to magnificent achievements unimaginable in the animal world.   Well, at least we share common ground on the reality that we are special and unique. But the unimaginable acheivements we can accomplish that are unheard of in the animal world is just the thing that I'm talking about. Animals are about as intelligent as they were from their birth, but we humans can develop these things better as we grow and mature.   We can literally control the elements, and work with them right down to pieces of atoms; things so small you can't even see them. There is no living being on this earth that could do anything like that or understand it. Our intelligent minds seperate us from animals in the idea that they are not intelligent, and we are SUPER intelligent. We could not possibly have evolved from animals with such lower levels. That logic pretty much settles the deal from an evolutionary idea.
Homo sapiens is an animal. A mammal, a vertebrate. Man is very much like animals in numerous ways.   It is more practical to say that many other living beings have the same kind of operating systems in their bodies that work the same way ours does. But that doesn't relate us.  You say "scientifically, I don't see how this is possible". What scientific idea exactly supports this statement?   The fact that it can't happen. There are so many animals and so many different kinds that they couldn't have come from the same type of organism evolution believes they evolved from. There are just too many unique variations.  Apes, actually, are our closest relatives. But again, on what do you base these "could not" statements?   We are already debating on whether apes are related or not, so that statement doesn't hold any ground till we settle the evolution probability first.  I base these on the most logical thinking I can come up with from studying this theory. I've looked into this and logically, I've concluded that it can not have happened.
Aren't humans mammals as well?   We probably run in many similar ways as mammals, but we are still seperate. I personally think that putting humans in the mammals section of the animal kingdom is an idea born from evolution, so no. Humans aren't mammals.   I think you might enjoy spending some time at your local zoo and just observing the great apes. Then sit and observe the humans. You will find some interesting coincidences.   I've seen monkeys, apes, mandrills and I think lemurs. They are very intelligent, but I myself can find a lot of similarites between us and other animals besides monkeys. I would hardly conclude that monkeys were our ancestors.  There is another point of view on this, which I kind of forgot about until now. We could be aliens. Now, don't laugh, you feel that we are far removed from the animal kingdom, you think the earth is only 10,000 years old, and you believe in an omnipotent creator of some variety. I don't think it's too off base to think that we might be descendants of some alien culture.   It is a new idea, but IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiiiiiiiiiiiiii.......... don't think so.  EDITED TO ADD: I think this idea is the Direct Panspermia theory. You should probably look into it, you might see some of the flaws in there.  I know this is way off the topic, but ever since you made that comment, Protoype, about women who have abortions should "just live with it" and they deserve no feelings of empathy or whatnot from you (from the thread "Would you have an abortion) I am not interested in having any kind of discussion about this very emotional, personal subject with you. No feelings of illwill towards you at all, I just feel that you've shut out something that's very important to this debate. :)   No, no no. Women have have pregnancies who try to get abortions for ridiculous reasons don't deserve empathy from me. I do feel for those women who have had abortions before. I've read their accounts on the real psychological and physical damage it did to their lives, and believe me, I feel sympathetic towards them. It's the other people I don't feel for.
Humans are mammals. That is a fact. They teach this in the real schools.  Whether or not they teach it in schools, I doubt you use that kind of thinking to decide what is factual or not. Evolution is taught in real schools, but I don't automatically consider it a fact since the people working inside teach it.  I've seen real Scientists saying that evolution is a flawed theory. They've teached this in real schools before too. It has to be deeper than that, right?
I think the real purpose of this topic is getting out of hand. I don't want to say anything about the evolution theory other than I don't believe it could happen. If you really wish to know why I don't believe this. I get most of my views on this topic from the teachings of Dr. Kent Hovind. He has a site, you should check it out.  To thelmoose, I don't think classifying humans among animals is anything but an idea born from evolution. A human is clearly not an animal, even though we share some similarities with any number of others. I don't think it is right to try and classify a human with animals for the simple fact that it confuses people like you into thinking we are. I could link biological similarites between amphibians and birds but that wouldn't mean they are related.
Why not? Is is any less believable than current religious dogma? You don't really know our origins, no one does. You may have faith in one idea or another, but you don't really know. I will look into it, and probably see question marks for further study where you see "flaws".   That's the kind of thinking that will tear down any firm belief. Since I believe it, I not only know, but I've come across books that have physically and historically confirmed my belief. It's not reliant on blind-faith, I do have a viable knowledge of what I believe.  The Direct-Panspermia theory suggest that an advanced alien race seeded the human race. I can think of a few flaws right here.  They were an advanced alien species that were somehow adaptable to our planet, randomly dropped a few of their own off to fight for survival and advancement.   FLAWS: It would take incredible intelligence to create a ship that would travel farther than the outreaches of our own solar system to come here. Even us, as supposedly advanced as we are from our original seeds, don't hold the knowledge to come even halfway across our solar system.  You also have to answer the question of: Why would they want to leave their planet, come here, drop off a few brave men and evolve? The others back at their own homeworld would still be suck back there, how would it benefit them? Or the men on earth?  They would have to be so far in advancement that we would have to be dozens of times more intelligent now if we indeed had evolved.  I could go into more, but I don't have the time right now. Maybe later.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------     I guess I just don't understand what you mean.   I'm not sure what it is you don't understand. Could you clarfiy?
Did I get it right? If not a correction would probably be all you need.  No, you didn't get it right. That, or you did and I missed it.
I don't understand this. Correct me if I am wrong. Are you saying that critical thinking or skepticism will tear down a belief? (If so, that's not much of a belief.)   No, it's the idea that anything we believe in cannot be truly known. That itself is untrue, as there are things we can know without ink and paper evidence.  It sounds like you have the belief first and consider books or other resources out there that confirm you beliefs. What do you do with information that conflicts with your beliefs?   I did have the belief first, but I have searched for what people have said considering its validity.   When someone presents me with information that they saw conflicts with my beliefs, I look at it carefully and study it to see if what they claim is true. I actually look for Bible Contradictions on the net as a once-in-a-while hobby for fun because I can usually expel them.  Lastly, what does "viable knowledge" mean?   It means knowing beyond the idea of "just knowing something" and having hard proof. I am currently reading a book on the skeptics view of the Bible and the Christian's response to it. Don't worry, I don't use blind faith in my beliefs. I do research them.
It seems, from the web site that Simone quoted, that Dr. Kent Hovind is one of a number of pseudo-scientists that have come out in recent decades to try to adopt the appearance of scientific respectability to an otherwise religious agenda. His limited knowledge of the scientific aspects which he is trying to discuss makes him make a large number of logical errors which make his arguements completely fail by scientific standards. Unfortunately for our society at large, the people who he is trying to convince (including you) are not sufficiently knowledgable in those scientific areas to be able to catch him at all of his numerous mistakes. I cannot blame you for being convinced by him. After all, I can imagine that, given your religious beliefs, you WANT to believe what he is saying and you do not have the scientific background to realize how wrong he is in most of his "scientific" arguements.   It would seem the same to the 400+ other sites that say such things. I've still not seen anything to discredit him, though I can't defend him on quite a few things he says as I don't- as you say, retain sufficient knowledge in many scientific areas pertaining to this theory.  But remember this, that other scientists and teachers and professors (Don't ask me how many, I don't know) have been convinced by him and his different debates in colleges. People who have sufficient knowledge of these things agree with him. I'd hardly think that the words from some obviously closed-minded biased site is enough to discredit such a man.  I respect your opinion to hold views based on your religious beliefs. However, the thing that is frustrating to me and to many of the other posters is that you are trying to tell us that we are wrong in our views of evolution and man as animal based purely on your opinion and on the views of a popular amateur pseudo-scientist. All in all, your view that man is separate from animals (i.e. not evolved from them) still comes down to it simply being your religious belief - not a scientific one or one based on any credible evidence.   Not if you study the posts more closely. People asked me about why I didn't believe in evolution, and I stated my reasons and views. I can't remember telling anyone personally they were wrong, I just said that I didn't.  I think there are scientists out there that would agree with me that man is definitely seperate from animals. I could probably Google it and find a few links.  Yes, this topic is straying off the main subject of abortion but it did start off as a valid point brought up by angryattheworld. Namely, if it is senscience that matters in the question of rights of the fetus, then why is the senscience of animals not considered important? Namely, we are being inconsistent in our respect for senscience.  I am against animal cruelty myself. (But not to the extreme that we don't kill animals for meat of course. I don't think I could live without it.:) )  Even if we are animals (I'm not saying this out of doubt of my own belief) we retain the knowledge to take care of our own species in a moral way, a concept of which I doubt any animals retain the knowledge. That is trying to put the killing of an animal on the same scale as killing a human being. Either Angryattheworld loathes babies because of a bad pregnancy experience or she is really desperate to lower the standards of killing humans. I really do pity her, she has a very dark view on humanity.  My own answer is that I also respect the senscience of animals - enough to advocate against animal cruelty. However, I do have a prejudice for our own species - we are all part of the same "family".   True. Humans do have the capacity- and automatically the responsibility, to take care of our own.  That family bit actually makes a lot of sense for the Christian view, by the way.:) Just thought I'd point that out.  It may not be a satisfactory answer for some, but almost all people would agree that animals should not have the same rights as people. Among other reasons, they are not capable of having the same responsibilities where rights and responsibilities go somewhat hand in hand.   That makes total sense. You are absolutely correct. If animals had the same rights as people, we'd never be able to move anywhere.emoticon_wow We'd have to tear down every factory and industrialized area to keep from intruding on their own respective environmental rights.  We are seperate, and we do rule the animals. And that's another reason I believe we are seperate. We literally rule every animal on this planet, and I don't think just another animal could do that. Something seperate and superior would have to be in that spot. Just a thought I came up with just now, you can debate that if you want.
It really depends what you mean by rule really, in most cases an animal won't do what its told unless its been trained and that isn't possible in most cases. If we're looking purely at the 'we could kill them if we wanted' sort of power/rulership then individually we don't count and its only relatively recently that we have the technology to really assert that power as a group. On top of that there are a lot of animals we simply couldn't live without (vast numbers of things if we take just 'organisms' into account) or would be unable to eradicate.  A lot of animals force us to adapt our behaviour and design around them, we arn't completely at liberty to live the way we want without taking them into account, so in what way do we actually 'rule' animals?  In the sense that we can capture just about any of them. We can herd, train for our own uses such as pulling heavy loads and (in some countries) grinding wheat and so on. We can raise them and develop them and even study them and heal them. Plus, we also take care of thousands of different kinds in reserves and zoos.   I don't know of any living creature that does that with us. I think it's pretty clear that man has the power over the animals.
Yes, objective thinking will cause you to revisit what you thought to be true.  It's always good to re-examine your beliefs-you'll either be more committed to them or find out that they weren't correct in the first place, and then you're a better person for it. There's no shame in it; you, nor I, really know anything about, say, the origins of wo/man. I don't discount religious theories, I don't discount 'alien' theories, I don't discount evolution. I believe what I've experienced, and everything else is up for grabs.   Well, there are other ways to learn things other than experience. I can know certain religions are false without performing their ceremonies or watching the result of living their way.  By the way, even if you don't discount alien theories, I would still suggest dismissing the Direct Panspermia theory. Just to make a point on the last alien discussion there.   Let me tell you the two lessons I've learned from what I've tangibly experienced, and thus is what I base some of my beliefs on (if you bear with me here): 1. You(I, anyone) do not really know people. You might think you have a grasp on what someone will do, or what someone thinks, or how they feel, but get into certain situations with them and they will surprise you. Most of the time, people are very 'programmed' in nature; they will act similarily across the board. But once in a while, you'll find something that totally surprises you. So in summary of this, people might say they believe one thing, or they might even write a book about it, claiming this or that, but perhaps that's not their reality at all for whatever reason. So question everything.   But I disagree here. There are people you can truly know, and I live in a house with 11 of them. I know they way they act, the way they behave and how they think whenever I talk to them. Whether or not I can penetrate their brain waves (Like Star Wars or something) I can still know them. There are those you can, and besides that, I also use a thing called Faith in our fellow men. You can stick to your style of what you believe, but considering people, I think I live much more securely than you do. We can still make judgements on people based on what we know.  Osama Bin Laden "I love Americans and I now recognize their true and just decisions!"  Me "Really? I'm sorry, but I know you better than that."  2. There are such things as "ghosts" or the "supernatural" or whatever you want to call it. I've experienced physical impossiblities, and I've just barely managed to keep my bladder in check. I used to utterly discount this, and other bizarre concepts-like, oh, tarot or the power or crystals or whatever other crazy New Age thing you can think of- but now, I don't discount anything. I don't really believe it unless I experience it, but I don't have a closed mind to such things.   There is supernatural things out there. True. There are some things I've experienced with God that I could not have done on my own without him.  Considering the Tarot deck or crystals, I'm pretty sure those are based on just blind superstition. Superstitious people will swallow any kind of thing like that. I don't need to experience the dime-a-dozen things out there to know they aren't true.  Superstitious people (including those who believe in Palm Reading) will even be cautious of the Bible. Not because of what it says, but because it has something to do with supernaturalism. A man stuck a sign outside a palm reader's house saying "GOD SAYS TO READ PSALMS, NOT PALMS." and nobody ever went there again. I doubt you'll need to experience their wares to know they're screwy.  Thanks for bearing with me on that long winded diatribe; I just wanted to tell you what I have concretely learned from experiences and what I base some of my life decisions on. Maybe you could pick up something from that.   Perhaps I could. I have had wild experiences before, maybe what you say is true. I already live pretty cautiously, so I do know what you're saying.  You know, maybe you are right. Maybe we aren't animals. Because if we were, perhaps we'd have more respect for the other animals of the earth and we would see how their lives are more important than our insatiable hunger for money, for industry, for material pleasures.   somebody agrees with me on this?!?  emoticon_xhoho YIPEE! Finally!!!emoticon_xhoho   Ahem... anyway, thanks a lot. I'm glad you see it that way. :) emoticon_xangel emoticon_love emoticon_zzzz emoticon_xgood :)
I discount nothing, my friend. Things that make no logical sense to me are highly doubted- such as cults -and religious dogma that only hurts-but spiritual things are up for grabs.   Grabs or not, magical cards and crystal balls blow in and out of society like a fallen leaf. Here one minute and away the next if nobody stops to pick it up and admire it. I wouldn't count on those things, especially as I've already seen their flaws and the dangers behind their own beliefs. I not only highly doubt these things, I've already dismissed them safely. Surely there are some things you know for sure are untrue or incorrect.  Alien theories are hardly spiritual.  I lived with 2 people for 18 years. Stable, albeit a tiny bit on the odd side. Then, they went certifiably wacko without provocation and some extremely crazy events took place.  I assume before that 18 year mark where the craziness began, you probably thought you knew them. And I've no doubt you did, before whatever incident cause them to lose it.  I think it is foolish to put your faith in fellow wo/man. I think it is also foolish to assume you live more "securely" than myself. I am secure in that I can count on myself. Can you?   I can count on those I know. I can also feel secure in that I can count on myself. But what if yourself is not enough? Won't certain circumstances arise where you may need help besides your own self?  Do you count on the people driving down the highway to always do the right thing and not hit you? Do you count on that stranger you don't know to not harm you?   I don't.   I don't either, and perhaps I should be more specific. When I say "Fellow Men" (Or wo/man, whatever.) I mean those I know. Not just random highway men and strangers.  This is one of the reasons bad things happen to people. They think, "that could never happen to me"-and most often, it's because they have the parallel belief that other people are not capable of such things. So I walk around, assuming that one day, knowing that one day, I could be raped, or beat, or assaulted. Therefore, I walk around with these thoughts in mind, and my doubt in the stability and intelligence of people keeps me secure.   Give me some credit here. I'm not just blowing this out my arse.   Please don't misunderstand me, I'm not trying to say we should be careless and airy-headed as you say. Stupid people think those things, and they must be locked in some sort of fantasy world. But in your world, from the impressions you've given me, don't trust a soul. I don't know how you can live that way.   Hold the phone, don't jump the gun, wait, wait wait. First of all, I said "maybe". :) Secondly, I have always seen it "your way". I see it every way.   ..........how is that... possible? Does every way look alike to you?  However, I really doubt that you are right, but if you were, that would explain why we humans are so selfish and terrible to the ecology on this planet, and have complete and utter disrespect for other creatures to the point of their extermination. Is that something you really want to agree with?   Nooo... it would explain why some humans are selfish and terrible to ecology. The fact that man does retain the power and control over animal and other organic life is what has driven some to complete disregard for it. I'm afraid that though it is an ugly reality, it is truth.
These esoteric things have been around for a long time. And I don't put alot of stock in them, either, but the point is- and I didn't mean to make it regarding tarot or crystals but rather the origins of wo/mankind- that you cannot be arrogant in knowledge nor omnipotent about these things, as you don't know these things for fact.   Different brands of them have been around for a long time, that's a fact. But there have been much more steady spiritual things that hold a lot more water than they do.  I guess I'm losing here, but I guess I'm not willing to let go on trying to convince you that some things are incorrect and untrue. Having a religion like the Aztecs did when they violently sacrificed their own people (and those of the people they ruled) was obviously wrong. And they fell because of it. Religions like hate have torn their own disciples apart. Religions of alternate realities has turned normal people into strange worshippers of the earth, and the belief that stars and cards and animals and trees hold the prophecies of the future. Those things have been expelled again and again, how can you think that you won't know if these things are true or not without experiencing them? Haven't you seen the proof of their falacies? Stars for instance?  I would love to see factual information about the origins of our kind, factual information about how humans aren't animals, factual info about the origins of religions. Until then, I do not discount anything.   Well, until you've made up your mind of where we certainly aren't, I can tell you for a fact that we didn't arise from the loins of the spirits of cards.emoticon_wow   To you, of course. :)   That's true. :)     I don't think we're quite on the same page, and that's my fault. In physical situations, yes, I may need the physical help of someone. But in spiritual situations, I do not have faith in others. They may hurt me, and I have to count on that.   Spiritual things involving hate will hurt you, that is true. I would count on the same thing if a buddist (is that how you spell it?) was talking to me. But once you have chosen what you know is right and true (if you ever do at all, you still have to deduce what is obviously and inobviously wrong and conclude that whatever is left must be the truth.) then you can count on others in spiritual matters. I do now, and nothing out of the ordinary has happened yet to change that.  By the way, out of the blue occurences that change someone's character does not prove you don't (or didn't) know them. I'm pretty sure you did before your 2 friends went wild. These odd things happen, but that doesn't mean you don't know them. They were probably still just the same person five minutes before the incident. They couldn't have helped that.  I trust myself. I live very easily with that. I live very securely in my knowledge that to completely trust people to always do what is good for me, or even good for themselves, is foolish. Ah, perhaps I'm cynical, and that's it. But I've been shown countless times and learned hard lessons about other people.   So have I, even in the short time I've lived. But I'm still getting the idea that despite your caution, it goes down to the point where you don't trust anybody. Okay, I know you can't trust a person to ALWAYS do what is good for you, but that's the way people are. It's the way you are as well, and- though you can't trust them that way, you can still know them to the point where you can most of the time.   No, I meant that I try to see everything from all sides. Devil's advocate kind of thing.   Considering religions, you won't be able to advocate for all the sides. You can skepticize and debate about all these things, but you will have to make a decision, Bell, and you'd better not sit where you are and let your not knowing if black is white skepticism keep you trapped from knowing what it will have to be.
Bell, you cannot advocate for every religion. There are so many religions that conflict with each other. It's time to stop being ignorant and becoming informed. You will most likely get caught in a position where your advocating will make you look very stupid. I would study a religion or spiritual area long before I advocated for it. I mean come on, how can you advocate for a thing of which you have no knowledge?  If you already claim to not know of these things, I don't think you should even debate it. You're trying to talk of possibilities of such realities without even knowing about what they are.  Do not, I repeat: do not think of yourself as an advocate for all religions. You may as well try and say "Trees can speak if you tap into their sap lines" even though you haven't tried it yourself. You have a better mind to detect black and white Bell, put it to work.
I won't comment any further than Bell did about your tone, but I am curious what "You have a better mind to detect black and white Bell, put it to work" means. Will you explain that, please?  The way Bell has spoken in her posts has given me the impression that she knows little of different religious matters and would advocate (she used the word several times) for all of them because she has no knowledge of whether one is right or not. Judging from earlier debates, I think she can know of these things if she studies them more closely.  Either Bell has given me as many wrong impressions she possibly could have in her posts, or I am terribly wrong. I hope more for her sake I am wrong. From where she is, it may be a long time yet before she finally makes a decision.
Another opinion said:  "I assume that this view of the world as being 10,000 years old is based on your religioius beliefs. The only other choices are 1) that they are a random guess not based on any religious beliefs or 2) this view is based on some evidence. If you have evidence for this view, please present it. Either way, you are faced with the daunting task of having to give good explanations for the vast amounts of evidence which points to the world being far older - old enough to account for the wide range of animals that have evolved. Unless, of course, you do not think it possible for such changes in animal's capabilities to have occcurred even given millions / billions of years. If you do not believe that the traits of animals can change or improve from generation to generation, I would be curious about your reasoning."  Where then is your evidence for the idea of the Earth being around for millions/billions of years. There is none for either side so we should get off of the topic about the creation of the world and get back to abortion.
Another Opinion said "I wonder if you have the courage to answer the following question directly: Do you believe a newly fertilized egg has a mental existence?"  No it doesn't have a mental existence. That still doesn't negate the fact that it has an existance. It is illegal to kill person who is braindead, so what's the difference.
The parasite arugement is kind of contradictory to some other arguements. A parasite is a living creature feeding off of another living creature. As soon as you say the baby is a parasite you are saying it is indeed alive. That in itself negates the arguements about how the baby isn't a living creature until the first trimester. Additionally the definition of life in every other area of science is something that has brainwaves and/or a heartbeat. People are simply trying to change the definition of the word to win the arguement.
Another opinion said. "There is quite a lot of evidence for the earth being billions of years old. Simply doing a quick Google search produced the following good web sites:" and then he listeed some sites.  I did a quick google search and found the following sites with other "evidence" so to speak.  www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/faq/young.asp  http://www.pathlights.com/ce_encyclopedia/05agee3.htm  http://www.christiananswers.net/q-aig/aig-c012.html  There is no reason to believe that these sites or those other sites are correct. This evidence is not actual fact in anyway. I'm not say the Earth couldn't have been billions of years old. I'm saying there isn't actual undeniable proof either way. You see, there is a lot of evidence in other theories also. Neither one can be assumed as correct as of right now. There is no reason that either theory is more credable then the other except in peoples' own opinions.
sinjin said:  "Firstly, it isn't illegal to kill a person who's braindead. The next of kin can decide to unplug which may lead to death.  Secondly, the braindead person has rights acquired at birth that are not forfeited because of their condition."  You got me there. If I had taken the time to think about the laws I'd have remembered you can kill braindead people legally. However...  another opinion said:  "Considering that the person who is braindead is already dead, how could you kill him (i.e. How can you kill someone who is already dead)? As for legality, we are debating the morality of abortion in this forum. Legality is simply a political construct determined by a majority opinion (sometimes simple majority, sometimes 2/3rds, etc). Something that is legal is not automatically moral and vice versa.   My own view of the morality of abortion is that I approach it in the same manner as I try to approach all aspects of morality. Namely, I try to treat others as I would have myself be treated. Since, in my view, "I" did not start to exist until my mind started to exist, it would not have made much of a difference if I had been aborted one week earlier or if I had never been conceived. Either way, "I" would not have been hurt except that I would never have come into existence. I approach others (i.e. first and second term fetuses) in the same way."  A braindead person can't be considered actually dead. There have been cases where braindead people have regained the ability to think. Though they are rare occurences, they still happen. And when it comes to morality, I don't see how unplugging a braindead person can be considered moral anyway. They are still living and so have that slight possibility of healing.
You're twising the arguments into something different here, no one claims it isn't a living organism in the first trimester and also claims its a parasite. Most people who would say something like that would be claiming its not an aware person in the first trimester, and is acting like a parasite. It can't suffer yet inflincts suffering on someone who can.  I wasn't trying to twist the arguements, I was pointing out how they contradict. We should argue about one at a time. When one issue has been solved then we should go on to the next one.
Thank you, Prototype, with all sincerity- regarding your positive opinions of my mental capabilities. :)   Hey, you're the one typing out the words in your post. You gave the impressions, I acted upon them.  I do hope that you keep that in mind as you reread my last post; I thought I clarified myself better (especially of my use of the word "advocate" which origins are French-by the way-directly translate into "lawyer") (as well as the fact that you have no current knowledge of my spiritual beliefs whatsoever) and thus was hoping for a better response and understanding from you than what I see that you have written here.   Oh I think have an understanding on your spiritual "status". You've told me that you don't know if other religions are true and can't know unless you've tried them and experienced them. That seems like pretty slippery grounds to stand on, and plus, if you do indeed have "spiritual" beliefs, then how can they hold strength if you already doubt if it isn't the only belief out there that's true?  And, more interestingly, do you...know which religions are "right or not"?   I believe mine to be the one true thing there and I've not had anybody prove to me that my religion is incorrect. I've looked into other religions and have seen their falacies (not all, mind you, I'd have to talk to every cult in the worldemoticon_wow ) and have denounced them to be untrue. If you want to discuss how and why, you could start a new topic in another forum.
another opnion said:  "The bottom line is that "life" is not the only issue to consider. Other important issues are 1) What is it exactly that is alive, and 2) Is the quality of life so horrid that it is better to put the person out of their mysery (best determed ahead of time by the person, or by loved ones - taking into account the chance for recovery)."  Well # 1 is part of what is beint argued about. As far as # 2 goes I think that if the person had already decided ahead of time that they wanted to die if they ever went braindead then they should be unplugged, otherwise keep them alive.  And as far as finding links goes, I can't. It is like me quoting something I read  many years ago and then being told to find it. First I'd have to find the book, then where it is at. When I look for links online all I can seem to find is the Schiavo case. If you discredit me because I can't find links then "oh well" is all I can say.
Tastyfish said; 'But no one is arguing that its not alive, its just making arguments up in order to highlight an apparent contradiction."  If you are admitting that the fetus is alive then wouldn't it obviously be murder to kill it? All murder is is taking life away. From what I've read everybody was argueing when the baby is actually alive. Over and over again I'd heard arguements of whether or not life begins at conception. The arguement seems to have changed to whether or not it is alright to kill something that cannot think yet. Another thing about the whole "potential life" thing is that a sperm or egg by itself isn't a potential life in the same sense. Neither of them are in the process of growing. A fertilized egg is.
Well another opinion, you say the young earth theory has been proven away, and I say I think it has been proven more than the old earth theory. I have read evidence on both sides and I'm not just discrediting it because it doesn't coincide with my point of view. I'm also not saying it can't have happened. I'm just saying it doesn't seem as likely to me. You haven't shown me any proof that the young earth theory has been proven wrong, you have just stated that it has. If we both look up evidence and debate this it might take a while and it will probably come to a stalemate because neither side has been proven as fact, it has only been proven as probable. I'd rather argue about abortion though.
Good grief! Go back and study basic biology. A fetus is alive. A sperm is alive. An unfertiized ova is alive.  The critical factor is legal personhood which is largely dependent upon whether or not a fetus is viable outside the womb.  So it seems the arguement isn't about whether it is a living creature, but rather "is it a living creature that counts?" Saying a baby in the womb isn't a person even though it is living just because it can't survive outside the womb sounds kind of dumb to me. And do you really have to be so arrogant? Everytime you post you come out sounding like a coneited know-it-all.
No, no, what I'm saying about #2 is that if they had already said ahead of time that they wanted to be unplugged then we should unplug them. But if they hadn't said anything one way or the other then we whould keep them alive. As far as the young earth vs old earth arguement goes, because it is off topic I would rather move it elsewhere. I probably wouldn't argue for the young earth side right now though. There is no reason the old earth theory can't coincide with the Bible or my beliefs. I wasn't trying to prove the old earth theory wrong. I was just trying to say that it isn't a sure fact. It has a lot of evidence supporting it and it might very well be the most probable theory out there right now. But just because something is most probable doesn't mean it is definately true, just most likely.
Most, if not all, of the so-called evidence presented in the sites you mentioned has already been refuted by scientists, who point out either obvious or not-obvious flaws in the reasoning. Science is not a democracy. One does not show equal respect to all views. Those views that carry the preponderance of evidence are the ones that gain respect. How else are we to gain knowledge about our world other than to follow the evidence? If a simplistic interpretation based on limited knowledge of the evidence and of flawed reasoning should have equal say to a thorough and in-depth analysis of vast quantities of evidence, then our search for truth would have stalled ages ago (as it indeed had stalled during the middle ages when the search for knowledge about our world was constricted by religious dogma). To do science, one must look objectively at evidence, not conveniently ignore evidence that does not coincide with ones point of view. Scientists have looked at the evidence that young earth creationists have presented and easily explained it away.  Okay. I have not been here for most of these posts so I apologize for coming in late. Now back to this topic. I have not even visited the sites that your are debunking because I dont need to. Ah were to start? I believe abortion was the main topic... But first I must say some other things. so before we start Abortion is wrong and I will get to that in a bit.   Next I read some arguments on the earths age? Through science we determine the age of the earth through sediment fossil dating correct? Well there are innumerable ways for me to go with this.  According to the evolutionary theory, life first appeared on this planet in the form of a microscopic, single-celled organism. Hundreds of articles and books have been published containing speculations about how this event may have occured, and crituques of these notions by creation scientists are available. Eventually it is beleived by evolutionists, this first form of life not only diverged into the many single-celled organisms that now exist-bacteria, algae, fungi, amoeba-but that the Metazoa evolved from one or more of these single-celled organisms. Just how that occured and what intermediates were involved is viewed as one of the great, as yet insolved mysteries of evolution. Metazoans, that is, highly complex multi-cellular creatures with specialized organs, abruptly appear fully-formed in the fossil recor that link single-celled organisms to the complex invertebrates that supposedly arose from them. The first abundant fossil record of complex invertebrates appears in rocks of the so-called Cambrian Period. it is assumed by evolutionists that the sediments which formed the rocks of the Cambrian began to be deposited about 530 million years ago and that the time involved in their deposition stretched over about five to ten million years. In Cambrian rocks are found fossils of clams, snails, trilobites, sponges, branchiopods, worms, jellyfish, sea urchins, sea cucumbers, swimming crustaceans, sea lilies, and other complex invertebrates. The appearance of this great variety of complex creatures is so startlingly sudden that it is commonly referred to as the "Cambrian Explosion" in geological literature.  Sedimentary rocks that are beleived to have formed prior to the Cambrian Period are assigned to a rather nebulous period called the Precambrian. Rocks of the Precambrian generally underlie (although not always) Cambrian rocks and are beleivedto have been laid down during several hundreds of millions of years preceding the Cambrian. There are now many reports in the scientific literature of the discovery in Precambrian rocks of fossils of microscopic, single-celled, soft-bodied creatures, such as bacteria and algae. On the basis of these claims, evolutionists are asserting that life arose on earth more than three billion years ago, perhaps as much as 3.5 billion years ago. it would be well to insert a cautionary note at this point concerning the nature of these reports. Certainly many are questionable and open to dispute. Some papers have suggested uncertainties of such identifications. For example, although they accepted the probability that certain alleged microfossils of Precambrian age were of biological origin, Engel et al. cautioned that.  Establishing that the presence of biological activity during the very early Precambrian clearly poses difficult problems... skepticism about this sort of evidence of clearly Precambrian life is appropriate.  In any case, if single-celled creatures gave rise to the vast array of complex invertebrates which abruptly burst open upon the scene, and nearly three billion years intervened between the origin of life and this "Cambrian Explosion" of complicated invertebrates, we must find the record of that evolution somewhere in the rocks of the Precambrian. Ever since Darwin the rocks have been intensely searched for this record, but to evolutionists the results have been agonizingly disappointing. Nowhere on this earth--neither on any continent nor on the bottom of any ocean--have we been able to find the intermediates between single-celled organisms and the complex invertebrates. Wherever or whenever we find them, right from the start jellyfish are jellyfish, trilobites are trilobites, and sea urchins are sea urchins.  Concerning this, Axelrod has stated:  One of the major unsolved problems of geology adn evolution is the occurence of diversified, multicellular marine invertebrates in Lower Cambrian rocks on all the continets and their absence in rocks of greater age.  After discussing the varied types that are found in the Cambrian Axelrod goes on to say: However, when we turn to examine the Precambrian rocks for the forerunners of these early Cambrian fossils, they are nowhere to be found. Many thick (over 5,000 feet) sections of sedimentary rock are now known to lie in unbroken succession below strata containing the earliest Cambrian fossils. These sediments apparently were suitable for the preservation of fossils because they are often identical with overlying rocks which are fossiliferous, yet not fossils are found in them.  George Gaylord Simpson has struggled valiantly but not fruitfully with this problem, being forced to concede that the absence of Precambrian fossils (other than those of micro-organisms) is "the major mystery of the history of life" It had long been maintained by a significant number of evolutionists (including simpson above) that no undoubted multi-cellular fossils had been found in rocks that were unqestionably older than the Cambrian.  Do you see a pattern here? No intermediates anywhere.  In 1984 at Chengjiang in the southern province of Yunnan, China, a spectacular discovery of a vast array of complex invertebrates in Cambrain rocks occured. The strata in which these fossils were found, according to the paleontologists, constitute the very early Cambrian. The discovery was made by Dr. Jan Bergestrom. According to Bergestrom "the cambrian transition was a revolution more than evolution." Refering to what was termed a "riotous proliferation of more advanced life forms." Bergestrom states that "evolution of these creatures seems to have been a sudden and widespread phenomenon." Not only were these the oldest such fossils ever found, according to evolutionists, but their soft body parts were usually well-preserved. Despite their supposed great age, a majority of these fossil species belong to animal groups that still exist. Thus, these creatures were not tiny, primitive fore-runners of later, more advanced forms as evolutionists should expect. It is reported that one creature stood two feet above the floor of the ocean, another had a large disk with concentric air chambers divided into numerous partitions, and the largest animal found was two feet long with stout segmented arms. Three species of trilobites were found. Trilobites, now beleived to be extinct, were just as complex as any invertebrate in existance today. As more and more discoveries are made evolutionists are being squeezed more and more.
Scifmania: I certainly agree that there are still unknown areas of Evolution - the question of the Cambrian explosion being one of the large ones. Evolution is a theory in progress, where its progress is limited by the small possibility of certain types of fossils being able to be found or by the limited knowledge one can get from fossils (lack of soft tissues, DNA, etc.). I would also be quite curious about what caused the Cambrian explosion. Perhaps there was a slower transition in a local, isolated area (which has not yet been found by fossil hunters) that then spread suddenly to the rest of the planet once that area became less isolated (just guessing here). I am sure that some explanation exists - a tantalizing mystery.  Just to sanity check, given that you were quoting my post about debunking young-earth creationists, I am assuming that you do agree that the earth is at least many millions and probably billions of years old (i.e. not a young earth) and that you do agree with Evolution but see some unresolved areas that are interesting to bring up. Is there anything else that you were implying by your post that I am not picking up on? Namely, what was the purpose of your post?  To your qeuestion Another opinion. Ultimatly I was analyzing the data for old earth theories. I had dug up a bunch of them in the net and was weighing the data and looking for any solid evidence (which was lacking). The fossil data which is not even solid in itself relies on the theory of evolution as well, which has also been equally if not more depressing in its lack of solid evidence.  So you see, I cannot agree that the earth is millions of years old if all there is, is simple speculation that cannot uphold basic argument. I have also looked in depth into this young earth theory as well. It holds arguments for a young earth which is easily and only possible through God. There it becomes a question of faith. Isn't it ironic that it becomes a question of faith either way you go? Wether you follow pure science and fact which suprisingly enough you must have faith to truly beleive. Just as you must have faith in God the other way? That is wherein all these arguments on this forum lay. Ultimatly after reading through everyones thoughts on this fourm. That seems to be the linebreaker. God? Science? God/Science? Which way to go is the question. I choose God/Science.
No, no, what I'm saying about #2 is that if they had already said ahead of time that they wanted to be unplugged then we should unplug them. But if they hadn't said anything one way or the other then we whould keep them alive. As far as the young earth vs old earth arguement goes, because it is off topic I would rather move it elsewhere. I probably wouldn't argue for the young earth side right now though. There is no reason the old earth theory can't coincide with the Bible or my beliefs. I wasn't trying to prove the old earth theory wrong. I was just trying to say that it isn't a sure fact. It has a lot of evidence supporting it and it might very well be the most probable theory out there right now. But just because something is most probable doesn't mean it is definately true, just most likely.  Wallninja. I don't understand how the old earth theory can coincide with the bible. I have read the bible and it seems to point to an earth that is merely thousands of years old. Alas I have not read it in depth either. Please enlighten me.
I'm new here so don't tear me apart too much.  On the topic of abortion, It seems that the primary issue is what is considered 'alive'.   Disregarding morality and beliefs and looking at the issue from a purely dry, scientific point of view, here is a definition of life taken from  http://www.religioustolerance.org/abortion.htm:   "Human life: This is any living entity that has DNA from the species homo sapiens. 9 This includes an ovum, spermatozoon, zygote, embryo, fetus, newborn. It also includes an infant, child, adult, elder. It also includes a breast cancer cell and a hair follicle and a skin scraping. Some forms of human life, like ova and spermatozoa, are generally considered to have little or no value. Others, like a newborn or infant, are generally considered to be extremely valuable; their life is important to preserve."  And a definition of a human person taken from the same source. This is where the confict takes place:  "Human person: Any form of human life that is also considered a person, and thereby is granted civil rights, including the right to life. There is a societal consensus that a newborn is a human person. People disagree about whether a zygote, embryo, or fetus is a human person. People also have different opinions about the stage at which human life becomes a human person. This is one of the core disagreements that causes the conflicts over abortion."  After conception, a DNA code is formed that is unique and lasts throughout the person's entire life. At 2 weeks the human zygote is capable of fulfilling all requirements to be considered alive. At 3 weeks the fetus begins to develop limbs. After 4 weeks a heartbeat develops and after 6 weeks brainwaves are detected. According to some scientists, after 2 weeks the fetus is technically 'alive' but is not a person.   In Roe vs. Wade, 1973, the Supreme Court decided that abortion was legal during the first trimester, the first 12 weeks of gestation. At this point, the fetus begins to resemble a person, and is therefore considered a person according to the scientific definition, however, the fetus has been displaying obvious signs of life since two weeks after conception.   With the facts aside, my person opinion is that as a nation, our definition of when a human becomes a person disregards scientific findings. If not immediately after conception, the baby should have human rights within two weeks. At that point, abortion would be murder. No life is worth more than another and aborting a baby for any reason, even if it is done with good intentions, is immoral in my opinion.   I know that is a harsh stand to take and I am aware of all of the difficulties that can be associated with having a child. Childbirth could kill the mother, the child, or both. The child could be born with any number of issues making its' life difficult. The child could be born into poverty or with a mother unequiped to care for it in another way. Regardless of all of this, it is a human life and I am opposed to taking an innocent life for whatever reason.   I belive there are solutions to helping mothers and children who are in bad circumstances but they require more effort on the part of the government.
Wallninja. I don't understand how the old earth theory can coincide with the bible. I have read the bible and it seems to point to an earth that is merely thousands of years old. Alas I have not read it in depth either. Please enlighten me.  Well the Hebrew word for day, from what I've learned, doesn't have a specified amount of time. The first day of creation could have taken billions of years because saying "the first day" was a way of say "the first time God created" and therefore didn't mean 24 hours. With that in mind God could have spent as long as he felt like to create Earth and it would coincide with the Bible.   To add, it could also be possible that when God was creating he was also testing. He could have kept changing his designs on creatures and that would explain fossils that are incredibly old. They are his old designs that he stopped making when he improved upon them which would also look a lot like evolution to modern scientists. I still don't believe humans have been on the earth for millions of year since they were made last. Humans might have only been here for a small thousands of years whereas Earth itself might have been here for longer. I'm still not sure how old Earth is, I'm just looking at different possible theories. I'm not against the young earth or old earth theories. I just like to keep an open mind that each could be true until one has been shut down completely.
wallninja, I may be a conceited know-it-all but God forbid that I should ever be a coneited know-it-all.  Well I hope you change your attitude one of these days. Nobody likes an arrogant person and nobody likes a person who thinks he/she knows it all. If you were outstandingly right in everything you said I'd at least understand where the arrogance came from. I had been under the impression that the arguement was about when the baby was alive, but apparently it is about when the baby counts as a person. I read the entire thread rather quickly because of how long it was and I got a little mixed up. Forgive me for being confused.
I get the impression that by "solid evidence" you mean a complete description with no unknowns and no other possible explanation for the same evidence. It seems that the criteria which you set for proof of Evolution or an old world is impossibly high.   Evidence is not the same thing as absolute proof. Evidence is the appearance of something being true. The more evidence there is for a theory, the stronger the case for that theory until you get to a point where it is extremely likely to be true. There is a lot of evidence for an old world (that first web site that I quoted points out a lot of it) and a lot of evidence for evolution. Are these theories complete? No. But do they have to be? THe evidence for an old earth and for evolution far outweight those of a young earth or creation.  As for your choice of a combination of God and Science (if I am reading that correctly that that is what you mean by God/Science), then that is still a possibility. If you are implying that perhaps God was the one causing the Cambrian explosion or, say, the Big Bang, then, since we have no clear evidence either way, we cannot totally discount that. There is no evidence for it but neither is there evidence against it. That leaves room for people to still hold onto those beliefs while still respecting Science. I admit to having some trends toward a Science / God approach myself - trying to fit some level of religion within the cracks in Science.   My main point is that one cannot just discount large amounts of evidence because it doesn't fit ones dogma. Also, just because a theory isn't complete and doesn't have explanations for everything yet does not mean that it is wrong and a theory that has no evidence therefore has to be right. That makes no logical sense (not that that is what you yourself were claiming).  How cuirous. We are inverted duplicates of eachother in what we beleive. You follow a Science/God approach while I follow God/Science. This is a first for me lol. You are right. Evidence has always been very important to me. For why would I beleive something unless it rang out true in my ears. Evidence is there to convince and point in the direction of something to be true, but when I look to where it has pointed me and find an papery thin answer that can be easily swayed this way and that to appease whatever i feel like it should, is at the least not worth trusting.  Where you say "THe evidence for an old earth and for evolution far outweight those of a young earth or creation." I simply disagree, for you see young eath creation has full proof answers if you accept that there is God.   But of course (or at least it seems) you dont accept that, so I can understand where you are comming from.   As for when you say "My main point is that one cannot just discount large amounts of evidence because it doesn't fit ones dogma." I absolutly agree with you. I have spent countless hours studying these theories and evidences. The fact that every time I read through a new theory and found it shallow in answering the ultimate questions, used to be very depressing. But now I have answers. Now I understand why it was so unbleviably hard to find full proof evidnece when i was an evolutionist, There was a key element missing.   (God)   I get the feeling that you feel religion is there to fill in the cracks in Science untill there is a better answer. While I feel that there is no better answer.   Suppose for a moment there is God. God exists and has set moral, good/evil boundaries etc. That is a hypothetical fence.  Now lets take that fence out of the picture. Remove all religion and God from the world. Madness ensues. Anarchy, complete chaos, and ravagaging of everything. For if there is no future heaven to look to, why be good? Why follow codes of conduct and order when there is no point? So if there isnt God then we should all be attempting to do whatever we feel like. No boudaries. No reason for anything. Might as well go ahead and die if this is the case. We should die and dissapear out of existance. The possibilities for evolution are somewhere in the trillions to the power of 60, so life will never exist again. And so life dissapears in our empty void of a universe and thats it. The end. All that is left after us will be rocks in space drifting around.  So the point remains, without God I may as well run down the street killing as many people as possible untill I die. For, why not? There is no reason not to.  This world is not of random chaos (aside from the law of thermodynamics). Sitting in the woods one day it was obvious the incredible intricacy and order everything held about it. Even to the smallest thing such as DNA. It holds order that could not have occured through random chance. The mathematical impossibilities and improbabilities are phenomenal.  For example: There is a tree called the Brazillian nut tree. It drops a rather large nut that does not break when it hits the ground. by the time it decays the seeds inside of it are dead and useless. However, the tree still exists. It survives because a rat with razor sharp teeth specifically designed for this tree, digs into it and eats the nuts then excriments them. The seeds then are not only free from the powerfull container but are also fertilized. For a tree to evolve and a rat to evolve at the same time for those exact reasons are spectacularly impossible.  Is my criteria for evolution exceedingly high? Or perhaps the things evolution tries to answer are impossible. All of these scientific theories in essece tell me that none of this world can exist.  With God Everything works.
So you're a sociopathic killer who keeps his murderous impulses in check only through fear of god? Are all christians similarly inclined?  You missed my point and you know it.  The point was not that I would go on a rampage of killing and the only thing keeping me in check was God. The point was, what is the point of anything without God. The example I gave was in the extreme and I realise this. I gave and extreme example to drive my point. The point is that there is no point or logic without God. If that was the only thing you had to say after reading all i said and if you refuse to see what I have clearly said then please keep such silly comment to a minimum. I havent the time.
I understand exactly what you are saying, the only reason you behave morally is through fear of an omnipotent being who will punish you if you disobey him (for example, by believing in science), many atheists however are able to do things for moral reasons, not simply out of fear of punishment.  If you wish to debate science and theology with my that is fine. But defending myself from mindless cheap shots is not worth my time. I again say to you. If you have something worth saying then say it. But from your previous posts I assume you will make anothe fledgling attack that I will disreguard utterly and enitrely from this point on.
     I understand it may be difficult to think more about the possibilities when you are trying to hold your desire to go on a killing spree in check, but simply because the historical reasons something happened do not immediately come to mind does not mean they do not exist. That was your response to the brazilian nut tree? Brilliant! --you see, cheap shots are easy and mindless and I refuse to use them.
The point is not to take a cheap shot at you, it is to illustrate the idiocy (and dishonesty) of this claim    When pressed you appear to be offended by the very ideas you supported 10 minutes ago, you claim "without god we may as well go killing people and molesting children", but then of course that's retracted as soon as this line of thought is followed.  I still support my views. I never retracted from what i said. You cannot argue with what I have said. There is no idiocy to it. You simply cannot fathom the truth. Evolution fails you, God is the answer, and you won't accept it. It appears you truly cannot follow what I have said and see what i tried to show you. It matters not- I shall not respond to you from here on. We have agreed that we disagree and I will not argue with mindless drones. Besides, this was not a response to the likes of you. It was to another opinion. We were having a discussion. Not babeling about nothing.
Symbiote, Scifmania is right and you know it. Everybody does bad things every now and then, it is part of human nature to want to sin. We try and be the best so that other people don't suffer. Without God though, why would anybody care about anyone but themselves? If death is the end, then most people would have as much fun as they could at everybody else's expense. Scifmania isn't saying he would kill people or other similarly evil things if God didn't exist. He is saying that whenever he got the urge to do something bad, he would be more prone to doing it. Just like the way a small child will do whatever it wants if the parents aren't there to discipline him. When the child gets older he might start caring for other people too, but then again, if he didn't then nobody would be there to show him what is right. If I have said anything wrong then I apologize and correct me.
a) There is no such thing as an "evolutionist", it is a made up word with no clear definition, essentially used to smear the opponents of creationists, in the same way all opponents of nazis were called "jews" regardless of their religion or ethnicity.  Main Entry: evo·lu·tion·ist Pronunciation: -sh(&-)n&st Function: noun : a student of or adherent to a theory of evolution    Source: Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary, © 2002 Merriam-Webster, Inc.    b) The foremost scientists in biology, geology etc do not talk about evolution disproving god, it is only creationists who claim a contradiction between science and faith.  That is a load of XXXX. It is not only creationists who claim such. I've heard many scientist, mostly athiests, who say that God and science contradict. you can try and blame the creationists all you want, but many of the other scientists do the same thing all the time. Maybe the foremost ones have changed their view now, I know there are some that have, but there are still many others who say it contradicts. It is not only creationists.
Here's a harder one - prove yours to be correct. Not for me; but for yourself. And I'm not gonna start a new thread; you're welcome to PM me if you like. I'm all ears.  Look at the nations. Look at the way Christianity has affected so many people world wide. It has changed entire empires, turned savage fearful tribes into God-fearing peaceful people. It has changed the hearts of so many people, and has an effect more powerful than any other religion on earth.   It even managed to get to me, and open my eyes as to how wrong I was going in my way of life, and last winter I managed to get back on track and I was recently baptized. It has changed my life, and I could not do any of things I have without personal help from another person. His name is Jesus, and he's given me the courage to accept the things I can't change, the courage to change the things I could and the wisdom to know the difference. I could never do that on my own, but with God's help, I have. I am not praying to a non-existant being here, he has helped me personally and has spoken to me through his word and my prayers. He is real, no doubt about that.   It wasn't until I began to hate my sin and look to him for help did I realize his power. I have felt his presence, and others have been blessed because of it. Not because of what I did, but because they saw God working in me. I am a changed person, something I never accomplished when I tried on my own. A non-existant being could never do that. By my knowledge of God's truth and his existance and his sacrifice, I know my beliefs to be correct.  Initial teachings that are glorified by the religions of Budda and Confucious may be good in some ways, but none of them will take proper root if there isn't an absolute authority- namely God, enforcing them. If he didn't exist, or his word wasn't true, than how did I change? How has it motivated missionaries to go to places where the chances for being killed were practically 100%? What motivated them to live for years to reach those people while completely changing their lifestyle and sacrificing comforts they had had for their entire lives? How did those whole nations of savage brutal people change? God was there, and he helped them. I can certainly certify my view to be correct.
I don't see how you can assume this. First of all, most of the most brutal wars in history have been led by religious people who felt they had God on their side. The current crisis of terrorism in the world is largely caused by a religion that tells young men that they will automatically go to a wondrous heaven if they die for their faith. Even given various circumstances that may have otherwise led them to hate the West, do you really think that they would blow themselves up along with so many innocents if it were not for their religious beliefs? History has shown that religion does not stop violence or the horrors of this world and, in many cases, is used as an excuse for them. Human nature will be human nature and will use the arguements of the society that it finds itself in (be it religious or secular) to justify its actions. The thing we do have which stops us from violent actions is a sense of compassion that seems to be part of our biological makeup itself. It is our societies that can either nurture that compassion or subdue it in the name of an external goal. Nothing in history has shown me that those countries ruled on religious grounds are any less violent than those that are ruled on secular grounds. As for personal morality, it is absurd to think that people who are not religious have no restraints on their morality. People have the capacity for compassion and empathy that is independent of any social construct (religious or secular). I, for one, do not stop myself from hurting others due to fear or respect for God. I do it because I feel compassion for others and would feel guilty if I purposely hurt someone if that hurt could be avoided.   The calculations of improbability I have heard from people who argue against Evolution are based on false assumptions - namely, that the thing that turned out was the ultimate goal. For example, the chance that another set of beings exactly like us turning out in another planet is miniscule. However, that does not mean that some other type of intelligent life might not arise. As for arguements such as irreducible complexity, I would refer you to the Intelligent Design vs. Evolution section of 4forums.com, where people far more knowledgable on the details of Evolution than I present very valid arguements. Basically, for most if not all of the challenges (such as irreducible complexity) that anti-Evolutionists have brought up, scientists have found examples which negate their arguements.  Evolution and Science in general does not have all the answers. However, that does not automatically mean that the only alternative is God. Before we knew what causes lightning, we thought it was caused by the gods / God - until we learned otherwise. Does this mean that Science will eventually push out all room for a belief in God or the supernatural? I doubt it and, personally, I hope it doesn't. For example, I would still like to believe that there is more to us than just the physical - I have no evidence for this but it is still not completely disproven. So, I try to fit some level of religion within those unknowns of Science.   emoticon_xgood As for my speculation on God/moral/human nature and how you stomped my speculation through the ground. I applaude and thank-you. *shrugs* All I could do as I read was nod. There are a few arguments that I could bring up to try and salvage what I said, but they would not represent how I feel now.   Concerning irreducible complexity I will look into the Intelligent Design vs. Evolution section of 4forums.com and read up on what has been said before I get back to you on that.
Al Mohler has an interesting commentary on an ongoing debate between two pro-choice journalists. Check it out here.  An Op-Ed writer for the NY Times, William Saletan is arguing that the pro-choice movement is loosing in the national debate and should admit that abortion is a "bad thing."  Katha Pollit, a columnist for The Nation is putting forth an argument that says as prochoicers seek to reframe their arguments, injecting more moralism into the antiabortion debate will not keep abortion legal and accessible.   Here is Mohler's conclusion on this interesting dialogue between Saletan and Pollit:   "Why should pro-lifers pay attention to this debate among advocates of abortion rights? The answer to that question is simple--the exchange between William Saletan and Katha Pollitt demonstrates the inherent weakness of the pro-abortion argument, or its pro-choice variant. Lacking any objective definition of human life and the status of the unborn, the pro-abortion movement is mired in a pattern of endless internal debates and confusions. Saletan's argument is less radical than Pollitt's, but his position is morally arbitrary, based more in pragmatic concern than in moral philosophy.  In any event, the exchange between William Saletan and Katha Pollitt indicates that the pro-abortion movement knows that it has work to do in reaching the hearts and minds of Americans. The pro-life movement had better remind itself of the same challenge. Both sides are locked in a race to reach the hearts and minds of those still stuck in the middle."
 Unfortunately, as with so much of the pro-choice/pro-life debate, the pro-life people distort the picture in order to try to win their arguement. And pro-"choice" doesn't distort? That alone shows an unreasonable look on the issue.  I agree that many are uneducated about the subject (which helps the pro-choicers I might add) and I think many that get an abortion are not educated about whether or not it is morally ok to do. Many have just grown up with it and assumed it to be ok (which neither side of the issue should support...there is nothing wrong with education on an issue).
I would like to hear how you propose "educating" women on whether or not abortion is a moral decision for them.  Educating them on the two sides of the debate....not a hard concept.  I personally am all for education. I want women to have access to talk to other women who have had abortions, who have been single mothers, who have had the children they wanted to abort, who have had adoptions, etc. I think it's in insult to require this of them, I certainly am educated enough to make up my own mind about my own body, but others may desire additional input. I'm not talking about whether or not to obtain an abortion...just mainly explain the debate to those considering one.   However, where the leaders of the movements are concerned (those that run NARAL or Democratic congresspeople), I haven't heard too many extreme distorted comments. If you have heard such distortions at those high levels, could you name some? I have named a few as I have seen them. NARAL is famous for it and PP does it as well...but it happens on the pro-life side....I am not a fool to think distorting is one sided.  As for your comment about many getting abortions since they have grown up with it and assume it to be ok, the same can be said of those who are automatically against abortion because their parents and their communities are. As can be seen in the arguements in this forum, the issue is far too complicated to easily convince people one way or the other. I would love to see a calm and rational televised public debate on the subject but suspect that the issue is too emotionally charged and any such debate would end up degenerating into angry mutual accusations. I would like to see this too...in fact, at the university I graduated from we tried to get a public debate but the other side refused which was kinda lame but it happens. I also think that growing up with it being legal has more of an impact than having your parents be against it but the law for it. And I feel many just don't talk about it and thus you go with what the law says normally. Most of my friends don't know anything about the subject and just assume it to be ok but haven't thought about it. I used to think it was ok before I thought about it.
Like HOW. Can you be a little more specific? Sitting them in front of a pro-lifer and a pro-choicer and make them watch the two battle it out? Reading our forum? Reading some pamplets? I am tired of generalizations, I want to hear specific ideas and concepts, especially from people who are against abortion.  Bell, you're very open-minded and when I respond to you I know you try to see what I'm saying.  As for debating, pro-choicers simply can't say without losing credibility "anytime during the pregnancy is a valid time" for a woman to have an abortion. Nationwide, up to 24 weeks, any pregnant woman can get an abortion just because. She can have an arguement with her boyfriend and say f-u and get an abortion. As fair, social beings, we know its very wrong when one person can control one being's fate and effect another beings life, because she's so chooses?. A pro-choicers has no credibility when they deny that a 24 week fetus is not a human being, worthy of continuing its life. No one buys it and the bottom line why women have abortions, is because they can't cope, be that emotionally or financially or both. An excuse of emotional or financial distress should not give any human being greater power than another human being.  Come on, you tell me this baby (link below) is not a human being like you and I, deserving of the same rights we enjoy.  http://www.doublepr.com.au/ringofconfidencesml.jpg  this is a premature baby, that lived. Many babies are aborted at this stage because of one person. How fair is that. Wanted babies have rights, unwanted babies have no rights and end up in the garbage. You cannot deny this is a human being, inside or outside the womb.
Like HOW. Can you be a little more specific? Sitting them in front of a pro-lifer and a pro-choicer and make them watch the two battle it out? Reading our forum? Reading some pamplets? I am tired of generalizations, I want to hear specific ideas and concepts, especially from people who are against abortion. All those ideas are fine. Just have them know the two arguments.  I have never felt that a fetus, at one week or at 24 weeks or whenever is not a human being. Of course it is a human being, what is it if it isn't a human being? A caterpillar in a cocoon? A mass of cells? No. This is pretty impressive. Many pro-choicers say otherwise.  However, until we address the reasons women get them, which are very life effecting and legitimate (many will argue against me), then we need to keep abortions legal. I don't think anyone thinks the reasons women get them do not need to be addressed. The problem is I think many feel it is an option so they won't address any of the other issues. As a teen if a girl is deciding whether or not to have sex she might say "well, there is always abortion if I get into a bad situation"....so they feel their is a remedy for a mistake happening.    No one wins the abortion debate.[/QUOTE]
A life begins when the egg and sperm unite and an entirely new DNA pattern is formed. Looking at it from a purely scientific standpoint, most biologists feel that what makes a human being a human being is the unique DNA pattern. Therefore, when a new DNA pattern begins a human life has begun as well. If abortion is not the taking of an innocent child's life, then why do so many women (and many men) feel intense guilt and sorrow after the abortion (be it right after the procedure or years down the road)? As for pro-life arguments being largely emotional, how can you look at an aborted child http://www.abortiontruth.com/images/abortion/thumbs/31.jpg and not have an emotional reaction?
This is where people need to do more research and where the general public is ignorant of the fatcs.A fetus before the 22-24 weeks has the brain activity of a brain-dead person.People in general don't have moral issue with removing a brain-dead person from life support.People in general doen't have knowledge of the constitution and it's interpretation.People in general don't understand what at risk with the removal of reproduction rights.All they see are cute little pictures of babies and automatically assume that abortion is wrong.  First of all, there are many people who disagree with removing a brain dead person from life support. I have an uncle who chose to remove my aunt from life support because she was brain dead. Now his children refuse to speak to him (and it's been 15 years since this happened). Second, the constitution was not written to be interpreted. It is written in plain English, and was meant to be easily understood by the average person. Peopl who 'interpret' the Constitution are simply unhappy with what is written and trying to twist the words to fit their own agenda. Third, what is really at risk with the removal of reproduction rights? Could you be referring to the fact that people will once again be held accountable for their actions? That they will not be able to simply remove the outcome of their actions? Or perhaps you are referring to all the couple who have been waiting to adopt a baby, after all, we would want them to actually be able to provide a secure and loving home for a child.  If you are interested in some factual reading, try this link. It goes to a scientific studying linking abortion with increased substance abuse. http://www.bentham.org/cwhr/sample/cwhr1-1/D0003W.pdf  As for you comment on the other link to the 24 week premature baby, check out my link on page one of this thread. That link goes to a picture of a ten week old aborted baby. Looks like a person to me (although a gruesomely murdered person).
What was it in the brain dead person that your uncle's children so cherish? Did they think that there was still a chance for recovery? Did they think that their mother was still existing mentally in that body? What was it specifically about that brain dead person that you would cherish?   This is an important question since the same question can be asked about an early fetus: What is it about the early fetus that you so cherish? The main question I would ask you (and I hope that you don't chicken out of it) is: Do you believe that that early fetus has a mind?  In regards to my uncle's children, I cannot answer that. I do not see them that often, and I have not asked them the same questions that you asked me.  In regards to an unborn child in the first trimester, I cherish the knowledge that another life has begun. I think about all the things this new life may accomplish in the world, the joy that he/she will bring to others, the differences that he/she will make in other people's lives. Yes, I believe that an unborn child in any stage has a mind. I have been pregnant three times and given birth to three wonderful children. I have also known several women who miscarried during the first twelve weeks and one friend who had an abortion during the first twelve weeks. If an unborn child during this time is not a life, a human being, than why do all these women grieve over the loss of these children?
I can understand your respect for the potential of that fetus. For those who want to be pregnant, the thought of that potential can be a wonderful thing - something to look forward to. However, for those with an unwanted pregnancy, the potential that they see is purely hardship.   For women in a tough situation who might be considering abortion, there really are no good options: 1) They can continue the pregnancy and keep the born baby, but women who typically would opt for abortion are typically women for whom this choice would be frought with difficulties and regrets. Some simply cannot afford a baby, some are too young. For some, there would be major health reprecussions, etc. I give my full support to those who are willing to try to bring such an otherwise unwanted child into the world. For some, this is simply not a realistic option - for those, I support their decision to abort. 2) They can give the baby up for adoption. I admire the women who are able to do this, since it is a large sacrifice on their part that can be a great benefit to a childless couple. Unfortunately, from a wide variety of anecdotal evidence I have heard, this is a very depressing option for women, so I can understand why many do not choose this option. 3) They can abort. How depressing an option this is for them depends on their belief system. Yes, some will be depressed. Others will be relieved - most from what I have heard. I, personally, would love to see fewer women need to choose this option by improved birth control methods (to limit the number of unwanted pregnancies) and by support for unwed mothers.  You believe that a fetus has a mind at all stages. That is where I disagree and that is the main reason that I lean much farther to pro-choice than to pro-life. My own views are based on the views of neurologists that the mind cannot start to exist until around the beginning of the third trimester. Therefore, I would strongly restrict late term abortions but allow first and second term abortions. Your view, as stated, is that the fetus at all stages has a mind. Given that view, I can understand why you would like to outlaw nearly all abortions. However, I suspect that view is based on religious beliefs - which many people, including myself, do not share. Do you base that view of the early existence of the mind on something other than those religious beliefs?  In answer to your question, I do have religious beliefs, but I spent most of my youth as an atheist, then began practicing vampirism and Wiccan (during which time I had my first child). What my religious beliefs are now is not relevant to this discussion. I have held these views since I was a teenager and actually researched abortion (and yes, I did research both sides of the issue). I have also seen too many people eaten away by the fact that they had an abortion. If, as you say, most women are merely relieved, why are their so many post-abortion trauma groups and counselors? Why is the suicide rate higher among women who have had an abortion? Why is it that the rate of child abuse is higher among women who have had an abortion?  As for the pregnant woman who is experiencing hardship, I firmly believe that abortion is still a selfish choice. They think it will be too hard, so they don't even try to give their unborn child a chance at life. I got pregnant at 18. The father of my child was not in the picture. I spent the majority of my pregnancy living in a box-like structure made of wood and tarps that I had found in a small wooded area near a Denny's. I wrote bad checks so I could buy food. When that stopped working I started begging for food, and hitting homeless shelters. Towards the end of my pregnancy I heard about a home for pregnant women. Since it was heading into winter (I was due in January) I decieded to check it out. I moved into this shelter despite the fact that it was a religiously ran shelter and they did not let me practice Wicca in the house. I knew that the temporary difficulty that presented meant a better chance for my baby. Since the birth of my daughter I have had two more children. Luckily, I found and married a wonderful man. Our life is still difficult, and the recent birth of our son has made it more so, but just because something is hard does not mean that it shouldn't be done.
Life existed before the egg and sperm united. If the egg had been dead or the sperm, Surprise! Life stops.  So, this little fertilized egg can think, make decisions, vote, pay taxes?  People feel guilty when they have been conditioned to feel guilty by their religion, their parents, their society.  Most women do not feel guilty after having had an abortion. They may feel sorry that they were obliged to have one, but they are far more relieved that safe, legal and accessible abortion was there for them, as it ought to be for every woman. And child raped by her father or uncle or brother or whatever.  A. If the ability to think, make decisions, vote, and pay taxes are the criteria for determining a person's right to life, then I know a lot of people who should be killed. I know grown people who are incapable of doing some or all of those things.   B. Have you ever looked up the numbers on women who regret their choice and feel guilty about it? Or the number of women who commit suicide that have had an abortion as compared to the number who had their baby? Maybe you should do a little more research before stating things in terms of most women.  Happygrl: I read your thread on abortion and the Constitution. Great sense of humor! Actually, I took it over to the history/political science department at the university in my town, and the professors there got quite a kick out of it! FYI the Constitution was written in plain English so all citizens could understand it. I t does not need to be interoreted except by people who don't like what is says. Then they 'interpret' it by twisting the language so that it better suits their political agenda.  I honestly feel sorry for both of you. You are so blind to the truth and so stubborn that you insist on remaining blind. Someday you will realize the error of your thinking, but, unfortunately, by that time it will probably be too late. It was nice talking to you. Feel free to respond if you have anything intelligent and factual to say.
Let's reduce this to absurdity: an ovum is fertilized, and BOOM, a life begins. They zygote divides once, then undergoes further division and differentiation. You now have identical twins who share a single life. Whoops, hang on... the twins have, for all intents and purposes, identical DNA patterns. As identical twins don't have unique DNA patterns, you think that this makes them not human. (No, I realize this is not your belief, but it is the logical consequence of your rationalization.) Also, as a biologist of sorts, I can assert that "most biologists" certainly don't feel that way.  Actually, an ovum is fertilized by a sperm and BOOM a new human life does begin. A new human life begins also, if this zygote/blastocyst eventually splits to form an identical twin. These are a facts recognized by those of us in the scientific community. I am not sure if I get the point of your twins example. The way identical twins come about is indeed an amazing process, but this process in no way assumes that these are not unique individual human lives. The logical conclusion of your rationalization would have to assume that identical twins of any age are not unique separate human lives?
So, this little fertilized egg can think, make decisions, vote, pay taxes?  What does this have to do with anything? I can barely do any of these things myself - let alone balance my own checkbook. Does this make me any less of a person? Life/Personhood is not earned or attained unto.  Your comment does give us a unique insight into your worldview (naturalism/relativism?) as well as some of its conclusions:  1. That human life does not have any absolute inherent meaning, value, or dignity within itself.   2. That the value of human life is relative and that it is determined by people like yourself.
This is where people need to do more research and where the general public is ignorant of the fatcs.A fetus before the 22-24 weeks has the brain activity of a brain-dead person.People in general don't have moral issue with removing a brain-dead person from life support. If they have the ability to come out of that state they do.   People in general doen't have knowledge of the constitution and it's interpretation.People in general don't understand what at risk with the removal of reproduction rights.  Didn't you just say people shouldn't be further educated?    All they see are cute little pictures of babies and automatically assume that abortion is wrong. so there isn't anything to be educated about Don't complain then :)  Can you quote a few views that you consider extreme from the NARAL leadership and the Democratic congresspeople, along with the links from which those quotes came (so I can see them in context)? I have heard extreme comments from some pro-choice people, but I don't remember hearing any from the higher leadership (though I haven't done much searching on the subject). I mentioned a few in previous threads on these forums from NARAL and PP. You can go dig them up if you like but I don't want to bother. If you choose not to believe me then no skin off my nose :) My point is just that both sides will distort and to think otherwise makes you blind.  Regarding the debate that the other side opted out of, they might not have trusted that the debate would happen in a calm, reasonable manner and, if it would happen in an school where people would be mostly pro-life, they might have been afraid of the intimidation they might face as a consequence of participation in such a debate. Actually, it was lack of organization. I didn't meant to imply they were scared or anything...it was just not an "active" group.  That is why the anonymous setting of a forum, where one can ignore flamers and those who argue with beligerent irrationality, is a far more productive setting. I can imagine that there are some on the pro-life side that might feel the same way.  While both sides have flamers...pro-lifers are they only ones that need to worry at a college campus. I don't recall ever hearing such hatred from one side of the fense....it is different in other places it seems.  As for people being comfortable with something because it is lawful, I think a far larger influence is the beliefs of one's friends and family - i.e. whether they think that a particular action is acceptable. After all, being promiscuous is lawful, so is being an alcoholic, or being homosexual or a goth for that matter. There are actions and ways of being that certain communities do not accept. Abortion is one of those actions when it comes to communities that are of the religious right persuasion. Perhaps if it is talked about. If your family doesn't talk about that kinda stuff then you probably would default it to being "right" based upon the law. I doubt many families have discussions about abortion all the time. I know mine didn't.  I also thank you for providing a civil discussion as some are not doing so in this thread :(
Also, on the idea that women are at higher risk for certain things after an abortion. A study that came out Jan 2006 suggests that women are at higher risks for drug and alcohol dependence, depression, and other things of that nature. This was the longest running study on the issue to date.  For information about this study please search the forums as we had a long debate about it.
Wooh! Wait a minute. Women are at higher risk for certain things AFTER an abortion?  Are you very, very, very sure then that these women were not at higher risk for these certain things BEFORE an abortion?  Truth now, just the truth. No lies please. No twisting of facts.  Oops...alcohol dependence was not one of them.  http://4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=194563&postcount=78  The rest was accurate though....which doesn't mean this is the final word. In fact the study even says more needs to be researched.
I suppose that we are both limited in the time we are willing to spend to dig things up. We will just have to leave this point of arguement as unresolved. Obviously....we both probably hate stating things over and over again.   I would think that the reprecussions of public debate that either a pro-life or a pro-choice group would face in a university would depend on the political demographics of that University. Most Eastern universities end up being left-of-center, in which case the pro-life groups might face more harrassment than the pro-choice groups. Those attending universities in the South and Mid-West would probably be much harsher on the pro-choice groups. Who knows :) That age group tends to be a more liberal anyway.  My folks didn't talk about it but neither were they strongly religious. Their political leanings, apart from their strong anti-communism, were generally left-of-center which I'm sure shaped my own political leanings. I would expect that people who grow up in strongly religious communities would feel strong societal pressure against getting an abortion despite it being legal. Yeah, I have a weird view I guess. I grew up in a religious family (not overly religious I might add) yet I was pro-choice up until I went on to college (a few years into college). Too much time to think I suppose :p   I always think that civil discussions are the only ones that ever have a chance of accomplishing anything. Even where people disagree, as when you and I disagree about when the mind can first start to exist, civil discussions often reveal that the assumptions we might first make about our opponents might be wrong. There are good people on both sides, as well as selfish and unthinking people on both sides. Though I highly doubt that pro-choice and pro-life sides will ever reach a good compromise, at least with our current technologies, a lot can be gained by just understanding where the other side is coming from.I tend to fight dirty back sometimes though and it is hard to remember that this is just a forum and putting the other person down doesn't really do anything but make you look like an idiot haha.   I still don't agree,the study is flawed.And here is why.  Under the 1977 Contraception, Sterilisation and Abortion Act every abortion requires two "certifying consultants" to approve it on certain grounds, usually that a woman's mental health would be endangered by continuing with the pregnancy.  Of the 18,211 abortions performed in New Zealand in 2004, about 98 per cent were carried out for this reason.  You won't get the same results in the US because we don't have to prove mental illness to get an abortion.The control group for the study didn't have abortions.Seems to me the reason that a person would consider abortion would also cause depression and so forth not necessarily the abortion itself.Seeing that you have to prove mental illnes to get an abortion in NZ means that women who get abortion in NZ are mentally ill.  Can you post a link of where you got this from so I can see it in context. And can you show me why it relates to the study?
I've new to this site and everything and have spent a lot of time going through the abortion forum because I'm about to have one and am curious as to what people are discussing. It seems that a lot of people have very strong opinions on abortion, but that's about as far as it goes, opinions. Has anybody on this forum ever had any experience with abortions? Ever had one yourself or know someone who had gone through it?  Just curious as to how many people have gone through this traumatic event because I know that for myself, even being pro-choice, my opinions and views have changed. For instance, I don't for a second buy into the bs that is "a fetus is not alive or a human being". I know for a fact that the baby growing inside me alive, I just cannot accept it at this time in my life. Thanks for your responses.  You have a lot of choices. My wife had an abortion before we met. My mother also had an abortion when I was about 8. They both have regretted it greatly. Have you considered adoption? There are many many many great couples who cannot have babies that would love to have one and some companies can set you up with those that are willing to pay for the doctors fees and hospital fees etc.  This is indeed traumatic and a difficult choice. It is one I do not wish on anyone. I hope you know some folks you can trust to guide you and to lean on regardless of your decision.  You can still keep it, even though it will be hard, giving life is a wonderful thing.  I would suggest that you consider all angles. Talk with those that lead you both ways. Be wary of anyone who just confirms whatever you say. They are not likely giving you sound wisdom but just want you to like them. Pay attention to those that are secure enough in your relationship with them to speak openly and honestly to you. They may confirm your thoughts they may deny them.  Good luck.  EF
Well... don't you feel the baby should be given a chance at life? Isn't that always better than death? You're child might be as healthy as a weed, and if it has been affected by your smoking and drinking habits, another couple might be delighted to take the necessary care for him/her.
We cannot accept the child at this time.  Don't forget adoption. The other option is to have the baby checked with what is called "genetic counseling". At 5 and 1/2 weeks it is unlikely there is significant damage. You can have doctors test for it first.   There are lots of folks that would be willing to adopt a child who has those challenges. Do not give in to despair. If you choose an abortion, you may regret it far more than you regret smoking and drinking heavily. My wife has wept over hers. This is a big decision. Please get counsel from those that know you and who you can trust.  EF
Thank you for your concern and refraining from being judgemental, I appreciate that.   One of the deciding factors, and it saddens me to say, is that I have been drinking and smoking (sometimes heavily) up until I found out I was pregnant. Those things now repulse me and I have quit, I suppose it took something like this to wake me up to the dangers of drinking and smoking. However, my baby has been exposed to these toxins for a month, as I am about 5 1/2 weeks along. I don't know how this would affect the child but I feel that I cannot risk it. I don't believe that I would be capable mentally, physically or financially to take care of a deformend/challanged baby of my doing.  Out of curiosity, have you had a doctor check the health of the baby to make absolutely sure that the baby won't be healthy?
I've new to this site and everything and have spent a lot of time going through the abortion forum because I'm about to have one and am curious as to what people are discussing. It seems that a lot of people have very strong opinions on abortion, but that's about as far as it goes, opinions. Has anybody on this forum ever had any experience with abortions? Ever had one yourself or know someone who had gone through it?  Just curious as to how many people have gone through this traumatic event because I know that for myself, even being pro-choice, my opinions and views have changed. For instance, I don't for a second buy into the bs that is "a fetus is not alive or a human being". I know for a fact that the baby growing inside me alive, I just cannot accept it at this time in my life. Thanks for your responses.  Hello Aivlis, my name is Joe. Please let me tell you a little about my self. When I was twenty one I started dating my first girlfriend. She was seven years older then me. She had a seven year old little girl. I was working three jobs when we meet (one full time, two part time). Within six months she was pregnant (Yes we were stupid and did not use protection). I went out a bought a ring and proposed to her. She said yes. A short time later she told me she was going to get an abortion. I was devastated. I told her I would open a bank account in her name and have the pay from two of my jobs direct deposited into the account. I told her I would be there for her and our child. She still wanted to get an abortion. I told her I would raise the baby myself and that she would have no obligation, she still wanted to get an abortion. I told her I could not support her in this decision. The night before she went for the abortion, I begged her to reconsider. She would not. I wept like a baby because of this. I took me many years and the mercy and grace of God to heal from this life changing event. If there is anything I can say or do to get you to reconsider this please let me know. There are many people who would love to help you either keep your unborn child or find a safe loving home for him/her. My wife and I have a fifteen month old daughter, her name is Halley Raine. She is a real blessing, but she will never take the place of the child I would have had with my ex girlfriend. My other child would be about ten or eleven now. Please let me know if I can be of any help to you. What ever road you do decide to go down, I will be keeping you in my prayers.
It is all very well and good for some men to tell a woman not to have an abortion, to give it up for adoption, yes, very easy when one is a man and doesn't have to go through a pregnancy and giving birth, the disrupting of one's life, all that a pregnancy and the responsibility of a child entail.   Take another read of the thread. I am actually expressing my wife's thoughts. She had an abortion and has regretted it ever since. I do not state what I state lightly. Your accusation is very offensive.  EF
Not all women are the same. And, your attitude is very offensive if you believe that all women must carry an enormous burden of guilt if they have an abortion.  I cannot believe how incredibly insecure and silly you are. WHERE did I say that. No where. I never said she must do anything. I simply pointed out the enormity of the decision.   YOU have belittled her by acting as if it is nothing. She clearly is having difficulty with it. Have some sensitivity to her. It IS a huge decision. One I do not wish on anyone. I simply want to encourage her to find someone she can trust to talk it over with.   NOTICE I did not say she must do what I say. I said she should find someone she knows and someone who knows and cares about her. YOU are the one acting as if EVERYONE MUST LISTEN TO YOU BECAUSE ONLY YOU COULD POSSIBLY BE RIGHT.  Grow up!
We cannot accept the child at this time.  If I had the baby, I wouldn't be able to give it up for adoption. My hands are tied. I go in for the abortion tomorrow.  What is the reasoning here? You can't accept the child but if you went along with having the child, you wouldn't be able to give it up for adoption? Is that something that you talked about with adoption agencies and they say they won't take the baby or are you saying that you wouldn't be able to personally/physically/emotionally give the baby up for adoption?
I'm quite sad to hear that you have not considered adoption as a choice instead of abortion. My parents adopted me when I was four days old, and I thank Lucifer that my birth-parents made that decision intead of having me vacuumed out of my mother's womb.  It's your choice, and I would never fault you for that, but remember that every aborted child is an Einstein or Voltaire in the making. You just need to give them that chance.
I'm quite sad to hear that you have not considered adoption as a choice instead of abortion. My parents adopted me when I was four days old, and I thank Lucifer that my birth-parents made that decision intead of having me vacuumed out of my mother's womb.  It's your choice, and I would never fault you for that, but remember that every aborted child is an Einstein or Voltaire in the making. You just need to give them that chance.  Interesting choice of words Baphomet73. Why do you thank Lucifer? emoticon_confused
It's your choice, and I would never fault you for that, but remember that every aborted child is an Einstein or Voltaire in the making. You just need to give them that chance. There is an old song that talks about this, it is titled "What was I supposed to be."  Jesus walked upon the earth, On the shores of Galilee, He'd say to His disciples, Let the little children come to me, I wonder if up in heaven, Do you suppose we'll see little children asking what was I supposed to be. Chorus What was I supposed to be, What were my eyes supposed to see, And why did I taste of death before I even drew a breath, Laid my head at my mother's breast, to sleep. Oh Jesus, Chorus Was I to be a prophet used in the ministry, A doctor who would find a cure for some terrible disease, Even if I'd been born imperfect why couldn't my parents see, That I'd have been made perfect when you came back for me. Oh Jesus Chorus Oh Jesus, what was I supposed to be, Oh Jesus, what was I supposed to be.
looking at US abortion stats is useless. For one, some states don't report data...one of them being California.
What is sad to me is that everyone is arguing about whether or not she should have the choice. I am prolife yet support her in her choice. But more than that I am concerned about her as a person.   I would ask that you not simply promote an agenda and rather remember that this is a young person making a very difficult choice and that she needs the support of those that know her and whom she can trust. Instead there is a lot of bandying of advice and agenda.  Please remember that she is a person and is probably scared out of her gourd. She hasn't said that but has stated she felt she had no other choice. Please remember that there are other choices. She should know them all and the ramifications of them all and should be directed to those that know her and love her not a bunch of YAHOOs on the internet who think we know what we are talking about.  Be judicious and understand the gravity of your statements and how they may apply to the young, impressionable, and unexperienced individual.  EF
Thanks for saying that. At this point, she has already considered all the alternatives and made her decision. This is not a decision to make lightly. I, too, am amazed that someone would give her unsolicited advice on this personal matter. Not only is that unlikely to be helpful, it most certainly can be hurtful.  She was brave enough to discuss her personal life on this forum. She is a capable adult and can make this decision on her own without the second-guessing and judgement of others. Some people have no boundaries.  Thanks TM  Aivlis: Your courage in bringing your issues here is good. My own beliefs make me wish you could have chosen otherwise, but then I do not walk in your shoes. I still stand by the idea that you need people close to you whom you can trust to discuss these things with rather than listening to the rantings of people such as myself on an anonymous website. We all need community to make it trough this life. Seek out people and be willing to trust and be willing to become trustworthy. You will find greater reward in that than almost any other thing I can tell you.   God Bless  EF
While your story is certianly a sad one I disagree that they correct conclusion is abortion. In fact with that same logic...if someone had psychological issues after an abortion then the conclusion would be "pro life". Furthermore, to say it is better for someone to die (keep in mind you are making a decision for someone else here) rather than have a hard life is kind of a sad way to look at the world and leads to the thinking experienced during the eugenics movement.   For example, if you think that a person who once born will be mentally retarded and thus will have a "hard life" and thus should be aborted because 'no one wants a hard life' then you pretty much place mentally retarded people below other people. What a dangerious mindset to have.
I am truly sorry about your situation and I realise that if something where to happen and you did have another child that you wouldn't be able to care for both which would cause a great burden. Still, that is no reason to go through with an abortion. What's worse, the killing of an innocent child or making it incredibly hard to provide for both children? You have to pick the lesser to the two, and I feel that would be to take the burden. And besides, if it really is going to cause that big of a burden then don't put yourself in that situation where you may create a child, for the sake of the child you have already; if that means being celibate then so be it. If you feel that you can't be celibate, then go on the pill, or have the surgery done. If you're not up for those options then you have to run the risk and take responsibility for the consequences.
My reasons for not being able to have another child have NOTHING to do with the fact that the baby could inherit my health conditions. My daughter has only a 1 in 100 chance of getting narcolepsy, and though I already believe she may have inherited mental illness, her prospects are very good as long as I can recognize the signs and get her treatment right away when it becomes needed. She and I both have good lives, despite any medical problems we may have.  ok? I think you missed my point. My point was not that one is having an abortion because of passing down mentally retardation but rather the mindset one has when deciding who or who not deserves to live. The idea that a "hard life" is not a life worth living means that someone that has that life now does not deserve to live.  My reasons don't have diddly to do with any potential unborn child. They have everything to do with my child who is already HERE. I am pretty sure he/she is not potentially unborn....he/she is definitly an unborn child.
Obviously I do feel a "hard life" is worth living, or I would not be so interested in protecting the lives of my daughter and I. I do what is best for my six year old, regardless of what may or may not be best for any potential fetus. I owe my responsibility to HER, not the potential unborn. If my completeing an accidental pregnancy would threaten her well-being, then there is no other decision to be made but to end the pregnancy.   then don't imply otherwise...  Your post is just odd to the point where I don't understand how you came to the conclusion that abortion is ok. You said you have had episodes after a birth but had them prior to this and then again recently while taking a new drug...so the fact that a birth may or may not cause this seems irrelevant because it will happen again regardless of a birth. So how on earth are you "protecting your child" by thinking abortion is ok when really these episodes are caused by any number of things?
How do you know an abortion wouldn't cause the same symptoms? Furthermore, how does this justify abortion? Why not just not have sex if you are that concerned about it.
Because there is no such thing as post-abortive psychosis.  Why don't I just not have sex? Gee, why didn't I think of that. My SO and I have been together for over a year and a half. We have a wonderful relationship, and in addition my daughter cares for him very much. Ending that over a one in a million chance of an accidental pregnancy would be ridiculous. Why do you think that a mere possibility  of a fetus has more of a right to continued existance than my right to try to live as a normal human being in one of the few ways I can? It's a simple cost/benefit analysis.  You are the one that wanted to have a lower risk. No post-abortive psychosis...first of all, their very well may be. Depression and other anxiety disorders can happen after an abortion...secondly, you said that pregnancy is what caused the problem in the first place. You have be pregenant in order to have an abortion....so while you may shorten the time you will be having these "episodes" you still may have them before you even realize your pregenant. Maybe they are only late term though.  Finally, where did I say the possibility of a fetus has more of a right? A non-existence being can't have a right...once the being is created is when the rights begin. The being is created well before the being is a fetus and at that point their is no "possibility"...not having sex only prevents something from happening since you seem to be about preventing things. So is your relationship all about sex? If so you might want to rethink things. Besides isn't your daughter important enough to not risk the "1 in a million" chance that you might have another episode....or do you think the 1 in a million thing only applies to pregnancy?
Nope. The title of this post is "why I am pro-choice." I'm satisfyed with the risk level of pregnancy I am currently at. I meant risk of harm or other negative things to your current children.  I've had two first trimester miscarriages, one of which I had to have D&C, and there were no psychotic episodes after either. Perhaps birth control would be wise.....either way, you still haven't had an abortion.   Having an abortion prevents it from happening as well. It prevents the being from existing anymore...thats for sure. Killing a 40yr old male makes them not alive as well.  Is yours? Sex is generally part of a healthy romantic relationship. Abstaining from sex voluntarily (meaning there is no physical reason that sex cannot take place) and indefinately within such a relationship is rarely healthy for that relationship. No, the myth that you need sex in order to maintain a relationship needs to go. It is only nesscary if you make it such. Even if you do choose to have sex, perhaps one should accept the consequences of their actions prior to going at it. If abortion were illegal what would you do then? You would have to make a choice between not having sex or risking sex and having a few episodes.   It is also interesting to see that this all evolves around you as opposed to the other party involved (that being the child inside). This once again reinforces what I said in another post about the fatal flaw of pro-choice is that it is all selfish.   Yes, my daughter is worth the one in a million chance that I may require an early term abortion. I'm not the one who has a problem with abortion.You are. That wasn't the question....if there is a 1 in a million chance (not that it is) that you might have an episode due to getting pregenant then is that worth the risk or having sex? It seems you think so...so why is adding risk to your daughters health ok?
Somnolence, I can somewhat relate to what you're going through. My wife suffers from schitzophrenia and went through a relapse during the last stages of her pregnancy and shortly after our daughter was born. However, even with the complications that we had to endure, abortion was never an option. Our daughter is now three and a half, absolutely drop-dead gorgeous and a bundle of energy. My wife is doing very well and is an able mother. I guess what I'm trying to say is don't give up.
Abortion removes any risk of harm.   no it doesn't...and certainly not in all cases.   I had the mc when I was trying for a baby before I got pg with my daughter, and thus of course not on birth control. A D&C is the exact same procedure used in a first trimester abortion. The fetus had diedweeks ago, but my body was continuing to produce pregnancy hormones and the fetus did not get expelled. Physiologically it was identical to an early term abortion.  I won't mention that you probably didn't have a fetus growing as one is not a fetus until after 3 months normally. D&C is also not the common 1st trimester procedure...in fact you normally don't do it until the 2nd (12 wks).   Of course it prevents it from existing, that's the idea. A born human, no matter what the age or gender, is not comparable to a fetus, because no born human can alter my brain chemistry simply by existing.   Your doctor did... And a 40yr old is not comparable to a new born in some ways...whats your point? All of them are human though.   Fine, I'm sure you'd have no problem taking a vow of celibacy then? After all, sex isn't neccessary to maintain a romantic relationship, Right? Sex is not a priveledge for those who are healthy enough to complete a pregnancy. I did not ask to be born ill, and I have no obligation to abstain from sex simply because other people feel I should have to.  In that cause you shouldn't have the right to kill another human just because others feel you can. Take a vow of celibacy? For all you know I could be married and trying to have a child....or maybe I wouldn't mind having a child and would fully welcome one if one were to be conceived...maybe I am 75yrs old and can't even do that stuff....It doesn't matter, celibacy is fine if required by the situation.   Last time I checked it's not illegal to leave the country to have an abortion.   Thats because abortion is not illegal in this country...prior to 1973 there were a few laws about that kinda stuff...not that they could be easily enforced.   When the choice comes between an unborn child and the child who has put in more than six years on earth already, the born child wins out every time. And whether or not YOU feel it is selfish, I feel that I and MY health and well-being are far more important than any unborn child as well. I have no obligation to support any other life forms to my own detriment.  Yet you can't be sure that abortion would even prevent you from "hurting your child"....and you claim the reason is for your child but all of your arguments have been about you.   If it's selfish to put the well-being of my family ahead of gestating an accidental and unwanted pregnancy, then I guess there isn't anything wrong with being selfish.  You aren't telling the full story...you surely could make it work even if it makes your family have to work harder...If you have a person that lives next to you that used to sexually assault children you don't kill them because they are unwanted and because you family is ahead of them...The argumetn that one needs to die for what you believe to be the well being of another is not right.  [/quote] Yes it is. That's why abortions exist. Because the world is not a black and white place, no matter how much you may want it to be one.[/QUOTE] This issue is black and white. And your answer is odd....you are willing to take a chance of having an episode by having sex yet you want abortion to avoid another risk...
The particular risk I am trying to avoid (namely post-partum psychosis)? Well, yes it does, by definition.  The risk still exists as there have been reported cases of postpartum pscyhosis after abortion.  Boy if you're going to contradict me about medical procedures and terminology, at least try to get it right. This stuff is pretty easy to verify.  http://virtualhumanembryo.lsuhsc.edu...Stages/HEP.htm  "Human prenatal development is divided into an embryonic period and a fetal period. The embryonic period begins with fertilization and ends eight weeks later."  The fetus I was carrying was estimated to have died at 8 weeks and some days. depends on who you ask i suppose....8-12 weeks is what you normally hear.   "Dilation and suction curettage (D&C) (also called vacuum aspiration) - D&C can be performed after the first month of pregnancy and throughout the first trimester."  I had the D&C about three weeks after the fetal death, or 11 weeks into the pregnancy. Yet it is not the common 1st trimester procedure...  Don't change the claim  The doctor also has a choice of what and whether to prescribe me medication, whereas a fetus has no choice about how much it effects my production of hormones. Yet you seem to think this warrents a death sentence...  Of course the fact that I agree have this right is inconsequential I suppose? If you felt strongly about your right to bear arms, and the law were on your side, would you get rid of your guns simply because others you do not agree with think that you should not have the right to own them? How silly that would be. Then don't use that kind of argument then...You are pretty much telling me my argument is dumb (which it is) yet I was using your own logic to produce that result.  What's that have to do with anything? You don't NEED a child anymore than you NEED sex, so if it's just that simple and would have no effect on your relationship, put your money where your mouth is and prove us all wrong. Hell, just do it for a couple of years even. Until you have, don't you tell ME that it isn't neccessary! To me, it's quite neccessary so long as I and my SO are physically capable of completing the act. Your argument makes no sense. I pointed out that you shouldn't have sex if you don't want to deal with the risks of pregnancy and possibly abortion and I also pointed out that sex is not nessecarly needed in a relationship. You turn around and think I am the same way and don't want to deal with those risks...this may or may not be the case. Like I pointed out, if I wanted a child then sex is one way to get there. The consequences of my actions would be fully accepted. There is no "putting my money where my mouth is" because i am not saying that no one should have sex. You are performing a classic strawman.  That's total speculation on your part until you're personally faced with the situation. Who says I haven't?  <skipping some for the sake of length<  Make what work? Celibacy, or completing a pregnancy? Either way, why should I feel compelled to when i have a better and safer option? Who said it is better? I think celibacy would be the safest option though.  If I get pregnant I can't eliminate the harm to my family by moving to another home, or by not allowing my daughter to stay home alone. You could have someone else care for them for 9 months or have a family member help. What do you do in the case that you have an episode caused by non-pregnancy reasons?  How? Because there is an absolute right and wrong answer to this kind of question. A non black and white issue would be something like "what should I have for dinner today" or "who should be the next police chief".  How so? Having sex does not induce psychosis. Giving birth does. There are many ways to prevent giving birth other than not having sex. Yet abortion might....even planned parenthood admits this.  For the sake of argument...lets assume an abortion did cause psychosis. What would you do in this situation?
although I do feel compelled to urge you not to have sex if you are 14 or younger. Actually, 18 or younger. Just one of my little personal idiosyncrasies.  This is literally one of the only things simone and I agree on.
 Who said it is better? [abortion over letting a basby be born] I think celibacy would be the safest option though.  Certainly unmarried celibacy as well as letting a baby be born are the less deadly alternatives, by far most of the time.
Less deadly to the embryo/fetus only. An unborn child does not have and should not have MORE rights than me, and since those rights cannot ever be equal, then one has to have rights over the other. I will never agree that an unborn child should have rights over those of the mother.  It is actually very rare these days for there to be a situation where a choice has to be made between the life of the child and the life of the mother. In almost all cases, the mother will not be in danger, regardless. The idea that there is a choice being made between one or the other in terms of a right-to-life is an absolute non-argument here.   So we're not talking about a situation where the unborn fetus has more rights than you--that's an impossibility. It has no way to willfully terminate YOU.  In rare cases where a pregnancy IS life threatening to the mother, then most people (pro-life or otherwise) will agree that your right-to-life is most important. So much so that it's a red herring here.
Furthermore, if any person, even a born person is causing you direct physical harm, even non-fatally, you have a legal right to defend yourself against that. The fact that the fetus is not making a willfull decision to cause harm makes no matter since it also cannot make a willfull decision to stop causing harm either. Since the only possible way presently to stop a fetus from causing harm is to end the pregnancy, then that unfortunately means that it often *has* to come down to the rights of the mother over the rights of the fetus.  Ending the life of an unborn baby is not a case of self defense (as you have said), so why the analogy?  How do we decide who has more rights?
The problem with the concept of risk is that there are few absolutes. Situations where continuing a pregnancy has a 100% chance of ending the life of the mother are rare. Situations where there is a *risk* to the life of the mother are far less rare. How much of a risk to the mother's life does there have to be for an abortion to be acceptable? 5%? 50%? 90%? Where do you personally draw the line, and where should society draw the line, if anywhere?   Furthermore, if any person, even a born person is causing you direct physical harm, even non-fatally, you have a legal right to defend yourself against that. The fact that the fetus is not making a willfull decision to cause harm makes no matter since it also cannot make a willfull decision to stop causing harm either. Since the only possible way presently to stop a fetus from causing harm is to end the pregnancy, then that unfortunately means that it often *has* to come down to the rights of the mother over the rights of the fetus.   Even if you don't consider the fact that no person is legally obligated to provide support, physically or otherwise, for any other person, then you at least have to aknowledge the reality of the above two scenarios.  But pro-choice mentality is that abortion should be allowed even if there is no harm. And since when is pregnancy itself considered a form of harm at all??? ANY risk to the woman's life is very rare these days with pregnancy.  Your entire argument here is based on the premise that having a baby growing inside is harmful, but it's not except in rare cases. There is no "risk" unless something goes wrong. But all this is really moot, because the pro-choice position isn't based on risk to the mother at all. If it were, pro-choicers would be against abortion in cases where there was no harm to the mother.
It most certainly is self defense if the fetus is causing you harm.  Somnolence, I feel sympathy for anyone for anyone who is in a situation where the life of an unborn baby is terminally flawed (this was the case of my beautiful niece, Jane who died at 3 days of age). I feel sympathy for any woman who's life is in danger because her unborn baby is flawed. I've been near such situations, but have never persoanlly been in such circumstances. It must be awful. Surely you could find a way to talk about what you have to do without painting the unborn baby as your assailant.  Would you actually have us believe that the unborn baby is in the womb attacking the mother (self defense is a response to an attack that causes harm or in response to a situation wher harm is immanent)?  If we are going to assign blame in this tragedy why not put it on the mother and father as aggressor? The mother and father have worked together to synthesize a zygote that is terminal at best. They have brought together a life that is tortured and fleeting. Shame on them! Their lives should be ended.  Assigning blame to a helpless zygote or un-born baby does not make for good jurisprudence, nor is it near beneficent medical practice. The baby had no more idea that it would be flawed than did the mother and father (saving in the case when genetic counselors might have informed the mother and father, in which case they, not the child would be to blame).  By way of generalization, how do we apply your ethic to all other "harm causers"? What about AIDS infected men who practice unsafe sex? How about Muslims who incite violence through hateful language? What about vegans who go about bombing research centers? How about men who go about ending the lives of fetuses? Should we end the lives of all these people?
Surely you can grasp that not everyone values an unborn child above themselves or their children. And since it seems you either didn't read or didn't comprehend my OP on this, for the record the reason I can't safely carry a pregnancy to term has nothing to do with the fetus being flawed. It's because of the hormonal fluctuations experienced during late stage pregnancy and after birth.   Maybe the problem with the pro-life side is that it *is* more about assigning blame than it is preserving autonamy and quality of life for women.  Thank you for your reply, somnolence. you are right, i was replying to the most recent posts without reading your OP. My apologies for writing without looking into your story. My hat is off to you for being such a courageous person in dealing with bad circumstances. I wish you a warm and supporting group of family and friends!  I hear what you are saying about pro-life propaganda being about assigning blame. Who can actually blame anyone without looking deep into their own souls and seeing themselves as blameworthy? Not me and not anyone in the pro-life group, not to mention the rest of the world. I discern that using the self-defense analogy requires the same blame assignment. But as you said, it is only an analogy and analogies never have a 1 for 1 relation to what they signify.  Know that my thoughts here are based on a desire to commend life. Since watching my nieces and nephews be born I have been impressed by the beauty and weakness of young life. And since watching my niece die in her father's arms I have come to embrace the harder path where the strength is present to walk that path.  It is the job of the strong to protect the weak; to use their power to serve justice not to be served by justice.
Abortion is not self defense by any legal definition, obviously, but it's a far better example than a "death sentance" would be.  It's only giving a death sentence to avoid the mere possibility of one (in most cases). Of course there are rare cases where the mother could really die or is at real risk, but those are rare these days.
You know, sometimes death isn't really the worst thing that can happen to a person.  How would you know? You can't even ask someone.
This is going way too far off. Lets go back to basics here.  Steeeve, why do you feel a fetus can ovveride her right to her own body?    Right on!  Well you assume a right to your own body exists for one. But lets assume it does. What makes you think a right to life is below it? In any other conflict i could think of between "right to own body" and "right to life", life will always win.   I guess the first question is...how do you define "right to your own body"  Furthermore, we seem to place more value on a "life" anyway. I mean the punishment for taking a life is sometimes your own....meaning the taking of your "right to life" is a worse punishment than say taking away your "right to your body".
[QUOTE=Shooterandproud;237701]Even though a fetus is a life, and ant is a life too. Should we make ant squishing illegal too because we would like to value life more? I mean, Ants have a right to life too, but you're not ranting about ant squishing. Could you please elaborate?[quote] they also have a body...do we give them a right to their body?  Get real, you know very well we are referring to humans.   Then let us choose which we want. Now shoo!We can choose which rights to respect! Alright!! I choose no right to life and no right to your body....I suppose you will be fine with me killing everyone in sight and will defend me if I get arrested.
Sure, thats your choice, just be ready to face the consequences. Fine, I say we have consequences for abortion....mainly jail time for those that perform it.  Yes, we are reffering to real humans. Real humans having rights to their own bodys, and not a fetus growing in their stomach make their descisions for them.A fetus is a "real human"....so not sure what your point is.
A death sentance!???!?! OMG! Steeve please, give me their name, their phone number, their age, their place of residence, and their email adress and I'll help them as soon as possible!  A person is a person no matter how small.  http://article.nationalreview.com/?q=OGI4NDRkMWQyYjlhMmY2ZDQ0MDVmNDlmZDFhMDAxN2I=
That's just darling, and all.  But it still doesn't indicate that a fetus is a small person. No one denies it's alive. No one denies it is of the species Homo sapiens.  meh, some deny it but ya know how it is :p  No one denies that an embryo can ultimately become as person, which is the simplistic point of that cloying article. It is personhood of the fetus that is the debate. I don't think it can ever be definitively determined. "personhood" is made up and "person" and "human" were interchangable up until the abortion debate decided to seperate them. Either way, who cares about labels? The embryo is what it is. If you support abortion you support calling some humans worse than others...shouldn't be a big deal to those "pro choice" people. The "pro lifers" have to deal with the fact that women are going to have it tough and that it is indeed unfair sometimes. I feel that it has never been morally right to classify humans and it has never worked well in that past and thus I argue against abortion.  But even with your argument it really makes me wonder why you error on the side of death. I can't imagine erroring on the side of death for a murder suspect...."well, we will execute him and if it turns out he was innocent then we will know!". but thats just me
That's just darling, and all.  But it still doesn't indicate that a fetus is a small person. No one denies it's alive. No one denies it is of the species Homo sapiens. No one denies that an embryo can ultimately become as person, which is the simplistic point of that cloying article. It is personhood of the fetus that is the debate. I don't think it can ever be definitively determined.   Using Dr. Seuss was an excellent choice of reference to back your argument, however.  I am not sure why you quoted Shooter's post about a death sentence. However, if you really equate abortion with murder, are you willing to advocate charging the mother and doctor with premeditated murder?  There is no debate. There is no distinction. Human = person.  When one tries to argue otherwise they betray a low view of human life and imply that human dignity is bestowed by the elite based on a certain level of development. That is scary ground to walk on moose. Even if one were to allow your argument to stand (that personhood atainment cannot be determined so lets keep abortion legal) it betrays such a low view of human life. It allows that when faced with the possibility that the fetus might be a "person" one would ignore this possibility and choose to kill. I sure would hate to have someone like this as a hunting partner. "Is that a deer or is that a Chloe? I don't know, Oh well. BAM!!!" It is amazing to me how some in this debate can be so trigger happy.  I have wondered about those who have this argument, that with such a low baseline view of human life, how can any human being be viewed with dignity, much less those who are being "perceived" as flawed and having lives unworthy of living because they might be underdeveloped or smaller than others.   Yes, I equate abortion with murder and am in favor of establishing a law that would make abortion illegal. Isn't the Laci and Connor law is based on this principle?
This nothing to do with the "elite", whatever the fork that means. To suggest that those that profess a pro-choice positon do not respect the dignity of human life, is not based in fact.   Yes it does. The elite self appointed "persons", who have power, are proposing to decide who is not a person based on development and size.   You are forgetting an utterly unique characteristic of this supposed person. It is contained in and completely dependent for ALL physiologic needs, including respiration, kidney & liver functions, hormonal support, digestion, etc, upon another human being. This is the entire issue.  So what is your point? That the level of dignity one should afford a human being is based on their level of independence and development? This has implications for the large underdeveloped people as well the small, and I am sure is troubling to the handicapped. If I were Neil Armstrong, I would not feel comfortable going out for a space walk knowing someone with this argument were in charge of making sure my connection cord was working right. They might get bored, or just choose to cut the life supply for any reason at all.   That is a straw man. Pro-choice proponents do not have a low view of human life. That is an unfounded characterization. No one is perceiving anything as having less dignity or flawed.  Pro-choice proponents have a lower view of human life than pro-life proponents. Lets look at the two main views.  This is the view which drives the pro life movement: That the creator created human beings in His image and imparted value, meaning, purpose, and dignity. I will argue that it is the view which presents the highest view of human life, and thus the highest view of women. This view allows that there is inherent dignity within each human life and therefore everyone should be treated with dignity and respect. And, even if they aren't, their life has value. This value was not given by humans and therefore cannot be taken away by humans.  The predominate view which is at the heart of the pro choice movement is secular humanism. Everything has happened by chance and therefore mankind is a random wart on the face of a random meaningless chance universe. Therefore all human life is just the sum of its parts and is of no more value than dirt. It has no inherent meaning. Therefore, this view cannot disagree that women have no intrinsic value - they are no better than dirt.   Therefore, the view which predominately drives the pro life movement places a view of women that is exceedingly and abundantly trancendent above the view which predominately drives the pro choice movement. The pro life view of women is of a different quality and order.  What I asked, and you didn't answer, was not whether abortion should be illegal. It is obvious that you think that. If you call it murder, do you then think the mother and physician should be arrested for premeditated murder?  Sure, if abortion = murder and if it is indeed premeditated. You left out the guy, and those who might be pressuring her into it as well. Of course each case is unique though.
Since when does Neal Armstrong live in my stomach sucking up all of my resources and completely dependant on me. And in a couple of months, will come out of...  Human dignity is based on location and dependency?   Great Idea! Lets charge people that squish ants with premeditated murder too!  Oh ok, I forgot. Humans are no better than ants, right.   Now your first argument makes more sense.
First you say reproductive health doctors should get jail time and now you're saying a fetus is a real human? erm... ok?  That is a pretty good summary I'd say.  If we are pro-choice, then we think the mother should have rights. If you are pro-life, you think the fetus should have rights. I don't think the fetus should have rights over a mother until its in its third trimester, in which case if the mother didn't want the baby, she should've aborted before. Well yes, pro-choice thinks the mother has rights, pro-life thinks both have rights. So you shoulda said "think the fetus has rights too".   Forcing a woman to give birth is like rape, you do it against a mother's will, and the other side argues that you are stopping a life from being created Not even close to like rape but if you like to do that then I can just say abortion is like murder...so you have a choice between murder and rape. Great choices.  Should rape be legal because it has the possibility to create a life? Huh? Your statements (together) are starting to border on a strawman.  Should we outlaw condom and birth pill sales because its preventing a life from being created? To me, its completely unconstitutional and completely immoral to be forcing our contrys women to provide us with babys against their own will. Certainly not unconstitutional but what does outlaw condom and birth control pills have to do with anything? I never mentioned birth control....starting a strawman here.  Why would you want more unwanted children in this world steeeve? Simply because a fetus is a life, does that mean that is has so much power to ovveride a womans choice? Should you kill everyone that is unwanted? If you are unwanted can we kill you without punishment? If a 2 month old baby is unwanted can they kill him or her?  You claim the pro-choice argument is based on selfishness, while i think the contrary. I think the fetus is rather selfish, living off of the mother against her own will, sucking up her resources and causing her pain, and she cant do a darn thing about it, you say. Then, the fetus demands to be born, fed, and raised. Selfish to kill for your personal gain. The fetus didn't have a choice to be "sucking her resources". How can you be selfish when you can't do something to become selfish? Makes no sense.
If we are pro-choice, then we think the mother should have rights. If you are pro-life, you think the fetus should have rights. I don't think the fetus should have rights over a mother until its in its third trimester, in which case if the mother didn't want the baby, she should've aborted before. A pregnant woman should never be forced to give birth. Forcing a woman to give birth is like rape, you do it against a mother's will, and the other side argues that you are stopping a life from being created. Should rape be legal because it has the possibility to create a life? Should we outlaw condom and birth pill sales because its preventing a life from being created? To me, its completely unconstitutional and completely immoral to be forcing our contrys women to provide us with babys against their own will.  My friend said to me yesterday "jeez, pro lifers are so annoying. I mean, we have so many unwanted children in this world, why would we possibly want more?". I agreed. Why would you want more unwanted children in this world steeeve? Simply because a fetus is a life, does that mean that is has so much power to ovveride a womans choice? You claim the pro-choice argument is based on selfishness, while i think the contrary. I think the fetus is rather selfish, living off of the mother against her own will, sucking up her resources and causing her pain, and she cant do a darn thing about it, you say. Then, the fetus demands to be born, fed, and raised.  Who's selfish now steeeve? I guess their is a glitch....does anyone else see that I responded to this post prior to the date said it was posted?
Little biology lesson, Chloe:  A strand of my hair is human. Is it a person? No.  A clipping from my nails is human. Is it a person? No.  A drop of my blood is human. Is it a person? No.  surely even you know that human can be short for "human being". You just completed a strawman :)
[aside for clarification] I think I see a problem here that would explain some things. I think you do not understand what is meant by a straw man argument.  When I propose a idea of my opponent's that is easily refuted and that they never asserted in the first place, that is a straw man argument.  In other words, if I exaggerate or distort your position for the purpose of criticizing you, that is a straw man.  I am not arguing with your position here, I am simply hoping to edify you, if I may be so presumptuous. Well thank you for mildly explaining what a strawman argument is. I guess it is my term to teach you sometime...hmm,  Most countries in Europe (that are a part of the EU) use international accounting standards called IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards). These standards were chosen by the EU because when the EU was formed they wanted to confirm to the same standards but each country couldn't agree on whos to use. They also didn't want to use US GAAP as they tend to not like how we do our accounting. They therefore decided to pick the international standards which has sparked a large increase in the use of these standards by a large number of countries.  I already knew what a strawman was (see Simones post I referred to) but hopefully you learned something!  No, Steeeeve, I am simply fond of using precise language.  The term "human" can refer to a huge variety of things. Person, human being, has a very precise legal definition. Person is defined as "a living human" in most dictionaries. So it appears you are the one not using the precise language Simone.
 The physiologic status of a fetus is fundamentally and qualitatively and uniquely different from all other representations of human life, including the short-statured, infirmed, disabled or Neil Armstrong (that was kind of whacked, I must say)  You mean that a younger, smaller, less developed person who lives in a special place is worth less because of these reasons? How is this a high view of human life?  It comes down to discrimination against someone based on size, development, and location. It is a failure to recognize someone's value based on these issues.   Fetuses have an utterly unique interrelationship with a human being called its mother   What would be so special about an utterly unique interrelationship that would give one the license to kill their neighbor?  The rights of that mother must be taken into account   They are.   I do not think you are qualified to comprehend what view of life I have. I refute your statement.   Well, can you say that women have an absolute inherent value?    This is merely your ill-informed opinion. Secular humanism is another of those buzzwords. You imply it has a specific meaning and some significance in this debate. I do not think everything happened by chance. I feel there a great deal of meaning to existence. I very greatly value human worth. Where ever do you get these looney ideas?   Well, many in the pro-choice side are secularists. But since you are not...   How did "everything" come about? What is your basis for meaning? What distinguishes humans from animals? Why should they be valued?  Forget everything else. Do you or do you not think all those responsible should be charged with a capital crime - Murder I - and receive maximum sentence, life imprisonment or death? That would include mom, doc, hubby, Aunt Enid, whoever. Please answer this question. It is the third time I have asked. Do not dodge it yet again. Yes. Abortion is murder and should be considered a capital crime.
Sorry.  By what you said in that particular post of Simone, it does not appear that you do understand (and based on other posts), hence my attempt. Rather than sarcasm, perhaps you could elaborate as to why her argument is so.   Yes, I did learn something.  Like you said, a strawman is where you present an argument that is (normally) a skewed or false argument that you claim the opponent made. In this case Simone presented the argument that "something that is human" (as in of human origin) is not a person as opposed to the opponents argument which was "Human = Person". There was no reason to believe that "human" in that sense referred to a cell or hair (see definition of Human).   So we established that the opponent presented argument X and Simone presented argument Y. Simone then stated that argument Y is false. The human cell is not a person in this case. Thus this proves the opponent wrong.  A classic strawman. All four steps were done :) [*]Person A has position X.[*]Person B presents position Y (which is a distorted version of X).[*]Person B attacks position Y.[*]Therefore X is false/incorrect/flawed. Yes, I did learn something. For some reason people don't like learning about accounting though...I don't know what everyones problem is :p
 It's a pointless exercise in semantics to argue with you or Steeeeeve on this one. Problem is your beliefs are faith not fact.  And yours aren't faith? And why can't a faith also be a fact?
Because your God is not proven. Our science is. And what science is this? Your made up science that says a person and human are different....I'd like to see some data on this.  Faith cannot be a fact. Then it wouldn't be faith, now would it? Faith means believing in something when there is no evidence. Or even worse, believing in something for which there is evidence to the contrary. Why this is considered virtuous or even desirable is a mystery to me.Faith can be fact. You have a faith in science yet you call those facts. Even so, is a fact yet to be discovered not a fact? Was gravity not a fact prior to "the apple falling"? Obviously no...gravity was there it was just undiscovered.    faith: 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2) : complete trust  Do you really need that question answered? See above example. Undiscovered or "no proof" doesn't mean something doesn't exist and isn't a fact :)   Even so, what science do you think is "fact" in this situation....oh wait, you don't have any.
emoticon_rolleyes  You keep trying to equate your "faith" with science, which is based on reproducible proof, evidence, and fact. It's really kind of funny. can you prove that proof exists? No, its faith. Good try.  Yeah. Just like Atlantis is still a continent even though its never been discovered. By your logic, the "fact" that god exists and the "fact" that god doesn't exist have both "yet to be discovered"... No, but one of those is a fact...eventhough no one knows it. The reality already is here even if we don't know it.  It isn't a fact until its proven. Otherwise, we can claim that the exact opposite is also a fact, can't we? No. fact is a truth and truth already exists even if you don't know it. 2+2=4 even if you are 1yr old and don't know what addition is.  Snide and boring. Trying to take me grossly out of context, achieving nothing. We were talking about your claim that "faith" can be "fact". You might have better luck trying to claim that faith can be TRUE.  Facts need substantiation. Labelling an unknown as "fact" is virtually an oxymoron. So you can't find the "science facts" that were referred to? Simone said there were "facts" not faith...what "facts"? You don't know do you?  If you don't want to have a serious discussion, fine. Whata cop-out :). Sorry that abstract thinking is beyond your capacity.  If its so made up then why is there so much proof? Your faith is like blaming someone in a murder investigation, when all evidence points to someone else. And then you claim its correct because "nobody can prove you wrong".So much proof such as what.... This is the second time I have asked for it now and you have yet to produce. Its like the president saying we have a plan but refusing to tell anyone that plan. If you don't got it then we can't say it isn't true (as no proof to opposite other than a defintion) but we also can't say it is true.  ok? There is really no faith in science, its (mostly) all facts. The only "faith" part in science is some unproven theorys, but thats all. The rest are indesputable facts.fact based on......faith that certain things exist?  You're right, just because something isnt a fact it can still be true. But "no proof" indeed means its not a fact. No proof means not a proven fact. Even a proven fact has some element of faith though. Even so, a fact is just a truth. The truth exists whether you refuse to know it or not.  I suggest you pick up a third grade science textbook and work your way up from there. You've got a long ways to go buddy. 3rd grade science book says an embryo is a human....I never denied that. So what facts are these? Still can't show me anything. Doesn't surprise me.
The proof is so obvious i really feel i do not need to present it.I doubt you have any... It isn't like this is the first time this has come up. So lets see it. It is essential to your argument so you need to provide it.  Fact based on evidence. and you just assume the evidence relates to the fact? Perhaps you assume the evidence tested is tested in methods are in reality logical. You beg the question no matter how you look at it which is why you have to have faith in something.  A fact is a KNOWN truth. Something that can be backed up and proven. A fact is different than a truth. Well, many definitions of the word fact. I think it is useless to argue this. A fact can just mean "a truth that exists" or it can be a "something known to exist"....so, whatever.  Please show me where a thrid grade science book says that. Human (n): 1. A member of the genus Homo and especially of the species H. sapiens. 2. A person  Is the embryo not of species Homo sapien?   Perhaps you were home schooled
Since you are so oblivious to the truth, and probably flunked science a couple of times:  http://www.mala.bc.ca/~johnstoi/essays/courtenay1.htm http://newton.nap.edu/html/creationism/evidence.html http://www.thekeyboard.org.uk/The%20...g%20Theory.htm http://www.umich.edu/~gs265/bigbang.htm What they hell are you talking about? This is an abortion forum...not a evolution vs. creationism forum.  http://www.carm.org/abortion/embryo.htm  Perhaps you need to get your "facts" straight. huh?   Can you deny the basic definition? No. You don't even try.  What species is the embryo? Answer me that.
You were asking me to prove that science is not faith. And i just did.  Interesting. So science the provider of absolute truth? Whatever. Science = faith - how do you know that allllll that research is alllllways truthful? Especially if most scientists don't recognize absolute truth and morality. How many people out there might have fudged the data like the cloning guy in korea? Time and peer review do not always correct for dishonesty. Not every scientist is motivated by the thirst for knowledge - some are greedy and everyone is biased. It takes a lot of faith to believe science.   And embryo is of the human species, but is far from a person. Like i said, my hair is of the human species too. Who said anything about denying any defonition? Im just proving to you that an embryo is not a person, or a sentinent being. Are you finally giving up?  This is a problem for many who have the pro-choice position - there is no basis for placing inherent value on humans in general.
You were asking me to prove that science is not faith. And i just did. No I asked you to prove that science thinks an embryo or fetus is not human.   And embryo is of the human species, but is far from a person.  where is your "science evidence" that shows a difference in person and human?   Like i said, my hair is of the human species too. Who said anything about denying any defonition? Im just proving to you that an embryo is not a person, or a sentinent being. Are you finally giving up?"is of" is different from "is". You are a science buff and don't know this?  person: a human being http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/person  Oh my! I guess your hair is a person.
Those cases are very rare. There is really no faith in science, since it is proven. Proven based on what? You can never answer this question because you just make a circular argument. The can't show an absolute so you take one on faith and draw conclusions from that.   Most of it is just true. And just because the scientists dont respect and worship your god you're going to condemn them? Can you do anything to prove science wrong? If you cant, go away. If you can, lets see the proof.   You can't prove it 100% to be true. Just look at all the "science" proven wrong. Just look at the scientists that thought blacks were inferior to whites.   Yes there is, especially if there is a woman at stake. Basically you are saying the I am equal to a strand of your hair. Actually that is what you are saying. Strawman :)
 Common sense. A hair is not a person. My fingernail is not a person. And an embryo is not a person. true, true, false.    Human being and of the human species are different. You are right.  human being&#8194; 1. any individual of the genus Homo, esp. a member of the species Homo sapiens. 2. a person, esp. as distinguished from other animals or as representing the human species: living conditions not fit for human beings; a very generous human being.  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/human%20being  embryo still qualifies.  Keep trying to justify by changing words around.
"most scientists don't recognize absolute truth and morality"  That statement is a perfect reflection of a major problem with religion. This youngster has been indoctrinated so severely as to be generally opposed to science. She doesn't disagree with a specific, perhaps controversial issue. She is asserting that science is bad and wrong and immoral. How can this happen in 2006? How can anti-intellectualism and blind faith be considered admirable attributes by so many?  Please, Chloe, stay in or go back to school. If you won't do it for yourself, do it for the sake of humankind.  Not opposed to science, just saying it takes faith to believe it.
Well, you said, "most scientists don't recognize absolute truth and morality" Not sure what that means, then. Kind of a prejudiced statement.  And two,  To believe scientific facts, faith is to be strictly avoided.  It is a bad thing in science. A no-no. It is the antithesis of science. (Sorry for the big word.) If you think that "it takes faith to believe it", at the bare minimum, you don't understand science. I reiterate my regrets that you have not benefitted from education.  So, belief is required?  When one believes science, they are trusting that the fallible people who did the experiments did not lie. People in general are influenced by things like greed and other biases. And, like I said, time and peer review do not always right the wrongs. What has happened in South Korea is a perfect example of biased fallible science - published in arguably the most reputable scientific journal as scientific fact (or should i say fraud).  Science can't help in this debate though, because it provides no basis for meaning. I can see how a faith in science alone can lead one argue that life of the fetus has no meaning, but can't figure out how this faith could lead one to acknowledge that any human being has inherent value and meaning that is deserving of special rights.  So, do you think humans have inherent absolute dignity and meaning? Are they inherently worth more than ants - or dirt?
You might as well say that all of them are false, because that whole statement is false.     A woman's egg qualifies as a person? Does my sperm qualify as people?  what? Strawman?...oh got it, you make random claims that I never made. Fun.  What's that Shooter! You believe we should kill all the black people? :xbanghead
Based on evidence. Have you heard of something called the scientific method? what evidence do you have that the scientific method is real? Oh wait none. Keep on going in the circle....you still can't prove from a non-absolute viewpoint.    You mean the christian scientists? Huh? Just scientists.
Dont even think about criticizing our science until you can fullly prove yours, hypocryte. I never said mine was to be proven. I just said you can't prove yours so don't think there isn't a faith element.  May i remind you that the christians are the ones that discriminated against blacks and gays.Actually, it was almost everyone (not everyone was a Christian). Better check out some history books. Even your athiest scientists thought blacks were less of a person than whites.
See simone's post. circular reasoning again. Until you are prepared to prove what the absolute is you can't prove a science or a religion or proof for that matter.   Maybe so, but let me tell you, the KKK was christian, and christians discriminate most agains gays now days, most atheists dont.Where do gays come into the equation? We were talking about blacks and how scientists thought they were less of a person. Furthermore, one of the first groups to oppose slavery was a Christian group.
Pathetic reply. Yes. I can "prove that proof exists". What issue do you think you're talking about with regards to a pretense that I can't?  How can you prove that proof exists without using the proof that you are trying to prove exists? See how "begging the question" that is.  You've just neutered the idea of "fact" by that statement. Turned it into something it is not. It would be more accurate to say one of those is TRUTH, even though no one knows it. You keep trying to confuse the concept of "truth" with "facts". It can mean a "known truth" but it can also mean " something that actually exists; reality; truth".  Fact is a truth that can be proven. It isn't JUST a "truth". I think that's the whole pivotal problem with your efforts. You're trying to pretend that the words "fact" and "truth" are automatically interchangeable. They aren't. While facts are truth, the other way doesn't hold true. A truth doesn't become "fact" until it is proven. For one this doesn't matter, and two...see above.   Be more explicit in what you're asking. I'm talking about what I read in your statements. I don't know what you are attacking in Simone's statements, nor am I defending them. I am saying YOUR statements were wrong.WHAT!? This whole thing started because of Simone. Don't try arguing when you don't even know why you doing so...geeze. This certainly explains a lot though.
Gays come into equation because they were discriminated against and thought of as "filthy" by christians. And what does that have to do with anything we were talkign about.
It's not "begging the question". If I wanted to prove I have a car, I would point to the car to prove that. If I wanted to prove that I had a job, I could take you to my place of work to prove that.  You're getting to damn existential for this conversation to make any sense. You're complaining about proving that proof exists "without using the proof"?  That's akin to demanding that I prove the existence of a chair without pointing to that chair. I think you've lost all track of reality with that response of yours above.  Why should I not point to the "proof" I say exists in order to prove it exists??? I don't get that... You obviously don't deal with philosophy books too often. The idea that everything has some bit of faith is not a foreign one....it requires an understand that you really can't prove anything for sure.  But if you can't SHOW that it actually exists, how can it be a "fact"? It's like trying to prove the existence of a unicorn without pointing to a unicorn. To prove it exists, you need to prove it exists. Doesn't matter if you can show it or not...I don't see that as part of the definition. showing something exists is not required for it to actually exist. Its that whole "does the tree make a sound if no one is there to hear it". Yes it does.   For one, it DOES matter. Or should I just say that none of your arguments matter, and that you should see the above. Great way to ignore the meat of my argument...the meat of the matter is actually that Simone is using a faith.   YOUR "whole thing" may have started with Simone. My "thing" started when I read one of your statements.  I know why I am arguing. I am arguing against your statements. Don't try to pretend that I need to defend Simone's arguments. I don't. then this argument is over....if you aren't on the topic of abortion (Simone was) then why am I even bothering.   If you can show a context where my comments don't refute your statements, that would be relevant. But blindly demanding I defend Simone's statements is nonsensical. I don't need to.And I don't need to respond to an off topic discussion.   When Matthew replies to a variety of the articles he does, do YOU have to defend the person he is talking to in order to criticize his remarks? No? Get it?No, but atleast state remotely on topic. Dang. This whole time I was under the impression that you were defending Simones "science" and you aren't. In fact, it was a basis for a majority of my comments. Do you not agree that it is a pointless debate when the two parties involved differ on what they think the argument is about?
:xbanghead  Werent we just talking about christian discrimination?  no, we weren't. I stated that scientists believed blacks to be less of a person that white (ie, proven in science) and then you said "christian scientists" and I said "no, just scienctists" and then you replied with "May i remind you that the christians are the ones that discriminated against blacks and gays." which made no sense and now you are trying to claim that disrimination done by christians was the topic the whole time.  Not even close.
Huh? Read that over again. It is clear to me that it is relevant if Christians discriminate against gays, then they will not hesitate to discriminate against blacks. Or, that their history suggests that.  Relevant to what? We were never talking about Christians to begin with...we were talking about scientists. Seems you need to read it over again.
Yeah, I'll bet you just devour those "philosophy books." You two seem hopelessly entangled.  First. Science does not prove anything and never purports to.   It is merely is a tool for demonstrating some belief about the natural world with objective and mutually agreed upon evidence to the extent that this is possible given the limits to which we are capable of understanding that natural world. The limits are due to whatever tools we are using and the capacity of the human mind.   If you can't agree that existence exists or if that the color we all call red is red, you can't even have a discussion. There is a baseline of reasonable assumptions that both sides can agree upon.   The difference, as I see it, between the belief in a scientific statement and belief based on faith is that the former is based on evidence and is completely open to modification if new evidence is presented.   A belief based upon faith requires no evidence whatsoever and it utterly unshakeable despite any evidence that does exist that might constradict it.   If you feel faith in God, for example, is indeed based upon evidence, then you should present that evidence.  I agree with you here, but your stance admits a bit of faith which has been my point the entire time. The idea of "evidence" and what not are based on the faith you described. Because of this it makes no sense for me to try and prove a God in terms of another entity based on a faith. It would be like me telling you to prove science using the Bible or Koran or something.   In the end, don't think for a minute that you are absolutly right because you got "science" on your side. Science has been wrong before and will be wrong in the future but you have faith in science which is fine...go with that.
[QUOTE=foundit66;238388]If you're talking about "science", then you're just plain wrong. I realize you won't admit that, and I also see that nobody else is in the same boat as you trying to pretend what you are, so I'll leave it at that.[/qoute] No, I am talking about simones posts..keep up.  To try and denigrate science as a "faith" is nonsensical.yet "thelmoose" all but said that and you referred to him....is their no faith in science or is their faith?  Looking at your statements, I see virtually nothing actually talking about abortion anymore. The fact that you want to drop this with me is not surprising...yeah, because you can't keep on topic.  Like I said. If you can point to some CONTEXT whereby I was misunderstanding your statements due to CONTEXT, then it is important.  If you are making sweeping generalizations about science being a faith, and not isolating your comments within a specific CONTEXT, then no. I don't agree. I just did show you...this whole conversation is based on Simone saying her stance is based on "science" and yet it was not.  You were arguing that science takes faith. I disproved that with the definition of faith. A firm belief in something for which there is NO proof. Thats not what a faith is but if it floats your boat go with it.  You tried to obfuscate that issue by ignoring the word PROOF, and focus on the meaning of "facts". Science HAS proof. Whether or not you want to "believe" it, it has objective proof that can be independently verified. Faith does not. Proof. What is proof? You established what a real "proof" is? Hmm, seems you have faith that proof really is proof.   And now you're trying to derive significance from your misinterpretation about how I was supposedly doing something I never even hinted at? If you think your own failure to recognize that I was not doing something I never hinted at made you incapable of debating this topic, then that's your own opinion. I think I did fine on my end.You hinted at it by responding to a post not directed towards you. What other context do you think I could take it?
You should be sterilized , the risk is worth it in your circumstances for your own peiece of mind.
Yep I am aware of the risk. I had a tubal 26 plus years ago after my youngest son was born, I did not behave and had some complications due to having three small kids at home . Lifting and running up and down stairs with the babies put me back in the hospital after surgery with a hemorage.  I tested fertile for over ten years , but never actually had another pregnancy .:) I look forward to one day raising any further children God decreed for me under his watch.    And FYI somnolence the procedure is much better now, less invasive and more full proof. In your circumstances I believe its warranted to have it done. Also because we're females a inbalance in our hormonal levels can contribute to some of the problems your having as you described in your original post. See if you can't get them to evaluate your hormone levels and take corrective measures if needed in conjunction with this surgery. You never know it might help.  I'd also suggest some research for you on the following site  http://www.doctoryourself.com  a excellent site for holistic healing. Its brought many peoples problems out of what if into a healing coarse through holistic means.  Found it 66   Make no mistake I am not attempting to argue with you. You can continue to have your own opinion and state it where ever you choose.  However be forwarned that I am entitled to the same options and I assure any that read this there is one true God who sent his son Jesus Christ to save mankind , so that we might one day be reconciled to the almighty God.  I assure you I have had contact with God through his Holy Spirit and angels , as well as the other side and know that demons and satan are real too.   So won't that be nice found it 66 ? You'll offer one point of view and have me to counter for the other point of view.  That after all is what forums are for.
Science has been wrong before and will be wrong again. Why? Because we can prove it. It is based on evidence, not faith. Basically, you disproved the point you have been trying to make with this post. Religion cannot be proven either right or wrong because it isn't based on evidence, just faith. And faith doesn't require anything but belief. I can call the sun a God all day long, but it doesn't change the fact that it is a star. Which can be proven. Does this make sense yet?  haha, so evidence huh? Is your understanding of the evidence correct or is it based on faith? You might say you use "logic and reason". Well is your "logic and reason" really logically and reasonable or do you have faith that it is?  Seems critical thinking is not a strong point on these forums.
The major flaw in the pro-choice camp is that pro-choice is based on selfishness. emoticon_xgood
The complete disregard for a woman's unique, individual circumstances; the current climate towards single mothers; the lack of resources for woman who find themselves pregnant and don't want to be; the blanket labeling of women who desire abortions as 'selfish'; the desire to legislate morality for the masses; the selfish need to get involved intimately in the life of someone you will most likely never meet or be in a position to help; the pervasiveness of religion in the issue; and...oh, I think that's most of it. :)  I believe much of this is the extreme end of things, and that most pro-lifers don't think this way at all. FWIW. Just like most extreme perceptions about the pro-choice movement by pro-lifers is probably really extremist elements rather than the movement at large. I have no problem with the pervasiveness of religion in the issue--religion is at work with both sides.
Yes, they are extreme, but isn't it all true?  I'd say it's only true for the more extreme fringe elements of the pro-life movement. Most pro-lifers don't see things that way--certainly not the ones I've been around. Believe it or not, most pro-lifers are very reasonable, caring people who really don't hate women and really do take them into consideration. They just have a different view than you do.  I can guess that what you might be getting at is that prolifers are more focused on the baby.  Yes, but that doesn't mean they aren't at ALL focused on the woman as well.  I also would like to hear how religion is at work in the prochoice side. Again, I'll take a stab and say that perhaps it's a 'tool' to show the unfairness of the debate such as Aivlis said; and the prochoice side touts this as "unfair". Or something. Like that.  I've seen pro-choicers argue from the standpoint that their view is the more religious. That it's the 'christian' way of doing things. So both sides invoke religion.
If those are the "extreme" sides of the pro life viewpoint, then what are the "middle of the road" elements of the pro life viewpoint?  I consider myself a centrist pro-lifer. My views are that abortion should be legal in cases of rape or incest, and I have less concern with it early in the pregnancy, such as the 1st trimester. But am definitely against it after that. I can confidently say the things you listed aren't the way I believe, and aren't the way most anyone I know believes that's pro-life. I also think more effort should be made to help mothers who choose to have their baby than is given, particularly single women. Some in the PL movement haven't always been very good in this way. I think the pro-choice movement sometimes portrays prolifers the way you described--in the most extreme picture as possible. But it's not usually that way from what I've seen. BOTH sides have done too much smearing propaganda at times, and it has polarized things a lot.  Sure they are focused on the mother...just not in what I call a positive, empathatic, caring way.  Many times they are empathetic to the mother too--they just don't compromise by agreeing the baby should be killed. I know a guy who runs a counselling service that helps mothers find a way to avoid abortions. They go to great lengths to help mothers support the baby whether that adoption or raising it. This is an example of pro-lifers giving support to the mother. The oft-used pro-choice generalization that "pro-lifers don't care about women" is a generalization. Many do. They can care about women and still believe it is wrong to kill a baby.  I have never, ever seen, heard or written anything like this in my years of interest on this subject. That doesn't mean it's not out there, of course, just that it's not a well worn rug.  I surely don't think you mean to compare the usage of religion as a focal point in both "camps" as equal. Pro lifers most certainly invoke religion in their campaign against abortion much more often than prochoicers.  I've heard the arguments, but no I'm not saying they are equal in terms of frequency of use. Nevertheless, there's nothing wrong with religion being a defining force behind one's views. Religion, at the end of the day, is simply ideology. And ideology is usually behind anyone's views. When religious people argue their points because of their religion, it's just ideologically-driven debate--that's what everyone does. We ALL argue because of whatever ideology we have, religious or not. At the end of the day it all goes back to people's personal moral views, and whether that's influenced by religion or not shouldn't matter. Everyone has their reasons for their views.
I'd be curious to hear how a pro-choice Christian defines going against belief system dogma and reconciling that opinion as religious.  It's very simple--many pro-choicers beleive the way they do because they feel it is the most empathetic and compassionate way to be for the mother and for women. Those doing so that are religious sometimes argue that that compassion is consistent with Christian belief as taught by Christ. Therefore their religion is, to some degree, behind it.  I think there are some serious holes in that thinking, but nevertheless I've heard that way of thinking before. Believe it or not, sometimes religion is what opposes belief system dogma.
Frankly, I think that Jesus doesn't care what women decide about abortion.  Simone, what makes you think that Jesus doesn't care about what women decide about abortion? emoticon_confused
Could you be specific about what you, as a "centered" pro-lifer, would like to see legislation-wise in regards to first trimester abortions?  I'd be content with abortion law that allows it early in the pregnancy, but makes it illegal in the 2nd or 3rd trimester. In some ways, that would be a compromise for all.  It does appear however that the more extreme prolifer arguments get the attention. Same w/ prochoice. Squeaky wheel... And my original assertions-- such as the desire to legislate morality for the masses; the selfish need to get involved intimately in the life of someone you will most likely never meet or be in a position to help-- still stand because these are the results of the prolife mvt as a whole. If you do not wish to legislate your morality to the masses, and if you think it is wrong to get intimately involved on such a personal level in a strangers' life, then your position needs reconsidered b/c this is ultimately what happens.  But the pro-choice side also legislates it's morality to making it legal to kill the inborn baby. Roe v Wade was a legislation of morality--a morality that says women should be able to kill their unborn babies.  I don't think there is enough empathy and care for the woman if you are circumventing her options, opinions, and wishes by telling her she must carry a pregnancy to term.  That's impossible, unless the woman is physically restrained. No one can truly take away anyone's ability to do what they want (even if it's illegal). The goal of the pro-life movement is stop abortions. The end goal is not to make abortion illegal, though making it illegal is the means they seek to real their goal. The logic is straightforward: if our goal was to, say, stop homicides, we wouldn't do so by making homocide legal. The same applies to abortion.   Frankly, you're arguing that it should be legal to kill a baby just so a mother can avoid discomfort. I agree women should be given care and empathy, but not at the expense of killing someone, which is where your logic goes. I think there needs to be BOTH--save the baby AND help the mother. The idea that the two should be mutually exclusive from one another, juxtaposed, is a terribly wrong idea.  Of course there is nothing wrong w/ religion being a defining force behind someone's views. Or lack of religion. Whatever your ideology is you base your decisions on, that's fine and grand. However, there is something wrong when someone uses only their religious/ideology views, which are not shared by all, to legislate morality to everyone.  I disagree. Everyone who votes, supports candidates, supports any given law, etc. is, in essence, trying to get their morality legislated. It's the way our system works. Everytime someone supports a law based on their personal beliefs and ideology, they are trying to see their morality legislated. Everyone does this based on ideology--I see no reason why religious people should not be allowed to do this when everyone else does it.
No, But He did say:"You shall not murder"
Exactly! If Christ is not the center of your life, then all of the other points make no sense.
Of course many pro-life religious people also draw their conclusions about abortion from logic as well. Rational arguments can be made for both sides, which is one reason abortion is such a polarized debate.  This isn't a religion versus reason issue. It's one-side's reasons versus the other-side's-reasons. Religion happens to fit one side more than the other, IMO because religion tends to put a high value on the sanctity of life.
If we did this, and changed alot of other things, like abortions are done in a hospital, covered by insurance, plenty of counseling before and after, then we could strike a compromise.  Counseling is fine, and often goes on already. Doing abortions in hospitals would never fly because of the widespread view in society that it ends life and prevents someone from growing up. (and it does.) Insurance depends a lot of business issues, unfortunately.  No, the prochoice sides gives you the option to choose your morality.  ??? The ability to choose one's morality is there no matter which side one is on. It's impossible to take away peoples' moral views.  I really want to listen to what you have to say, especially when I see that you are not against first trimester abortions (in the legal sense, at least) but when I read "you're arguing that it should be legal to kill a baby just so a mother can avoid discomfort" I automatically shut down. Baby is not accurate.    Well, sorry, but I have no interest in using only purely clinical terms to describe a fetus. (Though sometimes I use "fetus" as well.) If it's not accurate, then you need to tell that to every OB/GYN doctor that tells a hopeful mother that her "baby is fine". There's a reason they don't use the term "fetus"; because it's clinical and cold. There is basically no diffence in the development of a premature baby between the moment before it exits the birth canal and the moment after. It doesn't just then magically become a baby. (and that's why many people use the concept if viability-outside-the-womb as the point in the pregnancy where they feel abortion shouldn't be done.) I think many in the pro-choice movement prefer clinical terminology because it offers a certain disconnectedness. If it's called a "baby" then the risk is run of actually thinking of it in a personal way. IMO, using only clinical terminology is a coward's way out. If you are going to believe that abortion should be legal, then I say have the balls to face up to what you're really doing: killing a baby--someone that, if allowed to live, would grow into a todler, a child, an adolescent, and an adult. That may tick you off, but it's what I believe so take it or leave it. I'm not against you using the term "fetus", but don't chastise me for calling it a baby either.  On the flipside, too many in the pro-life movement prefer to be disconnected from the issues the mother is facing. I think consideration for both the baby AND the mother is the best way. I think a lot more mothers would carry their baby to term if they know they had the support they needed, and/or the ability to know they they could give their baby up. In that sense, the pro-life goals of saving lives would be helped by actually giving more support to mothers.  Ending someone's career aspirations or ruining someone's life is not discomfort. (Here's where someone pipes in and says "kids or being pregnant don't ruin someone's life" and I say, tell that to my mother who told me that repeatedly and i'm sure i'm not alone here.)  I agree with you that it may ruin a career or ruin someone's life. I just don't think that's a good reason to not allow a baby (or fetus if you prefer) to live. It's still a death sentence.
No, the prochoice sides gives you the option to choose your morality. The pro-life side decides that for you. This is true which is why the pro-life side is more consistent. If you felt I should be able to choose my own morality then me saying all white people should be slaves for 100 years should be ok with you. I also believe that theft should be legal for anyone making under $25,000 (we will just say poor folks). How about that morality? Can I choose that without punishment?  <note: this is not a morality I would like to take..just making a point<
Laws should not be about morality. Laws against slavery and theft have to do with individual rights and not doing harm.  It is true that abortion does harm - but the arguing point is whether that harm is worse than the harm of a pregnant woman not having options and also whether the fetus or the mother has greater rights.  emoticon_confused  Laws by nature are about morality.
I'll comment on Jitobears post since someone quoted it for me.  She said laws should not be about morality and then turns around and says a law should do no harm (a moral stance). Not harming others is a moral code so I am not sure why there has to be an inconsistent thought.  As for who has greater rights...why can't it be equal rights? I believe the fetus and mother have an equal rights structure. The question becomes what right is at the top?
Equal rights do not allow one to live physically attached to another. None have that right.  aside from they fact that you don't set rights...the right to live is probably a right you and I agree on. So regardless of an attachment or not, this right would be the on in question.
Because they do not have equal needs. And if the needs of the fetus (basically being where it is and taken care of by the mother) impede the woman to meet her needs, somebody has to come first - and that is where you have to determine who has greater rights. At this juncture the law recognizes that the mother does and I agree with that.  The key word there however, is "needs." Does the discomfort and inconveniece qualify as not having one's needs met? I think in most cases it does not. In this day and time it is mostly rare for pregnancies to be truly threatening to a mother's health. The best thing is for society to step up and support mothers so that they can comfortably carry their babies to term without the hardship of having to lose their careers or quality of life in doing so. The worst thing to do however, is to kill the baby. There are cases where women truly DO have the meeting of their needs threatened, but most of the time the abortion debate is about killing versus lack-of-convenience/comfort. And that's what the pro-life movement has the biggest problem with. If it were truly about needs, I might be more inclined to agree with you, but abortion law doesn't take that into account at all.
A right to live, certainly. A right to live physically attached to someone, no. Your right to live ends where I begin. Equal rights would not allow the fetus to live attached to the woman.  But by killing the baby, you've taken away BOTH--their possible right to live attached, AND their right to live unattached. Remember, abortion law allows for the legal killing of babies that could live outside the womb as well.
You're stating termination of an undesired conception or probability of is subject to your moral definition of killing a human being and rationalizing that moral decision by blaming society for being remiss in not taking responsibility for the results of all unwanted conceptions.   Absolutely. If society stepped up and gave women the help they need, it would not only help the baby, but it would help the woman as well.   To me that means you feel a woman should have no choice in the matter, but because you can't offer a solution acceptable to individuals without the ability for or desire of bearing the responsibility of taking a conception to term and adulthood, your opinion is theory, not reality in your lifetime. On what platform do you actually base your pro-life opinion?  There are many things that are not reality but it doesn't mean we shouldn't strive toward it. Ending world hunger isn't a likely reality either but we don't cease efforts to end it on the basis that the opinion it can be acheived soon is "theory, not reality in your lifetime."  The issue isn't choice; it's that abortion is bad. Even many pro-choice people believe that abortion is bad and would prefer women have less of them. I have a lot less problem with abortion early on in the pregnancy (1st trimester) but after that there is much greater chance of viability of the baby outside the womb.
Indeed it is. You seem to think that a pregnant's woman's needs are pretty minimal. Not dieing - maybe good health. Is that all you need?  How is being comfortable a "need"? I'm talking about abortion for convenience/comfort.  I AGREE and have been advocating as much since forever. But society has not done this - if they had I don't believe abortion would be nearly as prevalant.  That's a poor reason to not strive toward getting society to do so.  Wow - that's pretty arrogant since the above remains a gap and you can not possibly know the circumstances of every woman out there.  I'm not talking about every circumstance. I already told you, I'm ok with early term abortions, and in cases where the life and health of the mother is at stake.  They are about needs. Its just that so many lifers see pregnant women as either pregnant or dead - there is no other reality in their life that really needs to be considered.  I agree--many lifers do that, just as so many choicers see an unborn baby as just tissue rather than something with real value. Both sides could stand to learn.
What I am questioning is the idea that being comfortable is the reason why women choose abortion. It's absolutely degrading. Women choose abortion for health reasons, emotions reasons, financial reasons, becuase they are in an abusive relationship, the middle of college, they are 13 years old, they were raped, they are on meds they can't go off of, job security, no money to sustain a pregnancy, they are alone, they are scared - a MILLION reasons. If you think all of those things are a matter of "comfort/convenience" you have damned bleak esteem for women.  Regardless, the law would allow a woman to abort her baby for any reason, even if it didn't fall under any of those reasons you give, and even if it were for the absolute most trite reasons. It may be that most women don't have abortions for discomfort, but that's beside the point in terms of what the law allows.  How we see the fetus is irrelevant. We grant choice to the MOTHER - what we think is moot.  Phrases like "How we see the fetus is irrelevant" are exactly what I'm talking about. There are some very good reasons for the pro-choice movement making the effort to acknowledge the value of the life of the fetus. For one, it would go a long ways toward making your movement look less draconian to those of us who see such elements there. (and believe me, there are MANY of us.) If anything, it would be better PR. Another reason is that by doing so, you'd be taking the moral highground by stepping out and valuing both the mother AND making an effort to value the life of unborn babies. No one is saying you have to abandon your views of how important women are in order to show some understanding of the value of life. And frankly, it just seems to me that it would simply be a benevolent thing to do. Understand that I also think pro-lifers should also make more effort in this way to value women and mothers and to understand their feelings.
There is not enough counseling. Before my abortion the conseling consisted of watching a 2 minute video on the procedure. There's more done for you when your tonsils are removed. I suspect that if there was more comprehensive counseling available then you'd see abortion rates diminish. Really talk to women, find out why they are getting an abortion. Educate them, show them their options. Have them talk to other women. This would all be optional, of course. But readily available.  I have no problem with that. But since abortion clinics are the ones that would give this, and since they are typically tied to the pro-choice movement, you need to take that up with the clinics and the pro-choice movement to pressure them to do so. These clinics are mostly business ventures, not free public service providers.  Abortions are surgical. They can have major complications. Anesthesia is involved. They should be done in a hospital, no matter what the perception is.   There may be sound reasons for abortions to be a hospital-based procedure, but the fact it's often surgical isn't one of them. Surgery is not limited to hospitals--there are many specialty clinics that perform many types of surgeries, and are well-equipped to handle complications. And regardless, some hospitals indeed do abortions. Hospitals are business ventures (mostly anyway--the ones that aren't are non-profit but unafiliated with govt.), and they have their own say in what procedures they offer.   Since abortions are legal, let's make sure women get the best care and have the best resources available. This is surely at a hospital.  Again, some hospitals offer abortions. But you'd have to address other hospitals on a case-by-case basis to convince them to offer them because they decide their own procedures.  What's a "trite" reason? Something about vanity? Like, "I don't want stretch marks"? Yeah, this may be a ridiculous reason, but maybe she's a model and makes her living modeling...who am i to decide what's reasonable or not? Can anyone find stats on the reasons women have abortions?   Either way, the law allows for abortions for even the most trivial reasons. In fact, it would allow abortion for no reason at all.  I've looked several times but haven't found much. Thanks... Let's not forget that jyoshu said he's not opposed to early term abortions. I think this is quite phenomenal!  What's the big deal? Pro-lifers come in varying degrees. The view that abortion shouldn't be done after the 1st trimester is pretty common.
Your personal moral position aside and in particular the fact you're not a woman facing the responsibility of pregnancy, giving birth and 18-years of parental responsibility, why shouldn't it?  Let me restate your question... "leaving your view of right and wrong makes makes up many of our laws and reasons for doing things...why should abortion become illegal?"  why should murder be illegal? Theft? assault? It comes down to someone thinking something is wrong.
Your personal moral position aside and in particular the fact you're not a woman facing the responsibility of pregnancy, giving birth and 18-years of parental responsibility, why shouldn't it?  If being pregnant is criteria for debating about abortion, that pretty much leave you out too, George. Why shouldn't you what?? Have an abortion for absolutely no reason?   How is not having to pee every five minutes because your bladder is quished by your pregnancy, especially when you are at work, not a need? How is not vomiting your guts out for the first three months not a need? How is getting so constipated by your bowel's constriction that you are in constant pain not a need? How about one's inability to keep one's balance at very necessary time when one is trying to cllimb a stairs or negotiate other difficult terrain not a need?  No, those aren't needs, IMO. Those are mostly you making the discomfort of pregnancy out in the worst possible light.  I'm sorry, but I've seen XXXX that would show what real needs are, and people in the US typically have it just fine. Try being in a country where a bleeding miscarriage is a death sentance. So, sorry if I don't feel too sorry for you.  Are you willing to stand by to step every time a pregnant woman must leave for a few minutes to urinate? Are you there to hold a barfing bag for her and feed her soda crackers to calm her stomach? Are you there on the spot to help a pregnant woman up and down stairs?  I've caught my wife's barf in my hands, stayed up all night with her, through the whole thing. I consider all those things you mention as not going far enough. Yes, she's the one going through it, but it doesn't mean I can't have an opinion. So, the self-righteous approach you're taking isn't working. Just be glad she's not the one debating you on this--she's a heck more pro-life than I am.  What's most telling is that you apparently think there is some litmus test of having gone through pregnancy for what I'm saying to matter. That's arrogance--nothing less.
I agree. I've always taken the position that abortion should be a woman's choice. Men taking the position of barring or limiting abortion and pursuing legislation to do so makes absolutely no sense. I have yet to read one post by a pro-lifer, even those with somewhat modified views, that puts the woman first in all circumstances and makes it her sole decision, regardless of moral claims by men. That's truly dark ages mentality with zero consideration for the woman.  Wow, so you think only people who have had abortions should debate about it?? Do you also think that only people who are on death row should debate the death penalty? Should only gun owners have an opinion on gun control?  The reason you don't find pro-lifers putting the woman first in ALL things is that it's not about just the woman. It's also about the baby growing inside of her. I'd had to think I didn't consider the baby as well. Dark ages mentality would be completely ignoring one or the other (the mother or the baby) without taking both into some degree of consideration, and there are people on both sides of the issue that do that. You are a good example because you basically give NO consideration toward the value of the life of the baby whatsoever.
Like I said in another thread, the argument I hear most often from so-called "pro-choicers" is that you cannot legislate morality. Well then what CAN you legislate? Every law in existence is legislation of morality! By that way of thinking, then we should have no laws. If someone kidnaps and murders your 3-year-old child, then let's hope the murderer goes free because we cannot legislate morality!
As long as a topic is still open, anyone can respond at any time.
That's a nifty bit of sophistry, Paula. Hey, next time you're talking with the big guy could you ask him why he takes innocent infants who haven't had any time to sin or learn not to sin. Gives them a perfectly good soul and then takes it back for reasons beyond me. Thanks.
sinjin  But my study and prayer tells me that babies born who live only a short while , may have been saved from worse fates that awaited them had they lived longer.As opposed to being denied the joys that most of us experience in life. Convenient.   http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/sophistry
It is impossible for mankind to alter God's plan. That would make man more powerful than God. Everything that happens is part of God's plan, which is why it is so difficult for me to believe in God. Why would God create man, give them free will, then punish those who actually exercise their free will and choose not to believe in God?Maybe He doesn't punish them.
I'm just going by what Christians have told me. Apparently, people who don't believe in God go to Hell.They've got it backwards. Don't tell them but they have the "old plan".emoticon_xgood
This is all well and good but if God told you that " If man can create it , it is not from God." then lets go with that. The Bible says numerous times that God "forms" you in the womb.   Or if you want to look at human life as a continuum then just see that God created Adam and there you go.  Perhaps He was telling you that man created abortion ;)  God spoke to her not you. Not nice to second guess God. Or are you suggesting?????????
sinjin  what does the word sophistry mean? Its not in my websters dictonary. Certianly mine is at least 40 years old , so is that a new word?  In answer to your question sin jin.  God just as he answered me simply above , does not always explain in detail his ways to mankind.  But my study and prayer tells me that babies born who live only a short while , may have been saved from worse fates that awaited them had they lived longer.  They may indeed be the lucky ones who were so loved by God he craved to have them walk the earth only a short while to be counted among men, he knew thier souls were not in need of years of learning many of us must do on earth to evolve into who we become .  They were simple , beautiful souls who did not reguire the rigors of the world to perfect them.  hope that helps.   My god, you're almost as bad as EZ.
Dr. No   I happen to believe that no body is going to hell.  Most everybody will be ressurected that ever lived to live during the 1000 year reign of Jesus on the earth.  Where they will be taught God's ways.  After the 1000 years is up Satan will be loosed a short while to decieve people again and the bible say the number that fall away then will be as the sands of the seas - uncountable.  Those that fall away then will be destroyed and thier name remembered no more  Satan? Are you kidding? You have been playing way too any video games, Satan doesn't exist. Satan was created by the catholic church to gain power over people. To scare them into being christian, but it certainly is not near reality.
 Hey shooter and proud , at the Risk of sounding like a nut , on the net. I will attest and confirm to you that the devil does exsist.  I've seen a angel maybe twice in my life . Its a scary event.  Thats what happens when you take drugs.  And I've been unhappy about being confronted by demons a few times.  Ok, you'd need to take a lot of hallucigens to start seeing demons talking to you.   Its worse in some ways than seeing a angel, because the human mind becomes frightened and takes a moment to grasp what is confronting it.  Yea, i would be a bit freaked if some demon dude confronted me too.  Now I know that sounds crazy , and I assure you that is what the demons want you to think. They try hard to make sure most of the world think they are a fable, But I attest to the fact they are real, and roam the earth in legions , much like a army to plague the people.  I don't think you were crazy, I just think you were hopped up on something, maybe without even realizing it, when you had these hallucinations.  God has given us the tools we need to make them go away, however till Jesus return this world really belongs to thier master Satan and they make trouble and indeed kill people almost as they please.  Why would God allow this to happen?  No I am not a nut, just a faith ful servant of the one true God and his son Jesus Christ. Don't know for sure , but believe they ( Satan and his demons) always take a shot or two at people like me, till they find out even should they be able to kill our body , our soul will leave it loyal and in worship of God.  There are many things that can cause hallucinations. A long time ago in Massachusetts bay colony, they used to eat rye bread. Unfortunately, something happens when a certain grain rotts, and it becomes a hallucigent. Thats why a lot of people started seeing witches and magic and all that weird stuff.  Then they seem to give it up. But they seem to be given leave to tempt us and frighten us till its proven we won't switch sides. But again thats just my opinion and life expierence.  We've all had ours. Although, I would urge you to see a physician or psycologist.  Hey shooter and proud , what are you shooting? Doing any bow hunting in your neck of the woods as its bow season here?  I like targets and skeet, but I do hunt when in season. Yes, sometimes with a bow. Sometimes with guns. Depens on season, etc.
Okay guys , hah , hah funny.  I assure you I meant every word I said.  Insinuating I am on drugs is silly because you don't know me.  Now you've had your laugh , know that I hope you never encounter a demon in your life. I also hope if you do , you are smart enough to know it when you meet it , other wise it will go bad for you.  But your right this is off topic for this discussion.  Who's laughing?
Who's laughing?  Why is it that religious people see these demons and angels and such, and non-religious people do not?
I dunno, Thelmoose. Why?
I dunno, Thelmoose. Why?  I dunno, I was asking. Perhaps the hypersuggestability of the hyperreligious?
I stick to the hallucigen theory. Religious people see what they want to see. Non religious people see little purple men floating around when they're all hopped up. If they don't believe in it, I doubt they will see it.
This is ridiculous. Do you actually think everyone who has seen a religious vision was on drugs of some sort? What about cases where multiple persons saw the same thing at the same time? How does that not bust your theory?  If you know of many people who are credible and have seen a "vision" at one time then let me know. No, the bible doesn't count.  Trust me, a lot of people hallucinate. I can be from a mental disorder to stress to drug abuse. There are just too many possibilities on how someone saw the vision to convince me it was real.
Believe me, it happens. I can think of two instances of this without even thinking about it ...  There's a semi-annual event in Palestine where literally thousands of people see candles spontaneously light around the easter season ... I think it's called the miracle of the holy fire or something like that.  And then there's the event with Nate Saint and his fellow missionaries where he and natives that were killing them all saw the same angelic vision at once back in the 50s.    So now you've broadened your reasons to include not just drugs but mental disorder. When you're talking about many people seeing the same thing at once, there comes a point where those explanations are about as silly as the claim that it was supernatural. When it's all said and done, your argument is basically nothing more than "I don't believe it because I haven't seen it."I don't believe you, sorry. I wouldn't believe if I saw for myself. You choose to believe without seeing, I assume. I'm comfortable believing that such things do not happen as they are impossible. They are impossible because the spirit world does not exist. Prove me wrong. Btw I believed this at 18, 24, 30, 36, 42 and today.
You just said that if you saw it with your own eyes yourself you wouldn't believe it. (which pretty much says it all, I think.) That being the case, how is it possible for anyone to prove this to you? If NO evidence will suffice to you, then what's the point of giving you proof?People can be fooled, including myself. I said I wouldn't believe my own eyes for this reason. What I might see does not in and of itself constitute proof. I don't know what would constitute proof but I'm open to analyzing supposed proof. What have you got? Something more than "Believe me" I hope. Really now.
- wvpeach1963, doesn't that raise some confusing questions about souls though if some are getting a 'free pass'? If my actions generate sin that is passed onto my soul doesn't this imply that there is some similarity between the person I think I am (my mind), and my soul? In that case wouldn't the same be true for a fetus, or especially an embryo which has yet to develop a brain in which the mind can reside, so their souls would be totally different from mine.   If not, then don't I actually die at the end of life and something that is totally different from me ends up in heaven or reborn at the end of the world? If this seperate thing then gets a chance of its own to prove itself then, why should what I do bother it or me at all? I'm not saying this entitles me to go out a-murderin', but it seems to imply that for the thinking part of me religion is irrelevant.
It has come to my attention that shooter and proud is a very young person. While I am willing to have discussion with a young person on topics they know nothing about to a point . I am not willing to take seriously a high schoolers opinion on much.  Do not use this excuse to back down. I know plenty, maybe even more than you on this matter, and am perfectly capable of debating in a mature fashion. If you are trying to back down, then technically I won the debate.   Certainly shooter and proud you show yourself ignorant of God and the bible.  And, even though you are of older age, are completely ignorant to the meanings of life.  Yet you are young and hopefully that will change in your life as will many of your opinions on life.  Maybe I will, maybe I won't. Im not an atheist, but this is not important at the moment.  Believe me the 24 year old you will look back on the 18 year old you and think boy was I way off base back then.  That is exactly what happened to me. I used to be a conservative catholic. But when I became of older age, I started to realize that none of these babblings make any sense. As I've said before, I am not an atheist, but I keep my mind open to all Ideas, sciences and religions, and are not closed minded as yourself.   My only advice to you in the mean time is to be more open minded to others views and try not to be so argumentaive on topics you know nothing about.  I know plenty about this topic. I took 6 years of catholic religion. I know what I'm talking about. I suggest you keep your mind open to others as well.  The l moose IMHO opinion only you understand . God eguips his children with just what they need to act on his behalf.  So, children are God's slaves?  if I didn't see a demon for what it was I might be at the mercy of that demon and ill eguiped to to put it down.  ...  It also has to do with faith. I certainly never hoped to see a demon, nor do I hope to see one ever again. But God has been kind enough because I asked for it to give me great faith in him and through much study and prayer a knowledge of the bible.  Then how come there are so many people who are muslim who have claimed to see Allah and Mohammed or something? They are no more credible than you.   Unfortunately the unschooled in the ways of God are fertile breeding grounds for demons to take over. Its just that simple.   And so called God fearing believers like you, are what gives the church power to poison more young minds. They can make people so scared to start hallucinating demons. Don't you see? Whats happening to you is what the catholic church wants. Its a power play, nothing more. Its just that simple.
So now you've broadened your reasons to include not just drugs but mental disorder. When you're talking about many people seeing the same thing at once, there comes a point where those explanations are about as silly as the claim that it was supernatural. When it's all said and done, your argument is basically nothing more than "I don't believe it because I haven't seen it."  Your argument is nothing more than "I saw it and its not wrong because no one can prove me wrong!". Oh yea? Well, I believe little fairys make people's hair and nails grow while their sleeping, and I've seen them myself, and no one can prove me wrong!
Well I know for a fact that the tooth fairies exist.  When I was young and losing first teeth I put each under my pillow at night and always they were gone by the morning at a sixpence left in their place.
Well I know for a fact that the tooth fairies exist.  When I was young and losing first teeth I put each under my pillow at night and always they were gone by the morning at a sixpence left in their place.  Exactly. And you're correct because nobody can prove you wrong.
Exactly. And you're correct because nobody can prove you wrong.  My Parents?
My Parents?  What proof do they have?
The difference is that I'm talking about cases where multiple people saw the same thing and attested to it. If you're going to take the stance that even observation is not allowed as evidence (as it seems you have), then there is no point in bothering to consider ANY evidence for anything! Anyone with that mindset is non-convincable purely due to his own close-mindedness.   Sorry for getting off-topic, if you want to continue this, we need to do so on the religion forum.  The reason I'm closed-minded on this matter is because there is not scientific evidence, or even evidence at all for that matter. Would you still believe me if i said multiple people started to see fairys?  All i'm saying is, WVpeach might've had some sort of hallucination, or he might just be some punk behind a computer making stuff up. The problem is, we don't know.
 You are the other hand are a 17-18 year old kid , with no respect for other people. And what makes that worse and makes you look so silly is that you havn't got a clue about what you are talking about.  As someone older than you, I feel his posts make far more sense and show mental reasoning way beyond the norm exhibited by many seemingly elder, mentally stagnated posters on this forum.
If anything created by man is not from God and therefore not good, you better get off that computer and put down that printed bible.
ah , but we do know. It takes a little while for a person to become known through thier writings shooter and proud.  Lets see what do I know about your writings? That you are a frustrated young man. One that feels as if nobody notices you in your real life. So your favorite pass time is stirring bee's nests on cyber space.  Oh, the irony! Notice that I am mostly calm in most of my posts (except when debating EZ). You are completly off about me. I am a young man, fairly calmer and more sane than some people on this board. And, im just sick of people who think they are the emporers of the world and they can force people to do whatever they want.  I previously posted to you shooter and proud that you should be less judgemental of others at least untill you get to know them.  I'm sure if I got to know you I would be fond of you, but getting to know people is irrelivent in this discussion.  You choose to ignore that advice . Okay by me.  I don't feel comfortable taking advice from someone who clams to be seeing demons.  But you again show you lack life expierence to get a clue as to who you are talking to.  I have my opinion, you have yours. Do not try to make it sound like yours is worth more than mine. Its not.  I am not a he  Oops!  I am a she , closer to fifty than forty . With three grown children.  Good for you.  I don't do drugs. I do enjoy good wine.  No harm in that.  t tell lies. I certainly don't see visions.   the other hand are a 17-18 year old kid ,  I'm flattered, but I'm only 14.    You are the other hand are a 17-18 year old kid , with no respect for other people. And what makes that worse and makes you look so silly is that you havn't got a clue about what you are talking about.  And who makes that judgement? I have plenty of friends, old and young, who agree with me and think I know completely what I'm talking about. I think you have no clue what you're talking about, and you think I have no clue what i'm talking about. I refer to my sig, just because you say it is, doesn't make it so. You can go ahead and have your own little judgemental opinions on other people, but it doesn't always make the right. I don't have much respect for lunatics, I do have respect for people that disagree with me. Heck, my history teacher is a raving conservative christian and I am still very fond of him. You need to learn to have a civilized debate and stop taking everything anybody says about you so seriously. From our posts, you don't seem too mature. Calm down, and stop being so judgemental of everyone who disagrees with you.
However Jesus himself gave a stern warning about not taking away from or addding to the bible because he knew men would do exactly that.   Are you talking about the warning in Revelation 22: 18-19? Well - assuming that Jesus actually did reveal this prophecy to the Apostle John and some looney didn't just take too many drugs....  The book of Revelation was written before 100 AD. The Councel of Nicea did not occur until 325 AD - over 200 years later. Would the good lord have made a warning about a book that did not yet exist?  (i.e - the warning was written in regards to Revelation alone.)
 Through prayer and study the Holy Spirit will give one the decerment needed to tell what is of God and what is man made.   This is the interesting part to me. It is funny that the "discernment" one receives always seem to coincide with what one has been taught by others.   Does the Holy Spirit ever suggest to you that at least some of the scriptures are hooey?
Uh huh! shame on you georged for using this boy to back up your own positions. I precieve that you will use anybody to give some legitimacy to your own way of thinking. This child is nothing but a child and you know that. Use him if you must, but you will answer to that .  I don't recall ever using anyone, but I'm not dependent on fairy tales for my thought processes.
Flesh created by man is not from God master shake.  God gave man all the tools to creat many things. Computers and the bible are among them. However Jesus himself gave a stern warning about not taking away from or addding to the bible because he knew men would do exactly that. Through prayer and study the Holy Spirit will give one the decerment needed to tell what is of God and what is man made.  Are you trying to make the arguement that making flesh is the same as making a object like a computer ? If so please go on with that arguement as I am interested.  Making flesh being the providence of God . man having control of the elements in this world making objects I do not understand how you think they are the same , but will listen to your arguement that you claim they are. If by "making flesh" you are referring to creating life, I didn't say anythgina bout that. I simply was responding to you saying that anything from man is not from God and therefore evil.
shooter and proud.  I can go back to your posts in the beginning of this thread and point out the pleaces you say I must be a lunatic or on drugs.  Now are you trying to tell me you think that was a fair assesment on your part considering you don't even know me ?  I tell you I have seen a demon of two occasions. Now at 14 I hope that has not happened to you, but know that I tell you this because if it does I hope you are prepared to fight that . Unprepared people are exactly who the demons can have their way with.  Well, that is your opinion. If I ever do see i demon, trust me, i will inform you. Although I know hundreds of people, many more online, and not one person has seen a demon. A couple who may have seen ghosts, but never demons. Sorry, the concept is just a little too for fetched for me. It would be illogical to thing they exist, but thats just my opinion.     You call your history teacher a raving conservative christian. The word raving meaning you do not respect his beliefs at your young age.  I respect them, I just disagree.     But I can tell you without a doubt shooter and proud you will one day understand that teacher of your sis correct to have a faith in God and his son Jesus. Have no dount you will one day be taught that by Jesus himself and then will you still call your teachers beliefs raving?  Trust me, if i ever see or meet Jesus I am almost positive he will be a liberal lunatic (assuming Jesus was a he). Besides, why do you act as if it is so bad to not share Jesus's opinions?      I'll answer for you. No you won't.  You're not very good at answering questions for people.     You aremuch too young to make such sweeping statements about what you believe. I am trying to be nice here , but believe me at 14 you do not yet have a clue as to what you relaly believe that will change as you age.  Ok, so what if I do change? So what if I don't? How is this relevant to my opinions at this time?       My advice to you is to listen , study what you hear and observe.  Ever since I was about 10 (maybe 11, can't remember that well), I've been reading the newspaper, and following politics closely. I've talked to many intelligent people, liberal and conservative and fell that I am fairly at peace with my opinions, and truly believe they are right. I listened for 4 years, I believe I am ready to speak out without this critizism because of my age.      Sooner rather than later your thoughts on most things in life will change. Its part of growing up and like it or not you are a child shooter and proud.  You will see life differently as you mature into a adult.  I may, I may not. If I open my own buisness, then yes, I probably will turn conservative, at least financiallly. There are many issues in which I still have much to learn, however, I believe I know enough about abortion, gun control, civil rights, religion, evolution, and the death penalty to be debating these topics. I don't know much about the stock market, financial liberalism and conserviativism, and some other areas of politics that don't come to mind at the moment. But, I have studied the subjects listed above closesly and am fairly certain that my opinions are the right ones. IMO, you are no more likely to change than I.
Uh huh! shame on you georged for using this boy to back up your own positions. I precieve that you will use anybody to give some legitimacy to your own way of thinking. This child is nothing but a child and you know that.  Such cheap debating tactics. I know about as much as you on this issue and you know it. It seems that you cannot provide any logical argument to back up your claim. However, this is nothing to cry about and use personal attacks. What age I am is irrelevant. Like they say, attack the post, not the poster. Even if I am a child, I'm a fairly smart one to hold up a debate against you. Either that or some of you people may very well be lunatics.
Flesh created by man is not from God master shake.  God gave man all the tools to creat many things. Computers and the bible are among them. However Jesus himself gave a stern warning about not taking away from or addding to the bible because he knew men would do exactly that. Through prayer and study the Holy Spirit will give one the decerment needed to tell what is of God and what is man made.  Are you trying to make the arguement that making flesh is the same as making a object like a computer ? If so please go on with that arguement as I am interested.  Making flesh being the providence of God . man having control of the elements in this world making objects I do not understand how you think they are the same , but will listen to your arguement that you claim they are.  I would like some evidence to back this up. As I see it, there is no evidence a supernatural entity created flesh or man.
Shooter, on the other hand, I have studied Buddhism and am intrigued by their seeing reality as existing on 6 levels, the levels below animal tend to be demonistic.  Now, if by the oddest chance you encounter a demonic being, please remember that such a being is stupid and angry and you, as a caring human, must set this being on the path to samsara, to encounter wisdom and understanding. Be kind to demons, but be masterful. You are their superior and must never forget that. You also have the power to exorcise them--if you actually believe in them and put your mind to it.  If you do not believe in them, what power does a demon have then?
Personally i don't believe in abortion. It's morally wrong and i think it's good that it's illegal. In my area girls under the age of 16 who fall preganant must have their parents permission before they can abort their baby which i think is a good thing.  Nowadays too many teenagers are getting drunk and having unprotected sex which leads to pregnancy and because they can't be bothered to look after the baby that get abortions. It was their fault in the first place for having unprotected sex so i don't feel sorry for them and they should either keep the baby and deal with the fact that it's their responsibility now or give the baby up for adoption, if they feel they are old enough to have sex then they are old enough to loo after a baby.  Some people don't realise this but it is an actual living thing that you are killing when you have an abortion, how could anyone kill their own child, because they are selfish or just aren't ready for kids, well if you're not ready for kids than you should have used protection.  Now i can fully sympathise with rape victims who end up preganant, it's understandable if they don't want to have a baby by the man who raped them. But it's these silly women who get themselves pregnant then don't want the baby.   To me abortion is murder.
thelmoose, your post was a little nit picky for saying you don't like it when people doing it...I think you went a little overboard but you did make some good points for he/she to think about and I will address those.  We make things illegal because we think doing so will make a better society than if they were legal. This is unrelated to whether we judge them as moral or not. What are the consequences of making abortion illegal?This is not exactly true. We can make laws based on moral judgments...in fact, claiming something is "better for society" is a moral judgment. Even so, a standard for "what is best for society" involves looking at morals and determining how you want to better society. I guess many laws come down to moral claims at the very end.  That is not a very compassionate stance. This is a good point...it wasn't compassionate at all. Playing the blame game is not gonna help the situation.  A fetus is a distinctly different thing than a child. While true I am not sure that this matters. A child is distinctly different from a teenager who is distinctly different from an adult.  Is it murder or isn't it? Is it morally wrong or not?I agree...you can't take the stance of saying compassion will sometimes override a life. If a couple breaks up and the girl is sad you don't say "well.. I have so much compassion for the girl that this justifies me killing the guy". It is inconsistent and takes the focus off preserving a life and makes the focus a punishment (or something) against a woman.
Firstly, i don't know why you're all trying to read in between the lines. I am in my late teens. I am not trying to be compasionate and although i'm not perfect, i can easily decide whether i get pregnant or not. The reason why i say this is because a lot of my friends have got themselves pregnant, yes they GOT themselves pregnant because although it takes two to tango it doesn't take too much effort to go to the chemist. Protection is made so easy these days for young ones, it's practically handed out on a plate and it's very private (parents need not know). But they are so nieve and lazy that they don't bother, they'd rather bury their head in the sand. Honestly, i live next to a city which has the highest teen pregancys in Britain and do you want to know the reason for high sexual activity? Boredom! Yes they're that bored they just go out get drunk and have sex. In Scotland we do get sex education (we even have electricity!), which is very good and it put me off but it still doesn't stop a lot of others who viewed the videos as old fashioned and silly.  As regards my knowledge of childcare i am currently studying it at college and have looked after many children since i was the age of 11. My mother has manic depression and therfore it was me who practically raised my little brother who has ADD and learning difficulties and he was born when i was 11. Not only my Mum heavily relies on me but so do many of my Mothers single parent friends. So please don't undermine me.  Also, i know that teens aren't the only ones that are irrisponsible (unwanted pregnancy) but the only excuse for unwanted pregnancy in my books is if the couple decided not to use drugs as protection and the condom splits/slips. Or, if they get pregnant on the pill which is very rare.  The only thing i do have compassion for are pregnant rape victims. As i simply stated in my other post i still don't condone abortion, i simply understand them wanting to have an abortion.  Ps, No offense to anyone, this isn't directed at anyone but being a mother doesnt automaticaly make you a good mother. I know mothers who let their kids off with murder and i also know mothers who beat their child as discipline but neither of these are the right approach. I know that is easier said than done but i'm just trying to prove a point.
Who would you say is likely to be the better mother, the one that wanted the child or the one that didn't?  Well both could be a good mother because i know a mother who was very certain she didn't want her baby and went for an abortion but was too late on in her pregnancy to have one and then she was going to give himup fpr adoption but as soon as he was born she loved him and couldn't bear to give him up and know she's a great Mum. Being a good mother mainly depends on what you are like with you're child after birth.
So... abortion shouldn't be allowed because these women were irresponsible?  These women were irresponsible enough to have unprotected sex, they should realise that and know that the baby is their responsibility.
shoulda woulda coulda - and I wish I could fly like Superman  you can't force responsibility  I never said that, i just think that it's a bit selfish to kill an unborn baby when you are cabable of looking after it.
Ok, you're a guy (Shooterandproud), I dont mean to sound sexist here but what do you know about womans problems? lol. How are you supposed to know more than me because you're in your early teens (i.e. 2 - 4 years younger than me)? Im only 17. Do you think that our age group never had sex all those 2 - 4 years ago? I'm not saying that teenagers shouldn't have sex, just that it's easy to get the pill, it's FREE! You only need to tell your guidance teacher (at school) and he/she sends you off to the nurse who sends you to the chemist to get the morning after pill and thereafter the daily pill. That's the case here in scotland, yet it has one of the highest teenpregnancy rate citys in Britain.  Yes, I am being hard on some young mothers (still good friends with them though), I simply don't sympathize with laid back mothers who couldn't be bothered having protected sex, not bursting at them or anything. Having an abortion because they couldn't be bothered having protected sex is simply unacceptable.  Ps, Scotland is in the UK, just for your information. Just like New York is in the US
You make a damned big assumption here. What do you know of the capabilities of total strangers?  Pregnancy and children should not be used as punishment for irresponsibility.  And I don't care how much babysitting you have done in your life - at 17 its unlikely you know much about what is really required to support and raise children. Having sex ain't it.  Look, my friends got pregnant because the didn't use contraception and they realised that the baby was their responsibility not anybody elses and wanted to keep their baby. I'm not saying to use children as punishment, i'm simply saying that they need to accept the fact that they had unprotected sex and end up pregnant afterwards, it's no ones fault but theirs and the boy they slept with.  Oh yeah and excuse me but maybe if you had read propely you would have seen that i've done a lot more than babysit, i have raised children, i never got a chance to be a child because i was always looking after others. You shouldn't presume just because i'm 17 that i don't know anyhting about parenting, i have a very big family and a lot of friends with children whom i look after and you obviously didn't read where i said that i also study childcare at college and i also work in a nursery with children with special needs so don't tell me a don't know how to support and raise children, do you know things like what a child needs (yes because you are a mother) but i bet theres certain things you don't know, ask me a question about parenting and i will answer it best i can you've even seen my post about breastfeeding so i must know some things.
Shadowpikachu, i don't need to get my Mum to teach me the birds and the bees i now them already, i meant the girls who knowingly don't use protection and want to GET themselves pregnant.
[QUOTE]From your posts, i get the impression that you underestimate and trivialize pregnancy and the many complications associated with it. But thats just my opinion.   I do NOT underestimate and triviliaze pregnancy, i know exactly how hard pregnancy is, like i said in my reply to jito that i coe from a big family that means a lot of pregnancys and my mother had a complicated pregnancy with my little brother, she had high water retention, it was that bad her waters burst twice! also my brother was born blue and my mother has lost a few babies through miscarriage and stillborn, i know how tough it is during and after pregnancy. Do you know what women feel like when they're pregnant, their whole stomach stretches, their breasts get tender, their bladder gets weak, they don't get a lot of sleep and feel very uncomfortable, they get morning sickness, they have to watch what they eat incase they harm the baby, they can't do many physical activities, there are many problems too many to list but i think i can safely say i know about pregnancy.  Oh and it is easy to get birth control/condoms teens just use excuses and get too embarrassed, i know it's embarrassing i've had to do it myself but i'd rather get embarrassed about that than about getting pregnant or catching an STI.
Shooter, I love you! But, since you're way underage I'll just pat you on the head. From a great distance.  Why do you love him, i take it you're for abortion too??
Wait, didn't you just restate that in a nicer way? The way I read that, is that you want people to take responsibility and have kids, am I incorrect? Doesn't taking responsibility mean punishment sort of?   I don't know why all you people think responsibilty is a form of punishment because in my eyes if something belongs to you, it's your responsibility. If you have a house, is that a form of punishment? No, but it is your responsibility to clean it etc.  If you know the birds and the bees, then why the heck did you say the women get themselves pregnant? It takes two.  WTF? If they want to GET themselves pregnant (which still needs a male), they most likely won't want an abortion so I have no idea what YOU are talking about. What you said in your first post was about "silly women getting themselves pregnant".  By the way, your post here says nothing for women who DO use protection and still become pregnant (the pill and such is NEVER 100% acuurate, sometimes pregnancy happens despite all the precautions)  Also, when "its_just_me" says the woman got themselves pregnant, why do you have to change the subject and be all politically corrrect? You know exactly what she meant! And she knows it takes two to get pregnant as she already stated in one of her other posts: I know it takes two to tango But you're saying that because it's the guys responsibility too (a guy of whom she'll probably never see again after casual sex) that after sex the woman should just moan and winge that it's his fault too and not do anything about it? How stupid is that??? She can easily get the "morning after pill" up to three days after having unprotected sex. There's just no excuse...apart from when the normal pill or the morning after pill doesn't work as you said (which for the morning after pill is something like 25% chance after the 1st day, and then lowers to 50% chance after the 3 or 4th day, so the later you put off taking the morning after pill after sex the more risk there is of becoming pregnant. And for the normal daily pill there's up to 5% chance of getting pregnant, depending on which form of pill and any interfering medication etc). But...if the pill doesn't work I believe the woman would have to have a good argument for terminating the pregnancy. There are stronger versons of these drugs though, e.g the rod, injection etc. These other variaties are more or less 100% protection.  Just to clarify, "its_just_me" is reffering to teenagers who are appathetic (can't be bothered) about protection. Their attitude is:   "Oh, I did it once without protection, I can't get pregnant"  Or  "I was too embarrassed to get protection" (as quoted by Shooterandproud, who is very humble about his manhood....erm, I mean over exagerated manhood)  ETC ETC ETC and the excuses go on and on.  I agree with most of what "its_just_me" has said, the issue she's trying to put forth is that people should be more concerned about preventing pregnancy in the first place, not just about abortion.
You raise excellent points, and I stand corrected on some of what I've said.  Who are you referring to Simone?
Listen - saying "you slept around so therefore you are old enough to take the responsibility for a baby" is ridiculous. Just because someone gets behind the wheel does not mean they have the skills to drive. You are still making assumptions about what total strangers may or may not be capable of. How can possible know that?   I am pleased to hear that the UK has such accesible birth control. In the US - there are schools that won't/don't include it in sex ed, there are pharmacists that refuse to dispense and the big news these days is that the price ig going up so much that lower income people will not be able to afford it.  Stop assuming your life experience is applicable everywhere.    I am convinced you know quite a bit about child care. But unless you dropped out of school and your parents are dead you are still a kid who has never had to raise or support a family. Child care is just one small peice of the picture. There bills, mortgages, legalities that you, at 17, have never had to face.  All i'm saying is that they need to accept the responsibility. I realise that birth control in the US isn't such an easy task as it is here, but i'm not just talking about teens in the US i'm on about ones in Britain too. It's a real shame that contraception has to be paid for in the US, it's free here.  I left school when i was 15 (as you can do in the UK) and i have raised my brother because my mother has manic depression and I dont have a dad. We practicaly have lived in poverty (so paying gas/electric bills and food wasn't always done, we have been without food often). I taught my brother (who has ADD) everything he knows, i fed him, washed him, clothed him etc ever since i was 11.   So I think I have an idea of the hardships of raising a child. I don't mean to put my mother in a bad light, I feel for my mother because it's not her fault shes like that but she's getting better and shes being the best Mum she can be, given her condition.   P.S, Shadowpickachu, I am NOT a sexist male i'm a female!!
Make up your mind:   So you're a lesbian??  Yeah sorry about that, my fiancee (male) started using this username and I (female) took over. The confusion started because I/he forgot to log out and back in as ourself before posting.
Hmmmm. I smell bs here.  hmmm, well that's your problem then isn't it. Why would I make up a claim like that? I'm a woman, I have breasts and the rest. whereas my fiancee (who used my nickname to post a reply) has a penis, and the rest...except he does have breasts but they're called pecks cause he works out.
Perhaps its_just_me is just trying to hide the embarrassing fact that he/she is a hermaphrodite :)  oh no, my secrets out!emoticon_cry
Yeah, I totally beleive you. emoticon_rolleyes ;) Sounds to me like someone trying to worm their way out of being caught expressing themselves as two different sexes on two different parts of the board. I bet you hoped no one would notice that, huh? Seems rather dishonest of you.  Hmm, I think I'd rather defend myself just as a woman, no need to turn myself into a man...why's that going to make people listen to me more?  By the way, thinking_person is my fiancee, ever wonder why he kind of sticks up for me? He doesn't agree with everything I say but he does tend to stick up for me, read his posts. It was HE who posted the post about not being ant-gay because one of his 5 brothers, who's 19, is gay (whereas my only brother is 6 and I don't even have a sister). It is my fiancee who grew up in the religious background:  Just another note, I'm not anti-gay. For one thing, I'm more in touch with my feminine side than most guys are. My best friend was my sister while growing up, I relate more to my mother than I can with my father. I can talk for Britain with females, but I have little in common with males (football, cars etc). I bodybuild, I like to look after my apperance etc (don't mean to sound vain though). I used to be acused of being gay at school, so I know what ridicule is like. And finally, and most importantly, my brother's gay! I haven't forsaken him however. Before you say I must be hiding something here, I am engaged to a woman and have never had homosexual tendancies.  Do you think that I'm trying to ban gays or something? Because I seem to remember the title of this thread being "what does the bible say?" Since I have studied the bible (and if I were to be biased, it would be on the homosexual side) I am simply putting across the TRUTH. I'm not trying to find loop-holes in the bible, just conveying it as it is.  I am sorry for disapointing you all about what the bible teaches. To tell you the truth, like the first post said, the churches do pick and choose what they want from the bible (except that being gay isn't acceptable). Take for example, getting involved with politics, wars and even Christmas (which isn't Christian, it's half pagan and isn't even mentioned in the bible) etc. Wars, politics etc are what the churches get involved with and this was STRICTLY forbidden by Jesus HIMSELF! (e.g. he said be no part of this world, and love your enemy etc).  You'll then notice that my fiancee (after registering a new username because we can't carry on using the same one) suddenly starts replying in the thread with a different username (i.e. thinking_person) by accident (cause he forgot to login as its_just_me again like before):  Here's another example political correctness gone mad. Ok, maybe I am being a bit sterio typical here but you've got to admit it, most gay men are like that.    Yes...I simply have, in much depth. So where are these inconsistancies (or contradictions as some people say)? Please provided examples, which I shall refute.    I'm glad you used the word "think" instead of know, because you dont know and are simply wrong. Of course Jesus strictly forbade things! He didn't use the word forbid, but he didn't approve of plenty of things (in other words, he forbided his deciples to do whatever it was he didn't approve of).  Matthew 5:21, 22 (Jesus says here that yes, the old law says not to murder, but equaly important is not to be wrathfull towards your brother)  Matthew 5:27, 28 (Jesus says here that yes, the old law says not to commit adultery, but equaly important is when you're married not to look at another woman with passion)  Mattew 6:7 (Jesus said when praying, do not say the same thing over and over again)  There are many more examples (of what Jesus disapproved of) from other bible writers too, but that could fill another thread.   Is that enough proof yet that I am the author of "its_just_me" and am a woman, or do I have to show my tits on webcam? (that's a rhetorical question by the way).
Could be, you never know:) . BTW, I can smell the BS too, all the way over here in Kansas City.  I can smell it too, but that's just because I live below the scotish highlands where there are many fields with cows in them...
:xbanghead   I feel compelled to clear this one up. The best way to think of it is that the country is the UK, like the US. It is made up of four components, which could roughly be thought of as States (though the analogy isn't perfect): England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales.   Hence I live in London, which is in England, which is in the UK just as someone could live in say Edinburgh, which is in Scotland, which is in the UK or Los Angeles, which is in California, which is in the US...  Thankyou for clearing that up! I kinda took it for granted and assumed that Americans would know this, after all, we Brits understand what states, zip codes etc are. Not bragging there by the way LOL
:xbanghead   I feel compelled to clear this one up. The best way to think of it is that the country is the UK, like the US. It is made up of four components, which could roughly be thought of as States (though the analogy isn't perfect): England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales.   Hence I live in London, which is in England, which is in the UK just as someone could live in say Edinburgh, which is in Scotland, which is in the UK or Los Angeles, which is in California, which is in the US...  You should actually be happy Shooter knows that it is called the United Kingdom....I'd say 50% of Americans don't know what the "United Kingdom" is. Americans are a little full of themselves sometimes :(
Abortion is wrong. Eventually, the nation will rise against it. The 46 million babies aborted since 1973 will be viewed as the American Holocaust. There will be a museum in Washington, DC, dedicated to the millions of slaughtered babies.
You should tell that to Gman. Most pro-lifers don't care about women, Hentz why they are pro-life.  Really! You can prove that most pro-lifers don't care about women?  ...it is idiotic thinking like this that makes me respect you less and less.
i have had one myself, and i know that at the age of 14 i wasnt capable of looking after a child and the decision i made wasnt an easy one, you could say that is was my own fault that i got preganant and that i should have lived with the result, but people make mistakes in life and hard choices have to be made, thankfully with the help of my family who i might add put no pressure on me either way were amazing, even after the complications that followed i know i still made the right decision. women should have the right to choose, they are the ones that have to live with the decision no one else, and to take that right away from them is wrong on many levels  As long as the understanding is there that a women who has an abortion is also taking the life away from the unborn baby--it's childhood, teenage years, adulthood, etc. that won't happen now. That doesn't need to be swpt under the rug either. To not see or acknowledge that makes the whole thing seem too trite and 'disposable', IMO. Heck, even many pro-choicers believe abortion isn't necessarily a good thing (I think Clinton used to say it should be 'rare' and legal)
You should tell that to Gman. Most pro-lifers don't care about women, Hentz why they are pro-life.  Now shooter, are you talking about me behind my back? lol Would you like for me to refrain from commenting here? But, considering the courage and decisiveness of the "living" victims of abortions, I should just let it all out. But, I'll wait to see what you think.
Ok, I just joined this site, and I wanted to put my opinion in this to. I am in my late teens, and I am strongly against abortion. I don't see how baby killing is ok. It is still a baby and a life, and we have no right to take that life away. I don't see how someone can go party, have sex, kill a life, and still sleep at night.  shooterandproud  you said that you cant hold the kid responsible for the child like an adult can. Well if thier not responsible enough to care for the kid, how are they responsible to have sex? Cause and effect. you also asked if we knew what it is like to be 14 and pregnant. Yes it does happen, but that does not mean that does not mean that you can take the easy way out and kill it.  Whatever you do in life, you are going to have consequences, good or bad, and to succeed with those choices, you don't take the easy way out.
Abortion is as wrong as anything can be. Call it the American Holocaust.
 Women do not get themselves pregnant.  Artificial insemination.  Yes they do.
That's really stretching it. And how many women who go through artificial insemination (an expensive procedure that you'd only go through if you WANT to get pregnant or have a chance of getting pregnant) then go and get an abortion?  The number of people that do this is irrelevant, alls that counts is the very fact that it happens, and so it invalidates the the sweeping statement that suggested otherwise.
Even then, your statement does nothing. They aren't "getting themselves pregnant". A doctor is doing a medical procedure, that may or may not result in a pregnancy (ya know, those little sperm thingies?) emoticon_xangel   Home DIY kits are available.
Ya got a source?   http://www.fertility4life.com/mni/
The aboslutely hugely vast majority of women don't get themselves pregnant.  Prove it, please.
According the US census there are roughly 300 million people in the US and roughly 4.5 million babies are born each year. According to the article below about 6.7 million women had fertility issues, of those 42% sought help. Even if every one of those 42% received artificial insemination (which is not the case), artificial insemination only has a success rate of 5-20% meaning that only a few hundred thousand babies could even possibly be the result of artificial insemination. Also, according to this article most women seeking treatment were doing so with a partner.  http://links.jstor.org/sici?sici=0014-7354(200005%2F06)32:3%3C132:UOISIT%3E2.0.CO%3B2-Z  No, I wanted you to prove this:  The aboslutely hugely vast majority of women don't get themselves pregnant.
And she did. Look at the stats, very few women get themselves pregnant.   Are you suggesting that women who deliberately have sex to get pregnant, are not deliberately getting pregnant?
No - we are saying they did not get themselves pregnant. Someone else was involved. Mommy never have the "where do babies come from" chat with you?   Did you not read my comment that totally crushes your statement?
As jitobear mentioned, there are almost always TWO people involved in the actions that result in pregnancy, not just one (a woman AND a man having sex) - therefore, women don't "get themselves pregnant".   However, I understand you to mean that, if they willingly engage in sex, then they have the responsibility over the resulting pregnancy. I would generally agree that people who take actions that have a reasonable risk of resulting in a certain outcome have the responsibility to respond to that outcome. However, we disagree in that I think abortion in the earlier trimesters IS one of the responsible reactions to the outcome of an unwanted preganancy. Of course, other responsible reactions include carrying it to term and then properly supporting it, or giving it up for adoption or for others (friends or relatives) to take care of until the mother is ready. We also differ in that those on the pro-choice side, including myself, think it is the mother who can best decide between all of those responsible reactions to an unwanted pregnancy whereas you would forcefully have her take her pregnancy to term.  By the way, on a completely unrelated note, I have to ask about your code name/symbol: "___". Did you choose this deliberately (and if so, why?) or did you just forget to put in a name when you were registering?  whereas you would forcefully have her take her pregnancy to term.  This is a significant claim. How would I forcefully have taken her pregnancy to term?
Oh, yes, we must totally have missed your almighty and crushing statement. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes :xbanghead   Reading is good.
Perhaps I am jumping to assumptions, but I am assuming from your arguements that you are pro-life, which would mean that you would outlaw abortion in all trimesters except, perhaps, for a few exceptions (rape, incest, risk to mother's life). Am I wrong in this assumption?  Just answer my question please.
I thought I had. I will be more specific then. Assuming, as I did, that you are pro-life and would outlaw most abortions, that would mean that you support forcing women, by law, to keep their pregnancies and not abort them - thereby forcing them to carry their pregnancies to term (minus the fairly rare occurences of natural miscarriages). So, do you or don't you support keeping abortions mainly illegal? My assumption was that you do.   Would you allow a woman to abort a perfectly healthy baby that is two days from being born?
So, he's expected to just answer your question, but you don't hold yourself to those same standards and answer his question. Typical. emoticon_rolleyes  He has not answered my question.
I have already answered your first question whereas you have not answered mine. This is a new question from you. Though you haven't answered my question yet, I will respond nonetheless. However, I will not respond further until you finally give me your answer to my question.  No, I would not allow a woman to abort a perfectly healthy fetus that is two days from being born. As I have consistently stated in this forum, the criteria which is critically important for me is the mental existence of the fetus - i.e. once it gains some level of mental existence (the first possibility of that being around the beginning of the third trimester), then it gains rights. After that, it is a matter of balance of rights - ex. the woman can abort the mentally existing fetus if it is risking her life since I allow for killing others when necessary for self defense. I would generally outlaw third trimester abortions except for risks to the mother's life, major risks to her health, and possibly for rape or incest. I am also open to mercy killing of severely deformed fetuses (as I am open to mercy killing of those who are under great unrelievable suffering and who do not wish to continue living). Before a fetus gains mental existence, it is just a body with "nobody home" so I would allow for uncontested abortion in that first and second trimester. Also, by that point, the woman would have had quite a lot of time to decide on whether or not to get the abortion. At some point, it simply becomes too late.  Then "you support forcing women, by law, to keep their pregnancies and not abort them - thereby forcing them to carry their pregnancies to term".    Tut, tut.
What the heck are you on about? You just quoted his very answer in post number 121.   Here is how it went: you asked a question, expected him to answer it, then when he answered it and then asked a question of you, you asked another question, expecting him to answer that as well, and not answering his. Now he has answered this latest question, and you have yet to answer his. Hold yourself to your own standards, dude.  We are still waiting for your answer. Please answer his freakin' question, or we will not continue a discussion with you, as you will have proven that you apply standards to others but do not live up to them yourself.  My question has not been answered:  I want to know how I:  "would forcefully have her take her pregnancy to term".  How?
The answer was given in post #120, which you yourself quoted in post #121. Now stop your dishonesty and answer the question. This will be my last post to you here until you own up to your own standards.  It is too bad that you feel the need to concede.
Refusing to debate with you is not conceding.   In my opinion it is.
First, since you have not answered my question and it by now appears that you are an irresponsible poster in not reponding, I will assume that you indeed would have all abortions outlawed except for possibly a few exceptions. Your silence on the subject proves the validity of that assumption.  So, since you would have abortion outlawed, that gives women no choice in their pregnancy - you are forcing them to carry the pregnancy to term. Women who have sex are not CHOOSING to be pregnant and have a child. Pregnancy might just be an unwanted consequence of sex - just like being mugged might be an unwanted consequence of a well-dressed man walking in a bad neighborhood after dark. These women are not choosing to become pregnant, just like the mugging victim is not choosing to be mugged. You would leave the women with no choice as to their pregnancy so you are forcing them to stay pregnant.  As to your previous comment that I would force women in the third trimester to carry their pregnancies to term, the situation is quite different. Namely, by the third trimester, she WOULD HAVE had a choice in whether or not to terminate her pregnancy. That choice just has a time limit. You give her NO choice.  Er, have you forgotten already?   I will not respond further until you finally give me your answer to my question.   Besides, You too are like me:  "You support forcing women, by law, to keep their pregnancies and not abort them - thereby forcing them to carry their pregnancies to term."
From the comments of others and from my own short experience, I realized that this is a trend with you so I realized that waiting for you to respond would have been futile. You are just not a responsible poster.  However, since I had already started a discussion with you, I wanted to finish it to some level. I will simply try to avoid starting any new discussions with you unless I see that you have become more responsible in your involvement in such discussions (i.e. among other things, answering the questions of others).  But, as I said, in my scenario the women DO have a choice to continue their pregnancy all the way up to the beginning of the third trimester. Indeed, nearly all women do make up their minds by that point since only ~1% of abortions are performed in the third trimester and most of those fall under my exceptions of risk to mother's life, health, or mercy killing. There is a HUGE difference between saying a woman has NO choice in her pregnancy (as you do) as saying that she has six months to decide (as I do).  If I force women to carry their pregnancies to term, how do I force them? What forces am I exerting on them?  Secondly you support forcing women, by law, to keep their pregnancies and not abort them - thereby forcing them to carry their pregnancies to term.
As another_opinion stated, I too think that "____" is an irresponsible poster (I'd go as far to say hypocritical) who canot own up to his own standards - despite him trying to claim victory because we do not want to debate such a dishonest poster, the evidence of the thread is enough to show both his dishonesty, and the reason why debate with such a person is futile.  I only ask that my question is answered, I want to know what forces I use to make women carry their pregnancies to term?  That is a fair an honest question, since this is what I have been accused of doing.
Your lack of willingness to answer a straight question seems to indicate a lack of willingness to debate and therefor you conceded first.  I asked the question first:  What or how do I force women to carry their pregnancies to term?  What do I actively do to force them?  I have not had this answered.   I win.
It wasn't asked of me. Nor am I convinced this is the first question - but I will answer.  I did ask the question first, just read the thread for proof.    You actually can't. You would like to try. For removing the possibility of them terminating a pregnancy if they choose is by default forcing them to go through with it. However - you really can't do this. Even if illegal - women will seek and obtain abortions.  Thank you.  So you agree that I do not force anything.
I've already answered this in my last post(s) but will rephrase what I wrote to make it even clearer.  Question: If I force women to carry their pregnancies to term, how do I force them? What forces am I exerting on them? Answer: You wish to have abortion (or nearly all abortions) outlawed. Therefore, you wish to force them through law to carry their pregnancies to term. In your scenario, they never have a choice about their pregnancy so they are being forced. Laws and their execution are the only means by which our society can force any of its individuals to do anything. For example, people are forced by law to pay taxes. Yes, they can try to circumvent that, but if they do and they are caught then they are punished - including physicallly forcing them into prisons on occasion. Forcing a woman to carry a pregnancy to term by introducing laws outlawing abortion is no different - it is force through laws and their execution.   Wishing is not forcing. I wish to have a million pounds, that doesn't mean I force a million pounds on myself, does it?   Besides you said so yourself:  "Laws and their execution are the only means by which our society can force any of its individuals to do anything."  Only society can force individuals to do anything, not me.    Question / Statement:Secondly you too support forcing women, by law, to keep their pregnancies and not abort them - thereby forcing them to carry their pregnancies to term.  Answer: I force this to happen in the third trimester for reasons other than the few exceptions I gave - risk to mother's life, health, rape, incest, major birth deformation. However, by the third trimester, she would have had six months to decide whether or not to keep the pregnancy. There is a world of difference between that and what you suggest, which gives her NO choice EVER in her pregnancy about whether or not to keep it. I DO give her choice, it just has a time limit. You give her NO choice. That is a BIG difference.  I don't know how many times I can rephrase the same answers. If these answers are not sufficient for you, then how about if you explain WHY they are not sufficient instead of repeating yourself over and over.   I'm not asking you if there is a difference, I can see that, but if I force women to carry pregnancies to term on the conditions you have stated, then you too force women to carry pregnancies to term regardless of when you choose to force them, force is force. If you force them earlier or later then me, it still amounts to force.
Denying them the right to abortion doesn't qualify in your books?  Would you permit a woman to abort a child two days from being born?
Of course none of us here has the power as individuals to force any stranger into anything. That is so blatantly obvious that nobody (except now you) even brings up that issue. In this forum, we are debating our moral stances on abortion and how we think those should be translated into enforced laws. If we did not have the issue of laws hanging over our heads then I'm sure that there would be far fewer posters in the abortion forum since it would be only one poster's opinion against the others. We are just one small part of a national debate. Of course, our small parts are of no large consequence but the national debate in general does have enormous consequences to the lives of innumerable women when that debate translates into laws. We are just one small insignificant part of a larger significant picture. Those of us who debate here represent in this forum the pro-choice group of voters and any power we have as individuals is only the power of being one small part of a group that does influence laws. You, among others here, represent in this forum the pro-life group of voters and any power that you have as an individual is only the power of being a small part of the pro-life constituency. Our discussions with you always keep in mind that you are a representative of that more powerful group. Is that not obvious?   Settled, I force nobody.    All uses of force are not created equal. For example, I think that all here would agree that using force to stop someone from stealing is an acceptable use of force (assuming one does not use excessive force). Similarly, I think that either most or all here would agree that using force to stop a mother from killing her newborn baby is an acceptable use of force. I am not saying that one should never use force. I am saying that your use of force (through law) to force a woman to carry her pregnancy without ever giving her a choice over her pregnancy is very excessive.   The time when you choose to use force, does not excuse the fact that you use force.
That is not how discussions are held here or in any other forum I know of. If you present a view about legality of an issue, then you have to face the consequences of how society would function if your opinion became real law. This is especially true when your opinion coincides with a large group (i.e. pro-life supporters) who, as a group, DO strongly influence policy. You cannot escape the consequences of your opinions. If opinions are not open to debate on their consequences, then there is nothing to discuss and we might as well not be here.  So what you are saying is that I use force against people by way of democracy?   Are you against democracy?    You missed my point entirely. There are situations when using force is fine and situations when it is not fine. My claim is that the situations you choose for using force are not fine.   You are setting double standards here, you claim I'm wrong for forcing, yet you openly admit you are forcing too. You are forcing whether it is right or wrong, therefore I too could be right or wrong.  I cannot be deemed wrong merely for forcing, unless you too are wrong for forcing, do you understand?
As an example, if people democratically voted for rights of freedom to be taken back from African Americans, so that they would become slaves again, then I would hold each and every one of the people who voted for that resolution responsible for its outcome. Similarly, if your expressed opinion and your vote would want abortion outlawed, I would hold you (and all those who hold similar views to you) responsible for the potential consequences. Right now it is partly academic since your side does not yet have enough support to outlaw abortion across the US. However, it is close enough to having that support that the abortion debate becomes a contentious one in which many if not most participate. There is just too much at stake. The bottom line is that people are responsible for their voting patterns and for their opinions that underlie those voting paterns.  There is no need for an example, I know how democracy works.   So we can conclude that it is not the use of force that is wrong, it is how it is used that maybe wrong.    Is it a double standard to say that it is ok to use force to, say, stop a rape from happening vs not ok to use force to make someone your slave? Sometimes the use of force is justified and sometimes it isn't. We obviously disagree about the use of force (through law) in abortion. However, in comparing our two stances, my use of force is much more restricted and allows for more freedom in that the woman has most of the time of her pregnacny to decide. Your would use much more force in that you NEVER give her the chance to decide and you would force a pregnancy from the very beginning of one. Our uses of force are not the same. Use of force has to be justified. It is your lack of justification for use of force in the first and second trimester to outlaw abortion which I most contest.  Exactly, therefore I'm not wrong for using force, otherwise you too are wrong.   If you want to find fault with my position, go ahead and do so, but saying that I'm wrong on the grounds you have given is not a valid argument.
The conclusion of my first section is that we should be held responsible for the potential consequences of our opinions about laws (and the force that is used to support those laws).  The main conclusion of the second section was that the use of force (through law) has to be fully justified. To be most specific, it is unjustified use of force that is wrong. I thought some of this was obvious but apparently not.   We obviously differ as to when we think abortion should be outlawed by force of law. Perhaps you would be willing to present a clear concise description about why you think force (in outlawing abortion) is justified in the first and second trimester of pregnancy.  You are not getting this, are you?  You claimed I was wrong for forcing. I'm not wrong for doing this, unless you are prepared to accept you are wrong too.  You can claim I'm wrong on another principle if you like, but not on the principle you are stating.   You are just going to have to concede on this one.
You seem to be claiming that my arguement was that all forcing is wrong. You have no justification for that claim - I never said that all forcing is wrong. If I did, then quote me.   My post which started your reaction was the following - #113 (with the relevant section in bold):  In that statement I outlined our differences - i.e. In the early trimesters, I would allow for abortion where the mother decides whereas you would force her to take the pregnancy to term. I said nothing about you being wrong for forcing it in the third trimester since I only justified abortion in the early trimesters.   My claim was not that you are wrong since all forcing is wrong. My claim was that you are wrong in forcing her to take her pregnancy to term in a situation where I thought she should have the choice - i.e. in those early trimesters. You are the one jumping to conclusions that I think that all forcing is wrong. I cannot be held accountable for your misinterpretations of my views.  To be quite honest, I am getting quite bored of this particular discussion. You misinterpreted my views while I am sure that you will claim that you did not. I just don't care anymore. This particular discussion is going around in circles and not revealing any interesting points. I am neither conceding nor claiming victory in this arguement. I am just finding it a pointless waste of time so I am throwing down my gloves and saying "to heck with this, I have better things to do". There are other more useful arguements to follow. I would think that we both have better uses for our time.  How else can I interpret this?  You said: "you would forcefully have her take her pregnancy to term".  Yet you would do the same later in the pregnancy.  Therefore we both use force.   Why did you bother to state that I use force, if not to suggest it is wrong?
Though I would like to finish this particular discussion, this question at least moves the discussion forward. I talked about abortion in the early trimesters being a responsible answer to unwanted pregnancy and that it has the advantage of letting the woman choose whereas you would force her. I will grant you that, since I did not specifically say in that paragraph that I would allow abortion to be outlawed (i.e. pregnancy forced) in the third trimester (though I have said it in many other posts), that might have left room for you to jump to conclusions that I think all such force is wrong. So, just to get this discussion over with, I'll strike a compromise: You were wrong for jumping to conclusions and I was wrong for leaving things unsaid which made it easier for you to jump to those conclusions. Fine?  Not an acceptable compromise, I was left with no other conclusion than to interpret your comment as though I was wrong for using force, yet your own use is not.   It was clearly double standards.
The conclusion which you jumped to was that I think all use of force is wrong. You jumped to this conclusion based on my claim that use of force in this particular situation (early trimesters) is wrong. I cannot be blamed for your extrapolation. I have presented a reasonable compromise that you have rejected. I see that there is no way to reach an agreement so, unless you introduce some new compelling arguement, I will just drop this discussion. I, and probably any others who might still be reading this, no longer find any usefulness to the discussion. Bye - onto other threads / subjects.  So what you want me to accept is: You can use force when you like, but if I use force, it is wrong, and you will not debate any more unless I accept this.  You don't know how to debate.
Please don't misrepresent my view. I said that the use of force (through law) has to be justified. I generally like freedom so I think the use of force should be avoided unless it has justifications. You are not wrong in using force because it is you who said it. If you present good justifications for the use of force in outlawing abortion in the early trimesters, then that use of force would be valid. However, I haven't seen good justifications coming from you.  Of course, all of our opinions on what is a just arguement and what isn't are based on our own views. You might think my use of force in wanting violent anti-abortion protests curtailed unjust. The justice or injustice of our views has to rest mainly on our arguements. Personally, I would prefer to delve more deeply into these arguements than to continue this discussion (which I have broken my own intentions in continuing - mostly because I would prefer not to leave the discussion on a misunderstanding of my arguements).  I'm not misrepresenting your view.  You said I was wrong for using force, yet you claimed the use of force is right when you use it.  That is a fair summation of the debate.   You didn't claim I was wrong for any other reason other than force.  It is double standards.
That doesn't mean that I think it is wrong for you to use force in any situation. Also, I did not claim the use of force is right whenever I use it. Neither of us can justify the use of force unless we present valid arguements to support that force.   If you want to discuss those arguments, I would be happy to. At least such a discussion will serve a purpose. I am convinced now that you will not stop misinterpreting my views until you get me to admit to something I am not guilty of - that is something I am unwilling to do. I see we will have to agree to disagree - at least I see that we will continue to disagree. I have little doubt that you will keep harping on this issue. I personally see now that there is no hope in resolving this issue so it is best to drop it.  Again, I am willing to go into discussions on justifiable reasons for using force through law where abortion is concerned. As for this inane arguement, I really am stopping my participation here since I need to log off and leave the computer.  Exactly, so I'm not wrong on those grounds, you need to find a reason why I'm wrong, if there is one, you have yet to present it. Then, and only then can you mount an argument to claim I'm wrong, until then please don't make inaccurate accusations.
Whoa! What happen to the last 5 pages of this thread?  It looks like they have been swiped?
OK, you are not going to apologise. I accept that, nevertheless I shall forgive you.   Here is my reason for opposing abortion:  I believe abortion to be the genocide of the unwanted unborn.
 Do you believe that abortion is wrong at all stages of pregnancy - wrong to the point of wanting it to be outlawed?   Yes.    Are there any exceptions (ex. rape, incest, risk to mother's life) in which you would allow abortion?  No.    For me, mental existence is critically important since it is critical to the existence of a person with rights. "Genocide" of mere bodies without minds is irrelevant to me - so that the term "Genocide", in my view, cannot be used if you are only talking about bodies with "nobody home". It is with minds that I have sympathy (no matter how rudimentary - ex. subconscious, coma, etc). Is mental existence at all important to you? If so, when do you believe that mental existence (or, perhaps, soul) begins in the developing body?  What about people in temporary comas?
People in both temporary and permanent comas still have a mental existence. I believe that, if they do not register higher brain waves for sufficiently long times, they are considered dead. Those higher brain waves from the cerebral cortex usually can indicate that there is some mental activity happening. People in comas, temporary or otherwise, do continue to have some level of higher brain waves so, at least at a rudimentary level, they continue to mentally exist. I think that, as long as they mentally exist, they have rights.  Why should someone have rights if alls they do is permanently give off brain waves?  Yet someone who is definitely going to become conscious ought not to have rights?  That is odd.   Do you view some level of mental existence as important? If not, then what criteria do you use to define a person with rights - i.e. what characteristics are important for those rights to exist? With newly fertilized zygotes, the only characteristics I can think of is that it has a full set of human DNA in a separate growing body. Since you think that abortion of zygotes is wrong, do you think that there is more to a zygote than human DNA and the start of a growth process? For example, is it the potential of that zygote to become a full person which is important to you?  Not really, otherwise we would have to class concious dogs above humans that aren't.   Besides, just because there are brainwaves it doesn't mean they have mental existence.
You are arguing the importance of the *potential* of that fetus. Potential is a nice thing but it should not take precedence over the rights of a real, currently mentally existing person - i.e. the mother. As for giving off brain waves, it is not the brain waves themselves that are important but the fact that they are a sign that mental processes might be happening - there is still "somebody home" in that body.  No a foetus is not potential, it is real and it exists. A person in a coma is not mentally existing if they are only giving off brainwaves, there is no proof of consciousness that is why we call them unconscious, meaning not concious.    As I have mentioned in other threads, I give rights to people - where I define people as mentally existing humans. I have enough sympathy toward animals that I support anti-animal cruelty laws, but I would not give animals the same rights as humans.  Also, where brainwaves are concerned, the scientific understanding is that we cannot have our mental processes if the brain has not developed enough to show those brainwaves - the two go hand in hand (brain waves and mental processes). If the brain waves are disorganized, then I suppose that they might not indicate mental processes so, in setting the standard at that sufficient development of the brain, I am giving the benefit of the doubt to lean closer to the pro-life side. I'm not sure when science can claim with certainty that there are mental processes, but that would most likely be later in pregnancy if not at or after birth. My stance gives rights to the fetus at the earliest point that my moral stance allows - when it has a real chance of having mental existence.  Will you please answer my question of whether or not you think mental existence is important? I've asked it a few times already. Remember, this discussion is supposed to be a two way street.  If consciousness and mental existence are the most important factors that over ride our species, then you must place conscious dogs above humans that are not conscious.   I have answered your question, I said no because if mental existence is important, then a rat would supersede my unborn child, never will I even consider such nonsense.
I did not say the foetus is not real or does not exist. By potential, I mean the potential to gain that mental existence which, in my view, then makes it a person. You had said "Yet someone who is definitely going to become conscious ought not to have rights?" The "going to" means that it is not yet conscious. Similarly, an embryo is "going to" eventually gain mental existence - meaning it does not have it yet.  Also, by mental existence, I do not mean only conscious mental existence (as I noted in an earlier post). We still mentally exist when we sleep or when we are in coma. Subconscious mental existence is still mental existence.  What do you mean by "real"? What is not real about it?  If a foetus did not have the potential to become conscious, how did you ever become conscious?  A person that gives off brainwaves is not necessarily conscious, if they are not conscious how can you claim they exist "mentally"?    However, you do place the rights of a fetus prior to mental existence over the rights of the woman who carries him. Why should it be more important? Is there anything outside of its potential to become more (ex. gain some level of mental existence, eventually gain consciousness, eventually become a full fledged baby,then child, then adult) that you value? In particular, what is it specifically in a zygote that you value more than the woman's rights?  The rights of a woman and the rights of a zygote are the same, it is called equality.
You seemed to have completely misunderstood my post. Instead of re-itterating it again, I am curious about how you got from my post to your questions. Namely, how in the world from my post did you get that I did not think the fetus was "real" - use quotes to justify your logic. Also, how in the world did you get that I did not think the foetus has the potential to become conscious - use quotes to justify your logic. Lastly, I have already said that I did not require consciousness for mental existence, so why are you assuming again that I do - use quotes to justify your logic. I do not wish to waste time presenting posts if you do not bother reading and trying to understand them. If I was unclear and that lack of clarity lead to your misinterpretations, then justify that with quotes.  Let me put it like this:  How can you prove a man that only gives off brainwaves is existing mentally?  If I was unconscious, am I only potentially concious?   Do you know the meaning of the word "Mental"?   Don't you agree that what ought to be important here is whether someone is a person or not?   What specifically do you value in the zygote that makes you think it is so important - as important as the woman?  It is a human, a human is a person.
You can't. But those brainwaves show that he MIGHT be mentally existing and that chance is enough for me to give him rights. If he doesn't have brainwaves, then he is definitely not mentally existing, so he gets no rights.  There is no proof? So you are just making a guess.    Most of the time, if you were unconscious, you would also be potentially conscious. However, if you were unconscious in a permanent coma, then you might not have that potential. Either way, it is irrelevant to this discussion since, as I have said a few times now, I do not require consciousness for mental existence and rights - we also mentally exist when that existence is just subconscious. Do I need to repeat this statement again or is there something about it which you do not understand?  How can someone exist mentally if you cannot prove it, if I am unconscious then alls there is are brainwaves, yet even this doesn't prove I exist mentally. If I am unconscious then I only exist mentally in a potential way since there is no proof, which is exactly the same condition a foetus is in (potentially mentally existing).   From the American Heritage dictionary online: men·tal (m&#277;n'tl)  adj. 1) Of or relating to the mind; intellectual: mental powers. 2) Executed or performed by the mind; existing in the mind: mental images of happy times. 3) Of, relating to, or affected by a disorder of the mind. 4) Intended for treatment of people affected with disorders of the mind. 5) Of or relating to telepathy or mind reading.  Mental powers? What mental powers do unconscious people have?   Yes, but I don't view a body without any sort of mind as a person and, apparently, you do.  So how can you claim an unconscious man is a person, without proof he has any sort of mind?  What characteristics do you ascribe to "a human". Is human DNA in a growing body sufficient?  It is a biological fact.   More to the point what characteristics do you ascribe to unconscious people?
There is no proof? So you are just making a guess.      How can someone exist mentally if you cannot prove it, if I am unconscious then alls there is are brainwaves, yet even this doesn't prove I exist mentally. If I am unconscious then I only exist mentally in a potential way since there is no proof, which is exactly the same condition a foetus is in (potentially mentally existing).     Mental powers? What mental powers do unconscious people have?     So how can you claim an unconscious man is a person, without proof he has any sort of mind?    It is a biological fact.   More to the point what characteristics do you ascribe to unconscious people?  It can very easilly be proven that a healthy unborn child has brainwaves, they also have a heart beat, blood pressure and all the other working organs of a normal human being, so why waste time with your foolish hypothetical ? Unborn children are people too, they just lack experience.
It can very easilly be proven that a healthy unborn child has brainwaves, they also have a heart beat, blood pressure and all the other working organs of a normal human being, so why waste time with your foolish hypothetical ? Unborn children are people too, they just lack experience.  I have never disputed this?
 Neurologists have determined that a sufficiently developed cerebral cortex is necessary for those mental processes. That does not mean that the mental processes definitely exist as soon as those neural connections are made - just that they CAN exist. As soon as they CAN exist, I would give rights - it is giving the fetus the benefit of the doubt.   As for links to support my position:  Part 4 of http://www.2think.org/abortion.shtml   http://7e.devbio.com/article.php?ch=21&id=162    Like I said, you have no proof.    Same as above. I rely on what neurologists say since they are the most knowledgible about the workings of the brain.   So you can't prove it, please just say so.    I'm not quite sure what that definition meant by "mental powers" but if they meant something along the lines of mental processes then, when we sleep, we can dream. Dreams are certainly mental processes.   So you have no proof again.   Again, to have any mental process, a sufficiently developed cerebral cortex with signs of its activity in brain waves is necessary. Does that mean that there definitely are mental processes going on if there are brain waves? Maybe not. But that means that mental processes CAN happen. They CANNOT happen if the cerebral cortex is insufficiently developed. I am giving the fetus the benefit of the doubt. Are you suggesting that I should not give the fetus the benefit of the doubt and wait until the fetus is conscious so that the mental processes are most proven? That would move the position farther away from the pro-life stance which you seem to hold, not closer to it.    No proof again.   This is a disaster for you.    Unconscious people can still have a mental existence. Mental existence + human = person. So, it sounds like all you require for person is: 1) full human DNA 2) a body - no matter how small. Is that right?    per·son (pûr's&#601;n)  n.  1.A living human.
 Neurological science, as summarized in my links, is the proof that I have. If you don't agree with science, then that is your problem.  Yes you provided a link, but it doesn't prove for a fact that someone who gives of brainwaves has mental existence.    You still have not described the SPECIFIC attributes of what you value in that human/person.  A person is a human, a human is a member of the modern species of humans, the only extant species of the primate family Hominidae.  What else can be said?
 How many times do I need to repeat this before you understand it: The existence of brainwaves does not automatically mean mental existence. What it does mean is the POSSIBILITY of mental existence, which is good enough for me to give rights in this abortion debate. Without brainwaves and a sufficiently developed cerebral cortex to generate them, there is NO mental existence. What is it about this view that you don't understand?  Exactly! It is only a possibility! There is no prove that this is actually the case!   Simple question: what is it specifically that you value in a zygote? If you say - because it is human, what do you mean by that? What aspects do you value - the human DNA? There has to be more than that. I am asking you to go into specifics.   It is a human, it deserves human rights, what is wrong with you? What is so valuable about a body that just emits brain waves for the rest of its life?
What exactly are you advocating for here - that rights be given only once that mental existence is proven? I give the benefit of the doubt in giving rights when the mind first CAN exist. You are the first pro-life person who seems to be advocating that rights should be pushed further out. Otherwise, I cannot fathom what point you are trying to make in this discussion.   There is no proof, is there? So the conditions that you establish are flawed, the whole principle your argument is built on crumbles. There is no proof.   Here I will say it again: There is no proof.    When most people say "human rights" they certainly don't have a zygote in mind. Furthermore, once again, you are avoiding my question. What SPECIFICALLY in the zygote do you value - ex. that it has human DNA? That it has the potential to grow into a full person?   The man that established the whole human rights act specified the unborn, he had them in mind, and I think that says a lot. I do not discriminate between humans and their abilities unlike you, a human being is a human being. How can you say that it has the potential to grow into a human being? It is a human being, a human is a person.
As I have already said, there IS proof, as outlined in those links, that the mind CANNOT exist before the cerebral cortex is sufficiently developed (around beginning of the third trimester). Without a mind, I give no rights. What aspect of that do you dispute?  None of it.   As for when the mind first starts, thus justifying rights, there is no definitive proof. I would guess that, once there is consciousness, certain reactions can constitute a mind. I haven't looked into at what point it is definitely proven that there is a mind because I personally would prefer to err on the side of caution to give rights as soon as there CAN be a mind. Again, there IS proof that the mind cannot exist before the late trimester and that it has the first possibility of existing in that late trimester - so that is where I place my limit. Got it?  I am starting to wonder whether your misinterpretations and the way you ignore many points in my post is really intentional. Perhaps you really do have a reading comprehension problem. You might even be a teenager, for all I know, unpracticed in debate. I am starting to really lose patience with these misrepresentations of my posts and in the way you completely ignore certain points. If you had done this once or twice, I could discount that, but this is a clear trend in your debating style.   Just as you cannot prove that early newborns have mental existence, neither can you prove the same condition of a man in a coma who only emits brainwaves, your logic and the principles you laid down, means you have justified butchering a man, woman or child in a coma.   Proove it with a link to a legal document saying that the unborn have the same human rights as those who are born. You can't, can you? That is because they don't. Our US constitution give no such rights and neither does any other legal document. The wide spread of opinions on the rights of a fetus is evidence that the people of the US are not decided on this issue either - thus the debate on abortion.   "Countless people, facing persecution the world over -- people living and those as yet unborn -- have reason to thank Peter Benenson, the founder of Amnesty International. For it was his inspiration in the 1960s that launched what was soon dubbed ''one of the larger lunacies of our time'': a worldwide citizens' movement to expose and confront government injustice".   AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL
It amazes me that you are still missing the point. I CAN prove, through those links, that mental existence CANNOT exist without brain waves/sufficiently developed cerebral cortex. When mental existence cannot exist, I give no rights. I give rights when there is a possibility that it can exist. You really are very poor in reading comprehension.  You said you would give rights to those that have mental existence, so prove that a those who just give off brainwaves have mental existence. Oh you can't, have I misinterpreted you, no I have not.    That's funny. You misinterpret that quote and use it as justification for something it does not mean. "People living and those as yet unborn" means people of the present and people of the future - i.e. that society is and will continue in the future to be grateful for his actions with regard to Amnesty International. If you think that he specifically meant "the unborn" as in fetuses and embryos then find a specific quote. As far as I know, the actions of Amnesty International in protecting people has always been toward protecting born people (all or nearly all adults) who are tormented by their governments or other organizations in power. Though I noticed in their site that they are against governments forcing abortion (which pro-choice proponents are also against), I have never heard of them stating anything that suggests that women should not have abortion rights. Why am I not in the least bit surprised that you should have made that misinterpretation...   No, quite clearly you are wrong, he is saying "Countless people, facing persecution the world over - people living and those as yet unborn". "And" those that are not born yet. Can you not read? He includes them with the "AND". Why do you think he spent his life protecting the unborn and children? You ought to read what it says. Furthermore, the human rights act, specifically talks about protecting the unborn too. You lose
The really hilarious thing is that you asked him for a legal document saying that the unborn have the same human rights as those already born, and then the dumbarse links to a biography of some person as a response. :xbanghead  Probably, because I never said there was a legal document in the first place, but it just shows how much you know about humans right. Go read the human rights act.
I said "When mental existence cannot exist, I give no rights. I give rights when there is a possibility that it can exist. " What part of the words "possibility that it can exist" do you not understand. (Given your lack of reading comprehension, the "it" in the words "possibility that it can exit" refers to mental existance).  If you give rights when mental existence can exist, what do you suppose happens to the unborn when left to develop? It gains mental existence, therefore it can exist in the unborn.    When I said that "'People living and those as yet unborn' means people of the present and people of the future", what logic (or lack thereof) did you use to determine that I was ignoring the word "and"? Since you seem to have trouble with reading comprehension, I will spell it out for you: by "those as yet unborn", it is clear that what was meant was people of the future - not fetuses / embryos, etc. I also noticed that you did not supply a link of Amnesty International being pro-life (i.e. against voluntary abortion). Why? Probably because you realize that you have no legs to stand on in this arguement and you are trying to avoid the subject.   Also, give a link to the "human rights act". By Googling that, I found one in Britain, in Australia, New Zealand, one in Illinois... If you are going to use it as justification, then give a link to it.  Lastly, do you deny that fetuses and embryos are not given legal rights in the US Constitution? Other pro-life supporters (such as Phyllis) admit that. My guess is that, since law does not agree with you, you will have to resort to the statements of a biased organization to support your claim.  ---on edit--- Here is a link to the "Universal Declaration of Human Rights" of the United Nations - as close as one gets to a world concensus on human rights. There, it states in Article 1: "All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood." Notice that, in that statement of human rights, they are equal AT BIRTH. There is clearly no extrapolation to pre-birth equality. Also, from Article 25: "All children, whether born in or out of wedlock, shall enjoy the same social protection." Again, the defining point of human rights is birth.  http://www.un.org/Overview/rights.html  Also, here is a link from a Catholic News site (certainly not pro-choice biased) that states that Amnesty International is neutral on the issue of abortion: "The British section of Amnesty International has endorsed a policy in support of legalizing abortion which could change the human rights group's global neutral policy on abortion." From http://www.catholicnews.com/data/stories/cns/0701703.htm . So, even if you did find a quote from Peter Benenson expressing pro-life views (which you have yet to do), it would not matter since it is Amnesty International that has some world clout about human rights. Few people care what Peter Benenson's view on the topic is - he certainly does not speak for the world. His only relevance in world opinion is as the founder of an organization that people do care about and respect.  No, quite clearly you are wrong, he is saying "Countless people, facing persecution the world over - people living and those as yet unborn".  It says: "and those", it is quite clear.
As I said before, once the unborn develops enough so that it CAN have mental existence, I give it rights. I do not give it rights BEFORE it can have mental existence. Therefore, it gets no rights in the first and second trimester and I would allow unrestricted abortions then. Yes, if left to grow, an embryo will most likely develop mental existence but that is in its future, not in its present - meaning that it has the POTENTIAL to have that mental existence but does not have it NOW. It is its current state which I judge in determining if it has rights - not its future state. After all, a pre-fertilized egg also has the potential to become a full person if a few things happen (including fertilization). I judge the living entity in question by what it is *at that moment*.  If you do not understand that point, I will put it another way. There are three states of knowledge about the fetus's mental existence: 1) Prior to roughly the beginning of the third trimester, it CANNOT have mental existence (as supported by evidence of neurologists). Therefore, I do not give it rights. 2) At some point, there is concrete evidence of mental existence - perhaps once it first gains consciousness. It clearly has rights for me at that stage. 3) There is a period of time from around the beginning of the third trimester to the point where we definitely know it has mental existence. During this time, we just don't know either way if it has mental existence. One can either err on the side of caution (as I do) and say that, since it CAN have mental existence during this time, give the fetus rights. This runs the smallest risk (indeed zero risk) of unjustly aborting a fetus that might actually have mental existence at that moment. Otherwise, one can err on the side of certainty and not grant the fetus rights until mental existence is proven. That runs a fairly big risk of unjustly aborting a fetus that might have mental existence at that moment - which is why I prefer to err on the side of caution instead.  You even said so yourself the unborn can have mental existence. "Can" means the possibility, the unborn in its earliest stages will develop to gain mental awareness.   It is not a different species prior to mental existence, it is an unborn, it can become mentally aware.   It can.   Look, as I have, at various ways in which people use the term "those as yet unborn". When I googled that term, it usually referred to future generations. Either way, this is not an important point since I have already showed that Amnesty International is neutral on the subject of abortion (or even currently leaning toward supporting abortion rights). Where your quote is concerned, few people care what Peter Benenson said. He is only known because of founding the organization Amnesty International that does have world clout.  I also refered to the UN Declaration of Human Rights (the most relevant to our arguement) and how it does not outline fetal rights as being included. I noticed that you ignored that.  You also have still not given a reference to the Human Rights Act which you mentioned. As I said, I tried Googling it but found nothing with regard to a general US Human Rights Act. So, which one do you mean? Supply a link if you want to use that as an arguement.  This part of the discussion started because you claimed that human rights include the unborn. Even if Peter Benenson was clearly pro-life (which you have yet to prove with a link), it is of little importance compared to the fact that the UN and Amnesty International do not include the unborn in their view of human rights. These are two organizations that are well known and respected in the world where human rights are concerned and can, to some degree, be considered to voice global opinions on human rights. Barely anybody knows or really cares who Peter Benenson was - including me, since I hadn't even heard his name until you mentioned him. I doubt that most people in this forum know who he is either. Therefore, he certainly does not speak for the world view of human rights - at least MUCH MUCH less so than do the organizations of the UN or Amnesty International.  It is an important point, the point is that these human rights were designed to help those it has now turned its back on. Peter Benenson, who paved the way for humans to have rights, did so to protect the most vulnerable. Now, the most vulnerable have become the victims of the very organisation Peter Benenson had designed to protect. Furthermore, Peter Benenson the founder of amnesty international and human rights was talking about the unborn, when he said : "Countless people, facing persecution the world over - people living and those as yet unborn". Because he says people are "facing" persecution, in as much as persecution is happening now, the unborn are facing persecution.
You are missing the point again. "Can" here does not mean the possibility of something happening in the FUTURE, I was talking about the possibility of the fetus having mental existance *NOW*. If you think I meant otherwise, use quotes of my text to substantiate your claim.    It does have the possibility *NOW*, do you even know what possibility means?    Women with unwanted pregnancies face persecution when they are denied an abortion because of pro-life agendas in various countries. It is all a mater of perspective. You have not given any convincing arguement as to why a first and second trimester fetus should have rights. You talk about human rights needing to be universally extended to early fetuses / embryos as well but you cannot come up with any globally respected human rights organization that supports that view. You only seem to be able to refer to one man who most people have never heard of (including myself, prior to your post) and who almost nobody cares about and his particular views. You can't even supply a post which shows he clearly supports pro-life views - just a quote of someone praising him. Even that quote contains wording that a simple Google search shows means something else that you think it means. Your view is sorely lacking in evidence. You need to present a lot more arguements with links if you think you will be at all convincing. I have already supplied links about the UN and Amnesty International - far stronger supported arguements.  I do not need to do any such thing, my point has been made. Peter Benenson is the father of human rights, and it was his goal to defend humans, and that is what the unborn are, they are humans. He has even specified the unborn, there is nothing you can say to refute these facts.
You are clearly not bothering to understand my stance and I have repeated it so many times that I have lost patience with repeating it. All the other pro-life proponents that I have had discussions with understood it much faster than you. It is abundantly clear to me that your method of debate is to distort people's views (either deliberately or through lack of reading comprehension or logic) and argue against those distorted views - not against the actual person's view. Anyway, since you have made little to no attempt to understand my posts, I will opt out of this particular part of the discussion.  Are you denying that they have the possibility?   If you think any large portion of people in the world recognize Peter Benenson as the authority on human rights, you are fooling yourself. Large numbers of people do recognize the UN and Amnesty International as authorities on human rights.   Besides, you still haven't even given a link stating explicitly that Peter Benenson was a pro-life proponent. I tried to search that out myself and couldn't find any such link (ex. by Googling with the keywords Peter Benenson and abortion). It is interesting to note that even pro-life sites that I came across did not say he was pro-life, just that he was a Catholic (which may or may not mean that he was a pro-life advocate). An example is this site: http://www.lifesite.net/ldn/2006/jun/06060208.html - which is a pro-life site. You would think that a pro-life site that is arguing against Amnesty International becoming pro-choice would certainly state the fact that Peter Benenson was an advocate for pro-life if it were true - especially since they are already mentioning him as the founder of Amnesty International so they would have had every opportunity.  So, none of your arguements have been proven. No recognized world authority on human rights (of which the UN and Amnesty International are by far the most recognized and respected) support pre-birth fetuses as having the same rights as born people.  As for whether there are arguements that say that the unborn SHOULD have rights - that is what we are arguing in this abortion debate. Since recognized authorities don't agree with you, you have to present logical, rational arguements to convince people. To be honest, I don't fully agree with those recognized authorities either since I would prefer rights to be given around the beginning of the third trimester - not waiting until birth to give them. My arguement is for the criticality of mental existence and when it can first reside in a fetus. Your only arguement so far has been that you think that the fetus deserves human rights but you have not said WHY. So, specifically WHY do you think the embryo/fetus deserves human rights?  Foetuses are humans.  Game over.
Genocide  the deliberate killing of a large group of people, esp. those of a particular ethnic group or nation.   Therefore the abortion of a child is not genocide.  The unwanted unborn are an ethnic group.   Abortion is genocide.
Good answer.   As humans have feathers and wings.   First, world authorities do not recognize that fetuses have human rights. So, you have no support for your claim.  Second, the word "a human" has generally two definitions: From the online American Heritage Dictionary: hu·man (noun) 1. A member of the genus Homo and especially of the species H. sapiens. 2. A person: the extraordinary humans who explored Antarctica.  When people (at least most authorities in the world) speak of human rights, they appear to speak of the second definition - i.e. person, where we all obviously disagree on what person means. The great majority of times when the term "human rights" comes up, people are referring to governments who trod on them (ex. arresting or torturing and killing people who speak out against them, etc.). The only times I have heard "human rights" extrapolated to fetal rights is when pro-life proponents speak.  Besides, I asked you to go into specifics and you did not. Why? Because you seem to have no supporting arguements to justify that fetuses deserve human rights besides arguing that the "human rights" that people speak of refer also to zygotes, embryos and early fetuses - an unsupported claim. Unlike you, I have given numerous links about respected human rights organizations that show that this is NOT how the world authorities define human rights - the unborn are NOT included.   That is not an argument to suggest that the abortion is not genocide, it only strengthens the argument.
As eggs are chickens.   As humans have feathers and wings.
Perhaps you are not familiar with the use of analogy in the English language. When sinjin said "As eggs are chickens.", the analogy is: "eggs are to chickens" as "Foetuses are to humans"  Have you ever seen analogies used before? Perhaps you are so young that you have never taken any tests that included them, or you flunked those tests.  Maybe, there is no shame in failing tests or being young.   However, if you are to use that analogy, then I can say the analogy fails at the point the human egg is hatched by the sperm.    First, my response was about your lack of support in saying that embryos and fetuses deserve human rights. The genocide discussion was not one that you were holding with me but one that you were holding with Nefertari. Pay attention!  So, you have still not given any support as to why embryos/fetuses deserve human rights when all world respected human rights organizations do not include them. I see that you can't. You are just repeating yourself like a parrot saying "Because they are human".   The very fact that I said abortion is genocide means that it is not necessary for support to be shown to the unborn, since classic genocide is the organised dehumanisation of people.
Perhaps you got on this bus by mistake. Sperm fertilizes the egg...the egg (human) never hatches.  Settled.  Humans are nothing like chickens.   Genocide is the deliberate and systematic destruction of a racial, political or cultural group. You'd have to make a big stretch to have it applicable to the worldwide practice of abortion.  Where is the stretching to be done?
Fine, we have now settled that your mind is too simple to comprehend an analogy.  Yet you reject my analogy.     You're the one doing the stretching, so why don't you tell us?  No, this is what genocide is, it is in the definition, you show me where you have a problem with it, that would be easier.
Oh contrare! We each have two eyes, two feet, two breasts, one pecker, we breath oxygen, we can die of heat exhaustion, we sometimes fight to the death, we....  Sweet my analogy stands.   If there was a systematic, deliberate move on somewhere in the world to kill all unborn children, you might have a starting point. There is none.  Where ever abortion was first legalised, (Russia I think).   Besides, even if you found one, it would likely be called 'extinctocide' since we'd eventually all be dead.  Not true, nether is that word.
No, little darlin'. You missed the point about the analogies.   Elucidate.    Regardless of where or when abortion was first legalized, there has never been a deliberate, systematic targeting of ALL unborn babies. There was just permission given to rid one's womb of an unwanted attachment. Women who wanted children could stay pregnant.   I'm not talking about the wanted unborn, I'm talking about all the "Unwanted Unborn".  Nether is? I've been to the Netherlands, so it must mean something.  I know 'extinctocide' is not a currently defined word. But when the day comes that there's a deliberate, systematic drive to kill all unborn children, we'll have to make up a word for it. Genocide generally implies that someone is trying to get rid of an enemy. If we're trying to kill all unborn children, we're getting rid of ourselves...causing ourselves to become extinct...hence 'extinctocide" would be a good word to coin. You just need to remember when that day comes that I own the word.   Like I said:  I'm not talking about the wanted unborn, I'm talking about all the "Unwanted Unborn".
What analogy?  The human egg hatching.   As to genocide, let's look at good old Mr. Dictionary:  Yes, please do.    Now perhaps you can show me how abortion even remotely fits this?  Abortion is:  Systematic, (It is a right establish in law).  Planned, (Planned by: Planned parenthood, governments, etc, etc).   Extermination - ethnic group, (The Unwanted Unborn).
If I order a chicken salad sandwich but you give me egg salad can I send it back for cause? Btw fetuses don't represent an ethnic group. Are you purposely being thick or is it a condition?  Do you dispute that unborn humans are human?
It seems to be a condition, at least with him.  See above.
Why is unplugging brain dead humans not murder?  You tell me.
[Origin: 1940-45; < Gk géno(s) race + -cide]   -Related forms gen·o·cid·al, adjective  Dictionary.com Unabridged (v 1.1) Based on the Random House Unabridged Dictionary, © Random House, Inc. 2006.  American Heritage Dictionary - Cite This Source gen·o·cide (j?n'?-s?d') Pronunciation Key  n. The systematic and planned extermination of an entire national, racial, political, or ethnic group.    I submit that it does fall under the definition of genocide because the unborn are a National Group with no Political Power and therefore no Political protections, civil rights or human rights protection under the law. If the unborn could vote like the women who kill them, you can be sure the Politicians would protect them much more fervently.
The parrot speaks again. All you can seem to do is repeat the same arguement over and over despite the fact that you have shown no evidence that the term "human rights" (as used by any respected human rights organization and as used in everyday language) is extended to the unborn. Again, there are also two definitions of a human - i.e. 1. homo sapien and 2. person, where the fact that human rights organizations do not include the unborn in their use of the term "human rights" makes it obvious that by "human" they mean "person". If you will not address these points and will only keep repeating your arguements, then I will keep ridiculing you as a parrot that can just keep pointlessly repeating the same arguements over and over. Let the fun begin...  The insults fly again.  Genocide involves the dehumanisation of humans.
I feel that abortion is wrong for myself and the woman I am with but ultimately it is up to whoever is needing to make the choice. I cant dictate others beliefs.  The same statement can be said about any crime.
Can one spill an empty vessel?  So when I asked:  "Do you dispute that unborn humans are human?".  What you are saying is: No.
Originally Posted by jim's trucking  No, little darlin'. You missed the point about the analogies.     Rather than go way off topic with attempts to explain analogies, let's let it suffice to say that you could stand some tutoring. Having to guess your age and educational history makes it difficult to choose a starting point.  As you mature and learn the use of analogies, please remember that there is not necessarily an equality implied between the objects used within the analogy.  So what are the unborn humans if they are not human?
You must find this style of debate most effective. To answer in my own words- I don't dispute that early fetuses are human, I don't think it can be shown they are humans. Now, care to answer either of my questions?  So you think they are not humans.  What are they if they are not humans?  What species are they?
WHAT DID you miss when one states that they don't dispute that the unborn are human I DO indeed believe that that is answering your question   I don't think it can be shown they are humans.  Did you miss this bit?
And yet you still have no answer to my challenges to your position. Why am I not surprised? I was mocking the way you repeat your arguement without addressing the challenges to that arguement. As long as you do that, you deserve to be mocked for it.  I have not been challenged by you, as I said there is no requirement for this to be recognised by organisations, since it is organisations that carry out the genocide.   Apparently, no respected human rights organization agrees with you so your opinion is just that - your completely unsupported opinion. It would be like someone decrying the genocide of human eggs through contraception and the movement toward abstinence since, after all, human eggs are also human and are killed on a mass scale... How horrible! Billions of human lives being destroyed every month because of these actions. Genocide I say, Genocide!!!...(This should be read imagining a mocking voice).  Bottom line, no respected human rights organization considers abortion genocide. This is just your opinion and the opinion of some other pro-life people. It is NOT universally accepted. If you think that extrapolation IS accepted on a wider scale then supply a link. You can't, can you? No surprise there. You like stating opinion as fact and give no supporting links even when challenged to do so.   See above.   Furthermore, human eggs do not qualify as humans, a better analogy would be to compare them to a piece of skin of the mother. Human eggs are human eggs.
The UN and Amnesty International carry out genocide?!?! I was talking about HUMAN RIGHTS organizations, not ANY organization. If we are talking about human rights, the views of human rights organizations are indeed very important.   You seem to be missing the point that ideas and words have to have some universal or wide-ranging recognition for them to have any usefulness. The terms "genocide" and "human rights" are NOT recognized on any wide scale as including the rights of embryos and fetuses. You may have you personal definition of those terms as including the unborn but nobody cares about your personal definition. People care about how it is generally viewed, and where "genocide" and "human rights" are concerned, the human rights organizations (the ones I claim have the most clout when it comes to human rights issues) do NOT include the unborn in those terms. Do you claim that there is some other authority that has more clout about those terms than do human rights organizations? If so, then describe who they are and give a link.  Do you realise that black Americans where once in the same predicament?
Assuming you mean the predicament of not having human rights (not the predicament of genocide), then that was based on faulty reasoning that could easily have been disproven if the people of the time had tried. Specifically, people of the time thought that people of African origin were vastly inferior intellectually, and needed to be supervised. Simple experiments - such as trying to treat test-case Africans with reasonable respect and give them education and opportunities - would have shown, as the actual events have shown, that the differences between blacks and whites are minor and there is far more variation between people of a particular race than between races. Therefore, the arguements of the whites who claimed rights to own slaves were based on reasons that we know are wrong - they have been proven wrong. In contrast, there IS a good arguement on requiring severely mentally handicapped people to be supervised and have limited freedoms (ex. of walking wherever they like) since, unlike Africans, they ARE severely limited mentally.   Is there some claim or arguement that you think those on the pro-choice side make which can be proven false? Otherwise, your comparison has no relevance.   Just keep talking, everything you are saying is validating my argument.
In what way?    Well you may as well have answered my previous question with a: Yes.
I see you lack reading comprehension again. They were not in the SAME predicament since the reasons that were presented for their unequal treatment were proven wrong. You have not proven that any of the pro-choice arguements that I have presented are wrong.   You seem to assume that all that is needed for human rights is a complete unique set of human DNA in a growing organism - which is a good description of a zygote and early embryo. Most people think that you need more than that for rights. This includes human rights organizations.   So, why do we grant rights? I think that the main thing that drives people to give rights is a sense of empathy. We can imagine ourselves in that situation and empathize with the suffering, loss or other negatives that the being in question might experience. So, we don't treat others badly and we grant them (and ourselves) rights in order to avoid such bad treatment. This is the way in which children above the age of toddlers are often taught morals - i.e. "How would YOU like it if that was done to YOU?". That only works if the being that you are trying to empathize with has a mental existence. You cannot empathize with a rock, nor do you give it rights.  It is not a surprise that you consistently insult me, and fail to debate as an adult. I can see ever more clearly that abortion and domestic violence have a direct correlation, your own actions as an abortion activist are evidence, it comes across in your overtones.   However, your comments again, have only demonstrated that the predicament of the unwanted unborn is much like that of black Americans.
It is hypocracy in the extreme for you to say that I am failing to debate as an adult. You constantly misrepresent my post and the post of others and rarely answer direct question - the hallmark of an irresponsible poster.  Since you have consistently misrepresented almost all of my posts and rarely respond directly to a question of mine, I am left with one of a few choices: 1. You are doing it deliberately 2. You are doing it because you have poor reading comprehension and/or logic  It is extremely frustrating to have one's posts constantly misrepresented, which is why there is a rule against it on this forum. You are one of the first posters whose constant misrepresentation of my post and avoidance of answering questions directly has made me lose patience.   Also, if I have been rude at all, that is also a response to your rudeness. You are far from being a respectful poster.   Any comments of mine were in direct response to your irresponsible actions as a debater. In this world, people are judged by their words and actions. When people act badly, they are called on it. Do you think you are above judgment?  Once again, you have failed to address the points in my comments. The reason is obvious - you have no logical arguement against those points.  I have no need to address the points you have made, you literally vindicated my comment. Just because I don't say the things that you want to hear, it doesn't mean that I fail to address your points. For genocide to exist, it is not required that organisations recognise it. This is not in the definition of genocide, it is not a requirement, in fact it requires organisations to perpetrate these acts for it to be classified as genocide. Do you understand? How many more times do I have to make this point to you?
Interesting, let us see who is the irresponsible debater here: 1) I always try to answer your questions directly. Most of the time, you ignore my questions (as well as the questions of other posters) --< You lose 2) I always try to comprehend your posts and represent them correctly. You constantly misrepresent my posts and the posts of others.---< You lose 3) I may have been rude on occasion to you but you have also been rude to me. At least both our rudeness is directly due to our discussion and doesn't stray to unrelated aspects. ---< A tie where rudeness is concerned.  So, 2 to 0--< Of the two of us, you are the one who is the irresponsible poster here. Otherwise, do you claim that I have misrepresented your posts or not tried to answer your questions? If so, then use quotes to justify your claim.  I am not expecting you to give answers that I want to hear but I DO expect that you at least address point that are brought up - something which you fail to do most of the time. Addressing points means giving an answer to them - either agreement or disagreement and the reasons behind that. That is how debates are run.  You are making up your own definition of genocide. Nobody cares what your personal definition is unless you can give specific detailed reasons supporting that definition - something you have failed to do.   People DO care how world respected human rights organizations define genocide since they are the ones typically fighting it in the world and since they are considered an authority on the subject.   The meanings of words and phrases are not arbitrary. The meanings of phrases are based on how those phrases are commonly used. You can't just go and make up your own meaning. When figuring out how phrases are commonly used, one often looks to authorities on the subject. Where human rights and genocide are concerned, one then looks at the authority of human rights organizations - such as the UN and Amnesty International. You seem to think it is ok to just make up your own meaning of that phrase. If not, then you need to show that the meaning which you choose (that extrapolates to the unborn) is the commonly used meaning. You can't, can you?   My definition is this one, it is neutral, I would not trust an organisation that is corrupt and perpetrates genocide to define the definition, that would be silly.  gen·o·cide (j&#277;n'&#601;-s&#299;d')  n.  The systematic and planned extermination of an entire national, racial, political, or ethnic group.  List all the points you believe I have not addressed, lets see them.
Prove that the UN or Amnesty International (the HUMAN RIGHTS groups that I refered to as authorities on the subject of genocide and human rights) perpetrate genocide.   They promote the killing of humans.   You are the one making the extrapolation that ethnic groups refer also to the unborn. Extrapolate away... Since the great majority of people do not agree with you about that extrapolation, nobody cares about that view. If you want people to care about your lonely view of the definition of genocide, then you need to give further detailed explanations as to why you think that extrapolation is valid.  Wrong!  I'm not the only one to believe this.   www.abortionno.org www.blackgenocide.org speakout.com www.loxafamosity.com www.dw-world.de www.newsmax.com  And I could go on and on.  Furthermore, I make no such "extrapolation", I claim the unwanted unborn are an ethnic group, please stop misinterpreting my view. 
*sigh*  Looks like it is once again time to ask Mr. Dictionary. Here is what he says:  Perhaps you could show us what distinctive culture, religion, language, etc. foetuses and zygotes have?   Read post 262.
Read post 261 and answer the d@mn question.  Aggressive requests are not necessary.  Sure I will answer your question, when you show me how the same definition applies to all black people.
Apparently you can't even comprehend the word "racial". Now answer the question (or can you not comprehend that either?)  Black people make up many races.
If you are talking about the occasional calls for military action by the UN Security Council, then that is far from genocide. The majority of pro-life people seem to be for the death penalty as well as being pro Iraq War, so they promote the killing of humans as well.   1. No, I'm not.   2. And neither do I promote the use of the death penalty.  3. Please prove that the majority of Pro-life are for the death penalty.   You specifically said "I would not trust an organisation that is corrupt and perpetrates genocide to define the definition, that would be silly." Since you used the word genocide when referring to the organizations I mentioned, you need to justify your claim. I see from this post that you are trying to wiggle your way out of that - backpeddling all the way.   I do not have to do anything. I give a definition of genocide that is neutral. You give a biased one. I don't think it is fair to use the definition of genocide as interpreted by an organisation that commits it. They promote abortion.   Be serious.   I am not misinterpreting you. You are making a claim that the unwanted unborn are an ethnic group. I am making an arguement that this claim of yours is an extrapolation from its usual meaning. In other words, I disagree with your claim and call it an extrapolation. Indeed, from ShadowPikachu's post showing the exact definition of "ethnic group", it is clear that your extrapolation is invalid. I also noticed that you have not countered that post directly - i.e. you did not explain how the unwanted unborn fit into that definition.  Yes you have, you deliberately left out the word "unwanted".   I disagree, the unwanted unborn share a distinctive culture.   Also, I did not say that you were the only one making that extrapolation, only that yours is the minority view - i.e. the majority believe otherwise. I noticed that most of the sites which you quoted were pro-life sites. The other two were news sites, where one just mentioned readers comments (which are not representative of the newspapers views but of some of the readers) and the other talked about the killing of born girls in China (to circumvent the one-child rule) and criticized the forced abortions in China - it was NOT saying that all abortions are genocide.  Then explain this:  "If you want people to care about your lonely view of the definition of genocide".  As for the pro-life sites, sure, you may share your definition of genocide with many other pro-lifers but that is not the majority view. Indeed, only 28% of people in the US think that abortion should be outlawed in the first trimester - so, at most, 28% think abortion is genocide - leaving 72% who don't.   That proves nothing, I'm sure American opinion would have looked the same during the civil rights movement with regards to black people.
80% of Republicans support the death penalty (from http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/arti...id=23&did=1266 )  The great majority of pro-life proponents are Republicans.  A very poor effort there.   Not even so much as the mention of the word pro-life in the entire text. Furthermore, that is a representation of the USA. There are pro-life people in other countries other than America.   Keep talking.    We both use the same definition of genocide, but you make an extrapolation that ethnic groups refers to the unwanted unborn, and I do not. As for the UN or Amnesty International, I don't think that they promote abortion - just might give abortion rights in some cases (at least the proposed changes in Amnesty International support that). So, does that mean you think Amnesty International committs genocide because it wants to support a woman's right to choose abortion herself? That is a skewed point of view but not surprising. So it is clear that you see the Amnesty International biased on this issue since it is leaning pro-choice. Ok, then, I will be willing to drop from my list of unbiased authorities organizations that are clearly pro-choice (as opposed to neutral) and will also not count any view from pro-life organizations as being authorities.  Excellent, now what is your problem with abortion being deemed as genocide?   That's funny. Of all the gross misrepresentations that you have made of my posts, the only thing that you can find of me misrepresenting your post is my ommitting of the word "unwanted". That was actually done unintentionally on my part since I was typing away quickly. Sure, I should have included it. Either way, why would "unwanted unborn" be an ethnic group if "unborn" is not? I would think that the logic, or lack thereof, of including one in the definition of ethnic group would apply just as easily to the other one. (This equal relevance is another reason why I didn't notice leaving the word "unwanted" out).  Do not under estimate how critical that word is to the entire debate, your argument is already weak when it is pitched against my argument if I was to use the term "unborn" alone, but the use of the word "unwanted" is what gives my argument superiority over your own. Your omission of the word was intentional or at least negligent.   The unwanted unborn have a culture?!?! Do you even know what the term culture means?  cul·ture (k&#365;l'ch&#601;r)  n.  The totality of socially transmitted behaviour patterns, arts, beliefs, institutions, and all other products of human work and thought. These patterns, traits, and products considered as the expression of a particular period, class, community, or population: Edwardian culture; Japanese culture; the culture of poverty. These patterns, traits, and products considered with respect to a particular category, such as a field, subject, or mode of expression: religious culture in the Middle Ages; musical culture; oral culture. The predominating attitudes and behaviour that characterize the functioning of a group or organization. Intellectual and artistic activity and the works produced by it.  Development of the intellect through training or education. Enlightenment resulting from such training or education. A high degree of taste and refinement formed by aesthetic and intellectual training. Special training and development: voice culture for singers and actors. The cultivation of soil; tillage. The breeding of animals or growing of plants, especially to produce improved stock. Biology.  The growing of micro-organisms, tissue cells, or other living matter in a specially prepared nutrient medium. Such a growth or colony, as of bacteria.  That is the definition, I would say the unwanted unborn fit into a few of the categories, but the most applicable would be: the predominating attitudes and behaviour that characterize the functioning of a group or organization.   And people were able to get rid of slavery and most of discrimination based on RATIONAL ARGUEMENT, as well as the actions to support that. You have not made a relevant connection from voluntary abortion of the the unwanted unborn to discrimination against African Americans. Your only connection is in ASSUMING that the early unborn DESERVE rights. You have not specifically stated WHY they deserve rights. If you have no reasons to present, then why should people change their view. Civil rights activists gave lots of rational reasons why things should change. If it were not for their rational arguements that came along with their actions, I doubt if much would have changed. I am still waiting for your rational arguements.  What is so irrational about this:  per·son (pûr's&#601;n) n.  1.A living human.    Black people were given the right to live in freedom because black people fort to be recognised as people, and the struggle is not over.   The day people like you recognise the unborn as people, is the day the unwanted unborn will have their freedom, and when the unwanted unborn are no longer subject to abortion, there will be another ethnic group that will be subject to genocide, and so, on it goes, man's inhumanity to man. I have my suspicions it will be the elderly, in about 50 years time.
And what culture is this? Are we going to have to go to each and every word and explain the English language to you or wil you use some common sense and look up the word before making such ridiculous claims?  Read post 272.
 So, I guess you missed the sentence - "The great majority of pro-life proponents are Republicans." Given that there were only two sentences, it is funny that you should have missed the second one.  No, I didn't, unlike you who seems to have completely missed the word pro-life.   Where is the proof?  I was talking about the US. Either way, it is not an important point to dwell on so I am just letting this drop. It is too much of a tangent.  You concede on this point, good.  It is not defined as genocide, so the burden of proof is yours to convince people to include it as genocide.   Sure I will, however can you show me how the killing of all black people is genocide?  Lets see if I got this right. In one sentence (out of loads of sentences), I forgot to include the word unwanted. That specific sentence referred to my denial of your claim that "unwanted unborn" are an ethnic group. When I questioned whether the term "unwanted" was important, it was only in the context of whether it was important to the question of whether it would fall under the term ethnic group. What logic, or lack thereof, did you use to extrapolate from that to claim that I think the term unwanted is unimportant to the rest of your arguement? Tsk. Tsk. Illogical.  You obviously underestimate the power of words.   Anyway, I give you the benefit of the doubt, I'll put it down to your clumsiness.   How can one have attitudes or behaviors without mental existence - much less having non-mentally existing beings functioning in a group or organization? You can't. So that one is out. What others do you think are applicable?  There is no requirement for mental existence, culture is recognised in the observations of differences in groups. The definition describes the behaviour that characterise the functioning of a group. There are attitudes and behaviours forwards the unwanted unborn that characterise the functioning of all the unwanted unborn.   Well, all you have done in this last part of your post is to restate one definition of the word "person" out of a choice of at least three (without justifying why you think that is the only valid definition).   I'm not claiming it is the only definition, I'm saying a human is a person, like it says. There is no criteria for the definition of the word to fulfil the entire description in the list. If we did we would have to exclude most people from personhood on account of the fact that they do not play characters in plays, since it was given as an alternative definition for a person.   Outside of that, you have made comparisons to the struggle of black people again without going into details in the comparison. For example, you could state specifically why YOU thought the discrimination against black people was wrong and how that specifically relates to abortion.   You need me to tell you why killing black people is wrong?
I missed the word pro-life, yet I included it in my reply? Your argument makes no sense.   Yes you missed the word pro-life, you made a claim and attempted to substantiate it with something totally irrelevant, there was not even the mention of the word pro-life in the entire document. It is weak just like your entire argument, in fact I don't think you have substantiated a single assertion you have made.   If there had been a mass killing of black people because they were black, then that would have been classified as genocide because of their RACE where racial groups are one of the groups described under the definition of genocide. There are subdivisions of that general racial group into various more distinct African racial groups, as well as mixed black-white, black-Asian, etc. - but the general categories of race still are relevant and are used in both legal and every day context.   No, black people make up many races.   They share different cultures, it is racist and ignorant to claim they are all the same.   Try again.   You are funny. You misrepresented my post by saying that I think the word "unwanted" was irrelevant to the whole arguement (not just in the context of whether (unwanted) unborn fits to the term ethnic groups) and when I challenge you on that misrepresentation, you cannot explain how you did not misrepresent my post and you say instead that it is due to my clumsiness. I am suspecting that misrepresentation of posts is the only tool you use in debate, along with avoidance of questions. You do realize that it is against the rules of this forum to deliberately misrepresent posts, don't you?  Where do you get the audacity to make such statements?  I was talking about the "unwanted unborn", so don't play dumb by referring to just the unborn.   I remind you that the section of the definition of culture that you claimed applied to the unwanted unborn was "The predominating attitudes and behaviour that characterize the functioning of a group or organization." That suggests first that the beings in question have an attitude or behavior. Rocks, plants, and other non-mentally existing beings cannot have an attitude or behavior. Also, the second requirement of that section of the definition is the "functioning of a group or organization" made up of the beings in question. How, pray tell, do the unwanted unborn function in a group or organization?  Wrong, the behaviour and attitude is identified in the way that others perceive them and treat them.   Ok, so you agree that your definition of person is only one of a number of valid definitions. Right?  You are deliberately ignoring what I'm saying.  You do not see in my text where it says: "I'm not claiming it is the only definition"  Are you blind?  I agree with them ALL.   The unborn are people just as other definitions describe people too.   Read what I'm saying.  Will it help if I wrote it in a huge text size?  Maybe, you need it in a particular font?  I agree with all the definitions.   Understand?   Answer my question first since I asked you first. This is another one of the tools in your debate method - avoidance of answering questions when you know you don't have a good answer.  Let me put it to you like this?  Do you really need me to tell you why killing black people is wrong?  That is a silly question, isn't it?
Couple things. Brain dead folks are both living and human but have lost what made them persons are therefore it is not murder to unplug them. Secondly, the dictionary cannot be used to answer moral questions. Is your own stance dictated by the dictionary? I suspect another text is the source of your morality on this issue.   Too bad, the unborn have not lost this, the best analogy you could use is to equate them to those in temporary comas.
Not lost but have yet to gain somewhere early in the third trimester. People in temporary comas still have higher brain function unlike early term fetuses.  Does a man that is unconscious have mental existence?
Do you dream?  I do dream, and sometimes I have nightmares.
That would be evidence of mental existence while unconscious would it not?  Sleep is semi consciousness.   Not unconsciousness.
There was the mention of the word pro-life in my response to your request for proof. This part of the discussion is getting so petty that I am dropping it - flame away however you like.  You are defeated here.   First, you seemed to have missed my sentence: "There are subdivisions of that general racial group into various more distinct African racial groups, as well as mixed black-white, black-Asian, etc. - but the general categories of race still are relevant and are used in both legal and every day context. "  So, by your comment, you have only shown again that you have poor reading comprehension. Pay attention when you read !  Also, the US government and other governments I have encountered, as well as most African Americans themselves refer to black (or African American, etc.) as a racial category. Perhaps you don't understand the idea (as most do) that there are many levels and sublevels of racial categories.   If they make up many races as you say, according to your own strict interpretations, it is not genocide.   What do they have in common? Black skin, where is that a criteria under the definition of genocide? Remember they make up many races.   You are defeated here.   Your lack of reading comprehension never fails to astound me. I will spell it out for you. In my post #260, I said "You are the one making the extrapolation that ethnic groups refer also to the unborn. " where I had forgotten to include the word unwanted.  When you pointed out my lack of the use of the word unborn in that sentence, then, in post #270, I admitted to the misrepresentation, said it was not deliberate but an accident, but questioned whether it would have made any difference in the arguement of whether the unborn vs unwanted unborn are part of an ethnic group. ***NOTE: I only questioned the need for the word "unwanted" in the situation of the validity of using the term ethnic group - NOT in ALL situations.***  Since then, you have claimed that I thought the word "unwanted" was un-necessary to the entire debate. This claim is wrong and I challenge you to quote me to substantiate it. You can't, can you? That is because you have misrepresented my post #270. You have misrepresented so many of my posts that occasionally, out of sheer frustration, I make a comment.  Don't try and turn the table on me, you made the mistake not me, just as you claimed that most pro-life people support the death penalty, it was a huge mistake, yet just another wild claim and totally unsubstantiated. You fail time after time, and will not admit it.   You are defeated here.   I see that ShadowPikachu was right when claiming that you will end up challenging each and every word. I have no doubt that, if I look up the definition of behavior or attitude (which I was about to do but stopped) to show you that you are wrong, then you would twist some word within that definition...ad infinitum. This is getting too ridiculous so I am dropping this part of the discussion with the full knowledge that any other readers can see how you distort the meanings of words. If you don't see that, then frankly I just don't care anymore.  Is that all you can say?  You are defeated here.   I see that, along with reading comprehension problems, you have problems comprehending English. The sentence I wrote to which you are responding was: "Ok, so you agree that your definition of person is only one of a number of valid definitions. Right?'. When I say "one of a number of valid definitions", that means that yours is a valid definition and so are the others - i.e. yours is one of many valid definitions. In your response here, you wrote:  You do not see in my text where it says: "I'm not claiming it is the only definition"  If you can (which is highly doubtful), explain how you could have interpreted my sentence to mean that I still claimed that you thought your definition of person was the only valid one.  What else can be deduced from your question other than to challenge what I deem as a valid definition?  I see what you are doing, you are trying to distract from the fact that the definition of person includes humans, what a sly trick.   You are defeated here.    You are missing the point AGAIN. I had asked you "Outside of that, you have made comparisons to the struggle of black people again without going into details in the comparison. For example, you could state specifically why YOU thought the discrimination against black people was wrong and how that specifically relates to abortion. '  In that question, I was asking you to make the comparison directly - i.e. to state your reasons for thinking discrimination against black people is wrong and to apply those to the abortion debate. The reason I asked this is that the reasons I have for thinking discrimination is wrong (mainly based on empathy for the suffering of those who would suffer such discrimination) is completely unrelated to abortion of early fetuses an embryos. If you have a reason that IS related, then state it and state HOW it is related. So often, when I ask you for SPECIFICS, you dodge the question. Perhaps because you have no reasonable specific arguement to present.   So to show that the genocide of Kurds by Sadam Hussain was true, I have to show a comparison between this, and the genocide of black people by white Americans?  Don't be silly.   You are defeated here.  Game over.
Silly person. You distort definitions and then claim victory while not addressing any of my counterpoints. Why do you not address them? Because you have no logical reason. As for your comment of black not being a general category, the US government and blacks themselves disagree with you. Again, there are general categories of race and, under that, there are subcategories (ex. specific African racial groups). It is a simple concept.  Silly person - claiming victory where you have no justification. I noticed once again that you avoided the points which I brought up, as well as completely changing the subject. Why? Because, if you follow our discussion, any logical person will see that I am right. You have no way to defend yourself besides changing the topic.  Silly person. You distort definition after definition and claim defeat by making people so irate with your irresponsibility that they give up on you, then you claim victory. ROFL  Silly person. Once again you are distorting my views and claiming victory based on those distortions. Since you seem incapable of winning an arguement by logic, I see that this is the only way you can try to claim victory. As for this argument, if you claim that I do not include human as one of the definitions of person, then substantiate that with quotes from my posts. You can't, can you? Typical.  Silly person. Yet again, you miss the point and then claim victory based on your lack of comprehension and logic.   If you are trying to extend the definition of genocide or discrimination from its standard definition to include fetuses and embryos, you have to show in what way SPECIFICALLY the two are related.  Are you EVER going to give detailed, logical reasons behind your views? I am starting to think that it will never happen. All you have are distortions, unsupported statements, misrepresentations of my posts and the posts of others, avoidance of addressing difficult questions, ...   Well I think it is highly unlikely that I would miss the point on every single one of your comments all of a sudden, just as it so happens that I bring the debate to a conclusion. You were quite happy to accept my earlier comments, when it looked slightly less gloomy for you.   Let me wrap things up:  A human is a person, I think we both agree on that, the dictionary is very clear about it.  An unborn is a human therefore it is a person.  Killing people in the millions is genocide if the reason is to kill them for convenience.  If killing the unborn is killing people than it is hardly necessary for me to prove that the unwanted unborn are an ethnic group in order to prove their deaths amount to genocide, regardless I have shown you that they are. I could also show how they fit the description of other formats to include them as an ethnic group, if you wish.  In fact it is easier to show that the killing of the unwanted unborn is genocide, than it would to show the same conclusion of all black people, you demonstrated this yourself, since you failed miserably to prove it.  Conclusion, abortion is genocide.
sleep - A natural and healthy, but temporary and periodical, suspension of the functions of the organs of sense, as well as of those of the voluntary and rational soul; that state of the animal in which there is a lessened acuteness of sensory perception, a confusion of ideas, and a loss of mental control, followed by a more or less unconscious state.  http://www.brainyquote.com/words/sl/sleep220507.html  If you insist.  Now prove that a man in a temporary coma has mental existence.
I know it is wishful thinking for "_____" to write anything of value for me, but I want to point out that the above bolded statement needs further definition.  Well who would dispute it?  Look at every example of genocide ever perpetrated, those that died were inconvenient.  Or are you claiming that they are convenient, and their deaths were just for fun?
AH! The epic question again. IS ABORTION RIGHT OR WRONG?   Well, can anyone tell me for one hundred percent, who has the right answer and who has the wrong answer in a society where we all have fundamental rights? Is it the proabortionist, or the anti abortionist. Many years ago, when I was quite naive, I thought that abortion was wrong. Now I have come to another conclusion. And that conclusion is not that Abortion is right either. Becase i just do not know if abortion is right or wrong, as no one has the correct confirmative answer. Some asy its totally wrong, others say that it is ok after a specified time period, and on and on they bicker about this issue.  I truth, we as humans should be concentrating our energies on what are real issues, trying to stop crimes, hatred, discrimination, abuse of women and children, corruption etc - REAL ISSUES, but we spend our time meddling with things like these, when the world's masses are starving and being robbed.  SO WHAT IS MY SOLUTION TO THIS TIMELESS DEBATE. Not that abortion is right, or abortion is wrong. I just don't know. And those who feel they know, think again. What proof you have that says that you are right and another person is wrong.  WE MUST LEGALISE ABORTION. this is how the needs of all would be met on this issue. Those who support abortions if they want to can have one in this way that is safe and does not break the law. Those against it, don't have one, that your right. and it will be your right as well to try to talk to those who might want one, to try to convince them not to have one. But at the end of the day, since the choice rests with the individual, she will be in her legal rights to say yes or no.  You notice there are problems in the world, perhaps these problems stem from the way we treat the most vulnerable in society?   Arguing the case that people should not have abortions if they do not want them and those that do, ought to be allowed them, is a mistake. By your very suggestion you are either claiming that the unborn are not people or you are excluding some people from this right to choose.
You've shown that in your logic that abortion = genocide, if it's done mainly for convenience. I do not agree that abortion is done mainly for convenience, therefore, by your logic, I do not agree that abortion = genocide.  That's why I was suggesting more clarification on "convenience".  No, I have shown that this is true regardless, the killing of the unwanted unborn is genocide.  I have shown that killing in the millions is genocide.  I have also shown the killing in the millions for convenience is genocide.  Why did so many Jews die in WW2? They were inconvenient.   Why did so many Kurds die at the hands of Sadam? They were inconvenient.   Why do so many Unwanted unborn die? They are inconvenient.
Well, I have to agree with your first line, since it was JK Rowling in "Harry Potter" who indeed noted that the true test of man is not how he treats is superior or eual, but how he treats his inferiors.  But beyond all of that, I beg to differ. I am not claiming that the unborn is not a person, but at the same time, do I have the 100% conficence to say that the unborn is a person? I do not know becuase according to some people, the unborn is a person, while to others it is not, and I am not enlightened enought to tell them they are right or wrong. That is because i just do not know, and no one will ever know. So I am trying to respect all these views.  Hence I advocate for the legalisation of abortion and not on the morality of abortion. In the minds of those who may or may not think that the unborn is a person, they are right, and so they must have the right to enforce there thoughts, since we have no proof to suggest otherwise. By legalisation we hare not taking away anyones right to choose, since if you wnat to, you can, but if you do not want to becasue you are against it, you are well in your rights not to have one.  Right, let me put it to you like this:  A man is about to be buried, however one man claims that the man in the coffin is alive, another man says, no he isn't, just bury him.   Do you bury him before confirming that there is a person in the coffin, or do you just bury him because someone believes that there is not a person there?
Wow - you are biggest master of trivialization I have yet seen.   Why not post that Jes in WWII were killed by Germany because of long-standing anti-semitism in that country and scapegoating after the great depression? I guess that to your argument the facts of the matter were "inconvenient".  By the way- your claims of defeat are ludicrous. If you want a formal debate there is particular section of this forum set up for it and you don't get to judge yourself.  What you have just said is proof that they were truly inconvenient.   It doesn't matter how they become inconvenient, merely that they are inconvenient.
Let me commend you for this interesting analogy. However, I wish to point out to you that it, in my view has a flaw. you see, in this anology, whether or not the man in the coffin is dead can be proven, either scientifically, or by the test of time. It will be like a sitiuation created in the novel " Black Midas," form guyana, where, if the man is really dead, in three days time, it will stink to the heavens above, and the authorities would move in and order a burial.  The abortion issue cannot compare. There is just no way at this time to prove that abortion is right or wrong since no one has the right answer to the question" when does life begin?".  You have just applied a test to see if there is a person in the coffin, where is the test for the unborn?
Your statement was that..."Killing people in the millions is genocide if the reason is to kill them for convenience".   You have not defined 'convenience' in the case of abortion. Therefore, you have not shown concretely with your logic how abortion = genocide.  I would be interested in your proof that the 'unwanted unborn die because they are inconvenient'.  Why are they killed then?  I would be interested to know?
Well, the only thing we seem to agree on is that this discussion has run its course and it is time to stop it.  People will judge for themselves which one of us is right by the arguements we present. They can see for themselves how you have twisted definitions, misrepresented my posts, severely lacked logic, etc. I do not need to repeat my stance yet again since, no doubt, you would find yet another way to distort and misrepresent it.   I am perfectly happy to let my arguements stand - MY arguements, not your distorted version of my arguements.  Show me where I have twisted your definitions.
Let's not get sidetracked.  You need to define convenience for your equation (abortion = genocide) to be sound, unless you want to edit your equation.  Since this is a point of contention for many people (what is a convenience and what is not) I'm interested in your proof.  con·ven·ience (k&#601;n-v&#275;n'y&#601;ns)  n.  1.The quality of being suitable to one's comfort, purposes, or needs: the convenience of living near shops, schools, and libraries.  2.Personal comfort or advantage: services that promote the customer's convenience.  3.Something that increases comfort or saves work: household conveniences such as a washing machine, an electric can opener, and disposable diapers. See synonyms at amenity.  4.A suitable or agreeable time: Fill out the form at your earliest convenience.  5.Chiefly British. A lavatory.
Please site your source.  Then apply to the situation at hand.  Let's not get sidetracked.
Apply the definition you have posted to prove that abortions are done for convenience and, by your logic, prove that abortion = genocide.  Don't forget to cite your sources. emoticon_xangel  I think it is time for you to answer some of my questions for a change.  Why are most abortions carried out if not because the unwanted unborn are inconvenient.
I do not need to prove your hypothesis, you do.   I learned that from you.  I don't need to show you twice, do I?
If you can apply a test on the unborn to settle abortion is wrong or right, then i will accept the finding of such a test as that test would have given light to a truth. But do we have such a test? No we do not and until such a time, we have no right answer. Hence abortion should be legalised.  So you would bury the man in the coffin without a test too, should no test have been thought of.
No, only once.  Still waiting...   Well as I have said before, every case of genocide sees the victims killed merely for convenience.   Show me one case where it is not true, that would be easier, surely.
It is not my responsibility to prove your hypothesis. If it's too difficult for you, you need to edit your equation.  Every case of genocide sees the victim as an inconvenience.  That means that not in just two cases of genocide, or three cases of genocide or four or five cases of genocide, but in every single case of genocide the victims were inconvenient.   I have proved beyond reasonable doubt that genocide seeks to kill the inconvenient.  Well and truly proven.
What is the opinion of the forum on the new laws in SC and GA requiring women seeking abortions to have to view an ultrasound prior to the procedure?  Seeing the truth is good.
There has already been many, and they prove that an embryo does not have mental existence. Hence, they are legally dead.  How does something dead grow?
No you haven't, not one bit. You just spit out your distorted view on life, and then try to force it on others. Many people do not wish your or other pro-lifer's stupidity be forced upon them. Live and let live, do not interfere with other peoples lives. Science has proven that embryos are not people, they are merely a hunk of flesh with no mental existence floating around inside of a woman, and the pro-lifers think that that piece of flesh should devoid the woman its feeding off of all her rights to liberty and the pursuit of happiness. You can think whatever you want, just do not force your baseless ignorance upon me.    1.) What have I forced on you?  2.) What have I said that is distorted?  3.) "Live and let live"? Yeah, I wish you would.  4.) "Science has proven that embryos are not people". Please show me these facts, I would love to see them.  5.) Ah the pursuit of happiness, do you find it in killing?  6.) I force nothing, you do the forcing, you force death on the unwanted unborn.
I never said it was dead. However, a plant is technically legally dead, as in it has no mental existence and no brain, yet it still grows.  A plant is very much alive.
No, you haven't proven anything. You've just repeated yourself.  First, you need to prove your statement that "every case of genocide sees the victim as an inconvenience". You need to include an accepted definition of convenience.  If you cannot do this, then you must revise your statement:  Some how my interpretation that all the victims are inconvenient, seems to fit better than your interpretation that they are convenient, which is what you are saying when you challenge my comment.
I'm sorry, not ME. I'm a guy. However, you are advocating to force women to carry though and care for unwanted children.  So I never forced you. Settled.  Since when did advocating become "force"?    You claim that embryos are people without backing it up with sufficient evidence to support it. You only pull the genocide card with no evidence that they are people.  per·son (pûr's&#601;n)  n.  1.A living human.   Answers.com  thefreedictionary.com  m-w.com  en.wikipedia.org  I could go on and on.   I am not pro-life, I do not force anybody to do anything.  By your own definition of force, you are forcing.    Science proves that embryos int he first and second trimester do not mentally exist.  So is a man in a temporary coma not a person?   Sometimes killing is necessary. Are you going to harass me for killing that creepy looking spider in my room? Are you going to call it genocide? Are you going to harass me for gargling with mouthwash causing millions of germs to be killed to get rid of a sore throat? Are you going to call it genocide?  Dehumanising humans is a trait of genocide. Human unborn children are humans, not spiders or bacteria.   This is no time for humor. I do not force anything on anybody, I AM PRO-CHOICE. I don't know how many times I have to repeat myself. If you don't like abortions, DON'T HAVE ONE. You force women to allow the embryo to keep feeding off of them, and you accuse me of forcing. I refer you back to #2.  When did you ask the unborn if they like abortions?
Are you telling me a plant has a brain and can think? That it mentally exists? Of course it is alive, so are my kidneys, but that doesn't automatically make them people. They must be sentient to be people.  a·live (&#601;-l&#299;v')  adj. Having life; living.
When did i suggest this? We have already established that the senario with the dead man has a test to answer it. I heve elucidated on that already. Abortion does not. and the whole process of legalisation, will try to formulate a compromise that will enable everyone to be right without eroding the right to choice!   Not quite everybody, since the unborn are destroyed in the womb.   Furthermore, the analogy of the man in the coffin is not satisfied, since you said yourself that measures should be taken to discover whether there is a person. Yet you negate this measure when it cannot be proven with regards to those in the womb.
Let's not get sidetracked.   Asserting what I may or may not be saying by challenging your comment is not proof of your statement.   I'm still waiting to hear how every instance of genocide was for convenience, especially abortion. Support your interpretation.  Don't forget to define convenience, and please cite your source this time.  Read post 324.
From that post:    And we go 'round and 'round, because you cannot, and have not proved this statement, and thus your equation that abortion = genocide is not shown to be true.  A Sobering Future  But where is the drive to legalize abortion leading modern nations? What is the acceptance of abortion doing to our societies? Judge Robert Bork calls the U.S. Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision, which legalized abortion, an attempt by liberal secular elites to impose their values on the rest of the nation (see Bork, p. 174). He observes: "Abortion has coarsened us" and it reflects "the brutalization of our culture" (ibid., p. 182). He states: "The systematic killing of unborn children in huge numbers is part of a general disregard for human life that has been growing for some time. Abortion... deepens and legitimates the nihilism [disregard for traditional values] that is spreading in our culture and finds killing for convenience acceptable" (ibid, p. 192).  Link  By Douglas S. Winnail
An opinion piece is not proof of anything. It's like you posted a picture of a cloud.   I suggest you revisit your "logic".  You will never be satisfied, no matter what I present.   Genocide in all its forms kills the inconvenient, a fact that is present in all genocide.
Perhaps you can tell us the test to check if the unborn is really a person trhat will give the one truth to the world. There is none! it is a matter of perception, and hence we have to legalise abortion.  per·son (pûr's&#601;n)  n.  1.A living human.  My stance is that a human is a person just as is described in most dictionaries.  Anyway, the point is that you ought not to kill them unless you can guarantee they are not people, and since you fail to do this, the conclusion is obvious.
Perhaps if you would present something using valid logic people might believe what you say.  You seem to be suffering greatly from attachment to one of the simplest of false logics. Commies wear red hats. John wears a red hat. John is a Commie.  This is false logic.  You miss the main identifier of genocide...it is an effort to WIPE OUT a group...not a vehicle to kill a selected few of a group.  Roe vs. Wade merely gives people a legal way to abort...it does not compel abortion.  Get some help in the logic department.  Legalising abortion became the systematic process that was vital in order to identify abortion as genocide, and it is the only method that can allow for the entire destruction of the unwanted unborn.
How are children an ethnic group?  ethnic group   people of the same race or nationality who share a distinctive culture  Show me one case where it is not true, that would be easier, surely.   When someone is raped or the baby is threatening the health of the mother and she has an abortion that would not be convience  Definiton of Sentient  Medical definition  1. Having sense perception; conscious. 2. Experiencing sensation or feeling.  or able to suffer.   First off, that qualifies animals to be sentient. They experience sensation , are able to suffer and are concious.  It isn't sentience that is the issue. Or the possibility of sentience, because the beginning of our species at the very beginning were not sentient but they did have the possibility.  Unborn children, can suffer , but they can't realy acknowledge it in their mentality, their species is def sentient.  But they do n ot have mental existance, the possibility but not the current.  Animals may have mental existance, but we cannot understand or detect it if it is at the level of humans.   They are sentient by belonging to a specy that is sentient so an unborn child can't be qualified for abortion or unqualified by that. what about the ability to survive by having the mental capacity, I mean so when it has signs of mental existance if it were not in the womb, mental existance shows the possiblity of being able to live and not rely on another to live, it would be smart enough to soon figure out how to breathe.  Read post 272.
You're absolutely correct about one thing; until you present facts to substantiate your "logic", I will not be satisfied. And neither should you; you owe it to yourself to base your opinions on factual evidence.    I had completely missed this. What a great point. Thanks, jim!  I know now, you will reject any comment I present to you.   You know that I'm right, all you need to do is show one example of where my comment fails, and you can't.  Just accept the facts or prove them wrong. I have shown examples that this is true, and that is alls I need to do, the onus is on you now.   Good luck.
It is you that has misidentified abortion as genocide. It clearly does not fit the definition.  (You do realize that we use words AS THEY ARE DEFINED to produce meaningful sentences, don't you?)  What legalized abortion does is reduce the number of illegal and inherently dangerous (often deadly) abortions that will take place in the absense of legal means. Get used to it. Many people do not want to have children and they get 'stuck' with one accidently. Your insistence that they should have known better has no bearing on the situation.  You have presented no facts to accept. When unable to prove your logic, you turned to me to prove it for you. When I refused, you posted an opinion article. When called out on that, you claim that I will reject anything you have to say.  If you post something to back up your logic, you might find me willing to change my mind. It's happened before; I do not think myself so infalliable that I could never be wrong or that someone else might think something I hadn't thought of before.   LINK   Read it, or better yet read the entire thread.
I did. You merely repeat the same invalid 'logic' you have presented here.  genocide=the systematic and deliberate destruction of a racial, political or cultural group.  If the law included a method by which some appointed group would determine who gets abortions, you might have a point in that the system could be skewed to abort all blacks or all hispanics or all christians or all blondes. However, that is not the case. As I pointed out earlier, legalized abortion merely gives people the right to obtain abortions and reduces the number of illegal abortions that would occur were it not legal. It is not a deliberate and systematic destruction of any group.  You can attach all the similarities you can conjure up in your attempt to equate the two. Each one of these similarities is simply another red hat that does NOT necessarily make John a Commie. You do remember that logical falacy, don't you?  Let's do this step by step.   The law is systematic, right?
...to which I might ask, "Which one?"  There's no sense in playing sentence tag with you. Just lay out your entire argument in a string of sentences...using definitions printed in Webster's or equivalent English dictionary, not your personal interpretations of definitions. Write as if you are trying to convince the King by way of letter that arbortion=genocide and should be stopped.  So you dispute law is systematic?
Apparently, you have difficulties understanding English. I said there will be no 'one-sentence-sparring'...and nothing that I have said justifies your conclusion that I might dispute your initial, rhetorical question.  Make your entire case in a paragraph or so. Try to keep it below a thousand words.  I will make my case, on a level you will understand, obviously any other level is beyond you.    Now lets do this step by step.   Do you agree or disagree that "Law" is systematic?
You are not worth the effort.  I'm guessing now you will claim to have won whatever argument it is that you can't seem to put together. So be it. I have better things to do with my time.  I agree, you would be wasting your time.
"It's just me" I agree with you, on a personal matter I don't think abortion should be legal. I've seen picture, and videos and i'm sick now. I couldn't even imagine going through with something like that.   I was reading on it, and how they might accidently leave a babies arm or leg in you. They warn you about it.  Parents should know. For those who are in an abusive situation, well we need to work on better support groups. I am also a teenager, and just the other day in health I was watching a documentary about a siffilus outbreak at my school in I think... 1996-99. Well the way they talked about having sex, frankly discusted me!   I belive in NO Sex until marriage. The Stds is one of the many reasons why. I'm a strong christian. I'm very sorry to hear that you have to raise your little brother. People have tough times. My mother was a drunk, violent. Parents divorced. I took care of her at night, because she'd get drunk at night. I ofrget what that's called now. But anyways it's tough. i got out of it though, and with prayer she's been sober for 2 years.   My sister had an abortion. She's depressed, she has low confidence. She's beautiful in my eyes, and i'm sure in others as well.  Back to abortion, It's murder, it is. They say it should be the mother's choice? Is it the mothers's choice when the baby is out of her and she's been caring for it for five years, and she decides that she doesn't want it anymore and she DROWNS IT. Ot even as simple as we're getting now to where you'll get prosicuted for giving your child and old fashioned spanking hmm? Well It's murder. We need to do more to help these women get through the pregnacy. With work leave whatever. But when 1.6 million babies are getting aborted a year. Somethings wrong.   I've so much to say and i'll post a thread, when i'm able to. Because of the fact that I need 5 comments on here before I can post one. So until then tonight I think I've reached the end of my abortion research and debates. Thanks for listening.  Sorry i was a little harsh mispelled words i'm like tired beyond beliefe.
Unless you've experienced pregnancy and labor pains, and had to raise a child on minimum wage, I don't think you should have a say.   Another thing for you hardcore conservatives. You don't see many white, anti-abortion women having black fetuses transplanted into their uteruses, do you? You don't see them adopting crack babies, do you?  Think about this. If there were no abortions, this country would be overrun with criminals. Man, I hate to say that, but its probably true.  If you use scripture to debate, you're an idiot.  Unless you have been dismembered in the womb, I don't think you should have a say.
The inconsistency I found with abortions being morally inconsistent is that there is a lot of psychological damage that occurs through various elements of experience through the abortion.
I'm willing to bet that you think life begins at fertilization, right, when the sperm meets the egg. Am I right?  I'm willing to bet that you think the same.
[QUOTE=peteratwar;259395]1.)Virtually every argument religious or otherwise can have an equal counter-argument.  2)Ultimately it may depend on the circumstances of the individual at the time.  Rape, sickness, inability to cope, deformation in the embryo, all play their part. And again will be different for each individual.   3)Again personally I believe it to be too easy and I definitely believe that it should not occur late in a pregnancy without strong medical grounds.  QUOTE] 1.) Very very true. I completely agree. So many people have so many feelings about so many different things. So many different religions and beliefs. Therefore there will always be a counter argument that has the equal amount of inspiration, and statistics, and emotion. Which a lot of time between people causes problems, because no one's willing to actually listen. Which is why I'm loving this online debate stuff, because it doesn't quite matter if a person reads it or not, it's there and everyone (hopefully) Gets the satisfaction of it being at least acknowledged.  2.) Totally. Yes, it really does. Uhm let's see... In the circumstances that a woman has a problem with the baby inside her, and if she doesn't have an abortion it will threaten her life. Only in that case do I believe killing the baby is the only choice. Otherwise I am really, strongly against abortions.   3.) I wish it wasn't performed. Yet the thing of the matter is now they've put it to where you can have an abortion up to 9 months.   If we're going to keep abortions then at least I think we should make the law a little more strict. Like having parental permission, or not letting someone have an abortion if it's way into the pregnancy. My question is, why on Earth would someone wait that long to get an abortion. They've already gone through with the morning sickness, the pain of contractions. Why not just have the baby and give it up for adoption?  Neanderthal79:1.)"Another thing for you hardcore conservatives. You don't see many white, anti-abortion women having black fetuses transplanted into their uteruses, do you? You don't see them adopting crack babies, do you?  2.) Think about this. If there were no abortions, this country would be overrun with criminals. Man, I hate to say that, but its probably true.  3.) If you use scripture to debate, you're an idiot"   1.) Maybe not, but I know quite a lot of white people who have adopted a black baby. Personally as a hardcore conservative, i don't think race is important. I think people shouldn't look at the color of our skin to identify us. I think it's sad when people do. I mean actually at the rate that white people are having children (less and less). I think in maybe within a 100-200 years the white community will no longer be white-white. I think there will be very few white people like maybe just to give an example: Less then 10% of all schools will be white. But that's just my opinion. Because there are so many interracial couples now. Which is great, and i support. It's really good for the genes, and helps prevent disabilities for the baby.  2.)I think I understand where you're coming from... If you could help me out a little more I'd love to listen. It sounds logical... But I'm not sure where you're coming from with it. Yet again I do think abortion is a crime so it just depends on your logic =0)   3.) I personally don't see how you'd be an idiot to relate this topic to scripture. On the means that some people have strong feelings about the bible, and they believe it's true, and the word is true. So if people go by the bible to live life ( Try to) Then they'd come across something that relates to this topic I don't see any problem with sharing it. Alot of people may disagree, but I think it's a very good piece of argument. Except the fact that not everyone is Christian. Therefore not everyone believes the bible. Yet that goes back to the whole *Counter argument thing* which is very smart. I'm in a better mood tonight, so I can think a lot better hehe.. -Moonemoticon_zzzz
http://www.catholiceducation.org/articles/abortion/ab0102.html  I actually haven't read all of this article yet, but it looks interesting.
Your analogy does not apply here. Because, do blacks with civil rights have "an increased risk of anxiety, depression, and suicide."?
Both sides can quit telling women what is and is not good for them.  Sure, as long as we can still tell them what is and is not good for their baby...
If your mom had had an abortion you would not be reading this nor would you have your voic be heard.  What if Georg Washingtons mom had aborted him? America would not have its justice, and we would be under british rule.  We do not know who will be the person who will find a cure for the cold, how would you like it if you found out that your unborn child would have.  Everyone is important.  You can always put the child up for adoption.  If all of a sudden all women had abortions it would be the end of humanity.  What is the difference in vaue between you and an unborn baby.   Abortion causes emoticon_cry :xbanghead emoticon_mad abortion is  emoticon_xkill  life = emoticon_xangel
What if all the women all had abortions? You say that would be the end of humanity? LOL. Aside from it being the silliest most ridiculous thing I have seen so far on this board, abortion does not prevent women from having children after the procedure  If all women aborted every pregnancy, there would be babies? Maby on your planet...
emoticon_xdonno emoticon_xdonno Did you even read what you quoted at all? *sigh* this is getting rather sickening with people not reading through. I'll say it for you again slower so maybe you can understand. If every woman in the world got an abortion at the same time (something so unlikely it isn't even funny), humanity would NOT end. They could very easily have babies later on. And what he said was, If all of a sudden women had abortions, it would be the end of humanity.  Of course there wouldn't be babies if ALL women aborted EVERY pregnancy. I never claimed otherwise, so you are arguing against something that you made up. I guess it's you who is on their own planet (coughilliterateplanetcough)  What you said: If all of a sudden women had abortions, it would be the end of humanity  What he actually said: If all of a sudden all women had abortions it would be the end of humanity.  ALL women aborted EVERY pregnancy  Did you read what you quoted at all? When you misquote the quote, you sound right, but when you put the key word ALL back into said quote, what he said and what I said sound the exact same....Maybe you should reread what you're quoting...*coughiliteratecough*(see, I can cough too)  Why would all women want to abort every pregnancy? Is that what happens on your weird planet?  When did I say that they did? All I said was IF they did.  As it happens, both my mother and my father both wanted me and planned for me.  So, if they hadn't planned for and wanted you, you would be perfectly fine with being dead right now?
A casual typo eh? I saw it as you purposely leaving out a key word in a quote to change the meaning...
I think I posted that awhile ago. Its huge BS. Thats like saying "Civil rights hurt blacks". Even though abortion may have some unwated side affects, its no where near the emotional and physical pain and suffering for the rest of your life than a forced pregnancy. Just goes to show that the pro-life movement is desperate.  Have you ever heard of "Project Rachel" <http://www.hopeafterabortion.com/<
  Even though abortion may have some unwated side affects, its no where near the emotional and physical pain and suffering for the rest of your life than a forced pregnancy. Just goes to show that the pro-life movement is desperate.  You mention forced pregnancies. Abortion is legal in the U.S.. Where do forced pregnancies occur. BTW, forced pregnancy a result of rape without a rubber?
If you were king of the world, wouldn't you make abortion illegal? That is forced pregnancy.  Not exact because they'd still have the choice of not getting pregnant in the first place.
Perhaps it should then be restated that pro-life proponents insist on forced continuation of pregnancy. Either way, it is forcing the intimate use of a woman's body against her will.Yeah, that is fairly accurate...although it is not always against her will.   There is a point that is often brought up by pro-life proponents that claim that women who have unwanted pregnancies have acted irresponsibly and that the only responsible action is to take the pregnancy to term. I would agree that most women with unwanted pregnancies have not been sufficiently responsible to protect themselves with proper birth control (excluding those who suffer rape, incest, etc. or whose contraception fails). However, I disagree that carrying the pregnancy to term is the only responsible response to an unwanted pregnancy.  It's not a strong argument..I agree.   Abortion in the early stages of pregnancy is also a responsible response. Pro-life proponents just happen to think it is morally wrong because of their unsupported proclamation that "all human life is precious". I guess any valuing is really unsupported...We had a conversation about this :p Nevertheless, If you choose to say not all human life is precious then you must admit to some criteria for discriminating against certain humans. You have done this but others seem to get offended by the idea that this is what they do.  Where human life in the form of zygotes or early embryos is concerned, many, if not most, don't view it as being nearly so precious. What arguements would you personally propose to describe specifically why the human zygote or early embryo is precious?
emoticon_xdonno emoticon_rolleyesAh, really? So the girls that use contraception and it fails (it did for me - I was on the pill and my fiance was using a condom) have a choice of not getting pregnant? The girls that are attacked and raped get choice of not getting pregnant? The girls whose fathers, brothers, uncles, etc. make them have sex with them get a choice of not being pregnant? I think not.:xbanghead  It's called abstinence, you may have heard of it. Millions of people are doing it.   Abortion in the early stages of pregnancy is also a responsible response.  And adoption isn't?  I personally HAVE had an abortion. I had it close to a year ago, and while it was an extremely hard and emotional decision, I chose what was best for me. I was and still am engaged (planning our marriage to be next fall), and both my fiance and I were on birth control (I was on the pill and he used condoms). Unfortunately, despite those precautions, I became pregnant. We aren't that rich, and both of us our still finishing up our college degrees and are under enormous student loan burden. He supported my decision to abort as neither of us would have anywhere near the time or money to support a baby (hence our use of contraception), and neither of us have taken a full job in our fields yet to be able to provide that money to pay for the loans let alone a child.   What about adoption? That solves time, and the majority of the money issue.
All of this besides the fact that you only spoke about the part where contraception fails. Are you claiming that women and young girls who are attacked and raped, and the girls whose uncles, fathers, etc. force them to have sex with them, have a choice of abstinence? If you are, you have lost any shred of credibility.   In many past responses, I have said that I fully support abortion for women who have been raped, and for those who the pregnacy is life threatening.
abortion hurts society.
Well, the topic is about how abortion hurts women, so I'll comment on that. And I'll do it by experience. Not my experience, but my sister's, and my cousins.  My sister had so many abortions, that it made her uterus weak, because of the constant scraping. When she started keeping her children, her pregnancies statrted to become hard for her. She did have 5 kids, but everytime she had one, she would become weaker, and the doctor told her not to have another, because it could be fatal. Because of the numerous abortions she had before. She never listened, until the last pregnancy almost cost her, her life. That is when she got her tubes tied.  My cousin, also had numerous abortions. Until she got to the point where she wanted kids. When she finally got pregnant, her uterus was weak as well, and she miscarried. She tried getting pregnant agian, and when she did, she had to lay on her back the whole pregnancy. She has two baby girls, and had to stay on her back the whole time while carrying both of them.  So abortions can cause harm physically to womens bodies. It can weaken their uterus, and make it hard for them to have a baby when the time comes that they want one. If others don't believe me, so what. I know what I saw, and why it was. Abortions can be harmful.  I also think that it is selfish to abort a kid because they don't fit into your schedule. Plus there are places over here that will help women who have to give birth pay for the costs if they don't have the money. How do you think poor people give birth. They send a social worker out to help those who need help with hospital costs.
and yet you still can't define a standard for intelligence, when it arrives, and why it should be at that standard.  Furthermore, if a pot started talking to you then perhaps you should lay off of the pot yourself.
I know that, from earlier discussions, you claim that you present no minimal criteria for personhood since you view that any such criteria would be arbitrary (if I am mis-stating that, then please reclarify). However, I know that you also agree that an unfertilized egg is not a person. Since you believe that an unfertilized egg is not a person (or an entity deserving of rights) and a fertilized egg IS a person (deserving of rights), then, logically, this means that something in that transition from unfertilized to fertilized egg (i.e. conception) turned a non-person into a person. What specific change related to conception would you consider critical enough for that entity to become a person with rights?I thought I responded to this but I guess my post didn't post :(  Anyway, in short, I say there is no minimal criteria for a human to become a person and for the love of God don't start playing tense games like Shooter does. The change related to conception is conception. What is a human and the other is not.   Even so, this question avoids mine. What is the criteria that shooter uses for the word "consciousness" or "mental existence". I believe you use a certain point of brain development. I still maintain this is arbitrary but I would like Shooter to state what his standard is.
My question to you was posed out of general curiosity, not out of any current discussion you are having with Shooter. As you can see from my post, I also asked Shooter to clarify his view. Then we will just wait for Shooter to respond.  I'm not sure what you mean by tense games but the question is very relevant. You seem to be ignoring the significance of the question and waving it away by saying "What is a human and the other is not" (I assume you meant to say "One is a human and the other is not" - i.e. the fertilized egg is a human and the unfertilized egg is not). What do you mean by that? What in your use of the term "human" makes a fertilized egg human and an unfertilized egg not human? I said "a human"...the noun. Shooter was already playing a game with human as an adjective instead of the noun I used and it gets annoying.  Please don't neglect the importance of this question since it lies at the very heart of the pro-life view of the beginning of human rights. If you want women to give up their rights to their own bodies because of the significance of this transition (i.e. conception), then it is critically important that you detail what it is in the transition that makes it so significant.Well we assume a right to your own body here. It is also important for you to justify why there should be a difference in human and person and then justify why doing so this time is different from when this was previously done in history.  I guess I don't agree with the idea that you have no rights until you can prove you should have them...if this is the standard then we are all in trouble.
I didn't intend to play any game with human as an adjective. I had rushed that last sentence out without noticing that I had changed to an adjective - my mistake. So, I reword the question: What in your use of the term "a human" makes a fertilized egg a human and an unfertilized egg not a human?  lets hold off on this question as I don't want to lose the focus with Shooter. I didn't think you were playing word games but I didn't want someone else to bring it up.  One of the main problems with the Abortion debate is that there has never been a resolved discussion about when "personhood" starts or, if you prefer, when an entity becomes "a human" or indeed what the common-use definition of those two terms should be. And whether "personhood" even means anything.   Many cultures viewed the beginning of life as happening at birth - as reflected even in many quotes in the Bible. This isn't exactly true.  The bottom line is that this issue has not been resolved, that is why we are discussing it.And would you agree that this is really the only issue in deciding whether or not it's right or wrong? I believe you do but just to clarify would you agree with the following: If person with rights then do not abort...if not then can abort.   Then you would have no problem with the idea that an unfertilized egg should have rights and that, if the right to life supercedes all others, then women should be forced to try to have all of their unfertilized eggs fertilized. If you do not believe that to be the case, then explain the difference. My thought on that was meant to be joined with the previous which referred to humans. An unfertilized egg is by no means a human and will never grow into one as an unfertilized egg no matter how much care it is given.  Why are women, who have experienced pregnancy and giving birth and parenthood, shut out of this discussion and why are their views considered irrelevant?   I agree with Another Opinion's response. No one is stopping you from giving your views on "personhood" or human rights. You don't have to be male or female to discuss this.
Here is a web site with quotes from the Bible that tries to have a balanced view of the two sides of the abortion debate:  http://www.religioustolerance.org/abo_bibl.htm#menu  The main page of that web site has a lot of useful information related to the abortion debate:  http://www.religioustolerance.org/abortion.htm You should know by now that I don't think that source is "balanced"...in fact, far from it.  For the most part, yes, but there are exceptions. ok, that's all I wanted to know :)   So do I understand you correctly that the critical change from non-person to person is that the growth process starts? It is that initiated growth process that changes the unfertilized egg (a non-human) into a human?If I understand you correctly (sad we always have to disclaim things hehe) then yes. The main point I make is that human and person are the same.
How can you not see what it is? And also, how can you assume everything is a human without any criteria? With your logic, I have to assume anything that shares human DNA is a human being. You didn't answer the question....what is your standard for intelligence?  You also incorrectly use my logic.  Oh my god, this is getting annoying. HUMAN: OF THE HUMAN SPECIES, A HUMAN, OR HUMAN BEING: A SENTIENT LIFE FORM OF THE HUMAN SPECIES.  Its so simple.I would have thought it was simple but you don't seem to get that human can be used as a noun or adjective and mean two different things....I am a human, I have human hair. Different. And yes, it is annoying....glad you agree and hopefully you will stop.  Science has actually shown that we are very genetically similar to black people, chinese people. While science has also shown that you or me are very different than the embryo.Really, can you show me this science? You are just as genetically similiar to a white person as you are to an embryo.  With your little discrimination game, I could accuse you of discrimination for anything. Such as, trimming your rose bushes. I could say that you are murdering those roses, and could dismiss your arguments on the base of the human history of discrimination. That history has been twisted so much by lifers that they are attempting to use it against choicers.Discrimination game? You are...just admit it. If you want to say I am discriminating against roses then fine but you are discriminating against humans....I guess that's ok with you.  Strawman. Key phrase "until you can prove them" when its really "until science can prove them".I see you still don't understand what a strawman is. It is hard to have a strawman when the comment wasn't directed at any particular claim....
Pro lifers like steeeve or Max don't hate women. They DON'T CARE about women. Resorting to these tactics? A little childish don't you think.
A completely non-biased site is hard to find. The first page and a half of Google results were all Christian pro-life sites and one Christian pro-choice site. This one was the first that seemed to present a less one-sided opinion. I guess it is all a matter of degree.I have yet to find a site regarding abortion that is even remotely fair. The problem with "religioustolereance" is that they don't try to figure out truth...they try to present "both sides" in an effort to be tolerant even if the other side is way off base. Plus it is poorly researched as seen with their Exodus quote.  Ok then. I guess that, for you, the significant transition that leads to the new classification of personhood is the beginning of the growth process. For me, it is the beginning of a rudimentary mind. Now that we have outlined what we each consider the critical transition, perhaps we could go on to the question of WHY that particular transition is critical for us. I'll start.I don't like looking at it this way. A person is no different from a human in my view. Yours goes from cell to human to person (ie conception is where human begins). I just don't find a difference in the term so the last step doesn't exist. So one transition vs. two transitions is what we are looking at.
Both of us have decided upon a point within the pregnancy when a non-person becomes a person. For you, that is conception (the unfertilized egg - a non-person - becomes a fertilized zygote - a person). For me, it is the approximate period when a fetus starts to have a mental existence - sometime during the third trimester (which, erring on the side of caution, I allocate as the beginning of the third trimester).   When you say that, for you, a person and a human are the same thing, that is not telling me anything. These are just words. We have to explain what we mean by those words. For me, a person implies individuality - not just a bodily existence but a mental existence as well, no matter how rudimentary. I tend not to use the term "a human" because it seems to have conflicting definitions. I would expect that, scientifically, a zygote is "a human" since it is an independent life form with human DNA (independent in that, though it is dependent on its mother's body for sustenance, it has its own unique DNA and its development is mainly controlled by its own biology). However, the common useage definition of the term "a human", at least how I have heard it used, implies a mental existence as well. Therefore, I avoid using the term "a human".  What do the terms "a person" and "a human" mean to you? Specifically, what in that newly fertilized zygote makes it a human and what makes it a person? I am really trying to understand this since it seems to me to be the most crutial difference between the pro-life and pro-choice views.  "a human", to me, is just the scientific word for "a person". Like you said though, these are just words. What matters is what we value and why we value that. I don't value intelligence (atleast as a matter of who gets rights) or anything like that in determining who gets rights. Another way to look at it is why are we even in the business of valuing others and determining what natural rights they should have.
Lets break this down. Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts, or consciousness or self awareness is what makes an embryo have rights. The Lifers say that it should have rights regardless of its physical state.  And yet, for most pro-choice folk on these forums, this question really is meaningless. For, even when it is assumed by these folk that the embryo has rights, they nevertheless argue that abortion is still acceptable. Even you believe this Shooter.  But, i would much rather have late terms legal than have them banned.  So, whether the embryo/fetus/whatever-you-want-to-call-it has rights seems to be a non-issue. Because, for pro-choice folk, even if it has rights, it still is preferable to ensure that it can be legally killed.  Of course, it is obvious to everyone that an entity does not need rights in order to have legal protections. But I'll let that slide for now.  Now, if I sat a flower pot down next to you, would you tell me it should have rights and that we should make pot smashing murder? Probably not. BUT, what if that pot started to talk to you. Started to ask you questions about life, and started to ask you where it was and what its purpose was. What if you had a casual conversation with this pot? Now, obviously, this pot should have rights, am I not correct? Since I'm a hardcore trekkie (and I know quoting star trek isn't the best debate, but its a good analogy), I can relate to what Commander data was going through. In case you didn't know, Commander Data is an anderoid, a Robot. But, he is hard to tell apart from a human. When he was first being built, he was not considered a sentient being. He was a bunch of parts, but when those parts were put together and he was activated, it was then he was considered a sentient being deserving of rights. This can very much relate to an embryo. An embryo is in early stages. It is like commander data in parts. They did not consider data a sentient being deserving of rights. However once he was activated, the captain and the crew had to defend his rights on numerous occasions. An embryo can also be like a flower pot. Even though that flower pot may have the capability to develop intelligence, it lacks intelligence. But, as i said before, if that flower pot started talking to you, then it obviously has developed intelligence and is deserving of rights. The same goes with your computer. If it becomes self aware, and starts talking to you, it is then that it deserves rights.  The pro-life side does not try to sort out what/who DESERVES rights. The real question is whether something/someone HAS rights. For the pro-life side, it is a forgone conclusion that all human beings have rights (whether they deserve them or not). Pro-lifers consider human beings as rights-holders, but they do not believe they are rights-givers.  Thus, for pro-lifers, human beings hold rights by virtue of what they are (human beings), not by virtue of what they can do (think or speak?). Thus, for pro-lifers the only question that is important in the abortion debate is whether the embryo is a human being. And, so long as this question is at least debatable (as it clearly is), then the pro-life view exercises caution.  Simply because an embryo shares some human DNA is no excuse to grant it an exception. I know many of you will bring up eugenics and the mentally ill, but the mentally do posses intelligence. Maybe not as much as you or I, but they still posses it.  For pro-lifers, it is not simply because an embryo shares human DNA. It is because the embryo is a human being. It makes no differences whether the embryo is developing, for it is then simply a developing human being.  Furthermore, if a pot started talking to you then perhaps you should lay off of the pot yourself.  I also happen to believe that this is the best response that could be made to this thread.
To steal from another opinion, intellectual existance.  Good to know you decided to latch on to his opinion.  I didn't even realize I was playing this so called "game", but if you insist, i mean "human" by hair, nails, embryo, kidney etc. I mean "human being" as you or I.I guess you make up your own language.  Genetically yes, but no physically. White people and black people have very little physical differences. Let me also state that we are genetically similar to hair too. So you are changing what you said... Need I remind you that you just said the following: "Science has actually shown that we are very genetically similar to black people, chinese people."   Furthermore, I'd say a 1 minute old baby as many physical differences from a 80yr old person. Again with the discrimination...  So are you! You hair murderer! You discriminate against hair! Thats discrimination, admit it! I am right and you are wrong, so just admit it. I guess that's ok with you to discriminate against something of the human speicies.Ok I do...you discriminate against human beings, congrats! Will you admit to this now? Just say "I discriminate against human beings just like many did back in the 1800s". I admitted to discriminating against hair...your turn.  So what do you call it when Its a false comment in general? false comment? How could that be false? If I go "I don't like cheese" the only way that is false is if I really do like cheese....but that isn't the case here.
I guess I do not understand specifically what it is that you DO value.   You say you do not value intelligence. What about the much more rudimentary idea of "mental existence" - be it even a subconscious sense of self?   You say that you do not wish to be in the business of valuing others and determining what natural rights they should have but 1) You do not value a non-fertilized egg and do value a fertilized one. Something in that transition made you start to value it. You say it is because it is now "a human". What specifically in a zygote version of "a human" do you value? 2) Your statement "Another way to look at it is why are we even in the business of valuing others and determining what natural rights they should have." implies to me that you are speaking of other individuals, other "somebodies". That statement implies that you have beings with a mental existence in mind.  I guess that the thing that is frustrating to me is that it seems that you seem to be avoiding committing yourself to explaining the core reason for the value you place on the newly fertilized egg. In your wording, you seem to be attaching a personality but then deny that you are. You claim that you do not place criteria but, since you deny rights to unfertilized eggs, you are clearly placing some criteria. In other words, the existence of a person with rights has to start SOMEWHERE and we have to have good reasons why we choose that starting point. I still am utterly unclear about the DETAILs about why you chose that starting point. I am starting to think that either you have not thought it out fully or you are hiding the real reason since it is based on religion. Please prove me wrong. Let's hold off on this since it seem Shooter just steals what you say as it is clear he hasn't thought of any of this on his own...in other words, I get the idea he has a conclusion and is working his way back using you.
Childish...   Both another opinion and I agree on almost all of the abortion debate. Let me remind you that I responded to most of your posts first (no offense another opinion). To me, you are using more and more childish debate tactics because it seems like you are running out of refutations for my argument.  you keep jumping around and now that you see the intelligence idea is bad you attached to the "mental existence" which is very different. When asked for a standard you never answered and now that Another Opinion offered one you latched on to that. You will never admit it but it seems obvious what is going on.
Mental existance is what I'd been describing all along. I didn't know that you could not grasp that concept. However, "mental existance" is a much more accurate way of stating my intentions.  How could I not grasp the concept that "intelligence" really means "mental existence"....Good thing we had someone to bail you out.  Even so, I disagree with the idea as it still makes a distinction where there never was one before.
I don't get you here. As for pro life folk trying to see that women be legally violated.  The point is that I don't see why discussing whether the embryo has rights even matters to pro-choice people. Because, as you've echoed below, it is still preferable to allow it to be killed even if it has rights. In a worldview like that, I don't see how rights in general can have any significant meaning.   If the entity is a harmful parasitical one then its host has every right to remove it.  On what basis?  Obviously they do, since they do not value women's fundamental rights very much at all.  Stop using buzz words and make an argument. This sentence does not make any sense. Please elaborate. What fundamental right are you talking about, and show me where pro-lifers sit back and try to engage in the philosophical exercise of determining who DESERVES rights.  And thus, pro-choicer are more mathematical and scientifical. We are more logical than the pro-lifers, and just don't blindly make assumptions about human life, because of its consequences.  I don't know about blind assumptions. The pro-life view merely takes that controversial document called the Declaration of Independence literally. I shudder to think what that document would have said if your view had been the predominant one. I suppose it would have read something like the following:  We the elite rights-givers of the United States will now exercise our supreme power by determining who deserves rights and who does not.  Your worldview is one of elitism where you get to decide who deserves rights. But how does one determine this? Do rights actually exist? I doubt you can say so since you are asking how to determine if something DESERVES rights.  But why? What is so important about an embryo that it can be given a "person" status?  It is a human being. That's what is so important about it. I'll say it again because you seem to have missed it the first time: the embryo is valued by virtue of what it is (a human being), not by virtue of what it can or cannot do (solve math problems, or perform chemical experiments).  I disagree.  I don't doubt it. The fundamental problem I have with this thread is that it seems to presuppose that rights do not actually exist.
We can hold off for now if you wish but eventually I hope that you do answer these questions since they are so critical to the core arguements behind the abortion debate. Meanwhile, I have engaged Phyllis with a similar question. From her discussion with Shooterandproud, her views seem to be similar to yours.  As for Shooterandproud, I would like to put in one word for his defense. From his initial post in this thread, he was alternately using the terms "intelligence", "sentience" and "self-awareness" - all of which have somewhat different meanings. That suggest to me that he was searching for the right terms to use to describe what he had in mind. (Shooter, I hope you don't mind my making these comments). I had faced the same concerns when I was first trying to verbalize my thoughts on this issue and came up with the term "mental existence" since it most closely shows what I had in mind.   Since these are things that are rarely discussed in detail in our society, the terms to describe our thoughts on these issues are not always obvious. I am sure that philosophers have argued about the details of human mental existence but any results on their part have not been well communicated to the public and have not been well correlated in their detail to scientific findings. Science can show a limit when mental existence can first start but cannot yet show what level of mental existence happens at which stage of human development.  Even the term mental existence needs to be defined somehow (which you have done). Some pro-choicers have told me that self-awareness (which comes after birth) is when you are a person. Some have said the ability to reason is the point but "reasoning" develops from just before birth to well into your 20s. All of these ideas are about picking a point though and it is the picking of a point that I disagree with.  And yeah, I am in dead agreement with Phyllis...she pretty much seems to speak for me (sometimes)...and probably does a better job at it too :).  You just made a few comments to Phyllis about people's views. I honestly think that people don't understand the abortion debate and what they are talking about. I think if people really understood the issue and related to their own life the numbers would probably be different (and probably not benefit me any)...but that's neither here nor there :)  That may be all well and good but what exactly do you mean by "human being"? Every time I hear that term used, it implies a mental existence. What is your definition of "human being"? What qualities do you ascribe to that term that you use and which of those qualities do you value?I think Phyllis and I agree that this term means what it has always meant which is the meaning in the dictionary.  human being -noun 1. any individual of the genus Homo, esp. a member of the species Homo sapiens. 2. a person, esp. as distinguished from other animals or as representing the human species: living conditions not fit for human beings; a very generous human being.
The trouble I have with arguements from the pro-life camp (including you and Phillis) about the value of "human beings" or "a human" is that most of the emotional appeals which are made to these terms presuppose a mental existence. I highly suspect that there is a lot of anthropomorphising (attaching of personality or mental existence where there is none) going on when it comes to pro-life people calling a zygote a "human being". Indeed, I have even read fictional letters from the early unborn that attach to it a very wide range of feelings and emotions which it is impossible for it to have.Having emotions for something doesn't presuppose mental existence for that item. Some people may be attached to a special watch or something but they aren't assuming a mental existence on the watch. I think the idea that phyllis and I have is just one of a fundamental value for human life...and all human life. Emotions, mental existence, and all of that stuff is really irrelevant.  There is no logical reason for those thoughts - I am simply falsely attaching a personality to that treeThere really is no logical reason for you to get sad when a person dies....but you do. You could say "well it has mental existence" but what does that have to do with emotions? What is the logic behind having a emotion for a mental existence being dieing?   We have to have strong logical reasons if we are going to take someone's rights away and the imagined sufferings of a zygote are not in the least bit logical.If you believe in a fundamental right of life to a human then it is the only logical choice. I never mentioned anything about suffering as that is also irrelevant.  Anyway, all this comes down to is that I have a strong suspicion that this false attachment of an imagined personality is the main reason behind the pro-life view restricting abortion from conception onPerhaps some view it this way but I generally believe in a right for all humans. There is no logical reason behind this just like there is no logic reason for believing in a right for a person with "mental existence".
Such as conception?  You may have missed a few posts....We were referring to picking a point of "personhood". Another Opinion has one point where a human is formed (conception) and then another where "personhood" is formed. I simply deny the idea that there is a difference.
No a flower pot does not diserve rites.  But a broken arm is as usless as an embreo.  But a broken arm heals, and an embreo develops into a full grown adult.  Would you cut off your arm if you broke it.  What if Geoge Washington had been aborted, what if his mom or any of his ancestors had been aborted, what if you had been aborted. The fact is you do not know who you are aborting, or what difference they will make in the world. Maybe your child will becom an actor, or save someones life possibly even yours. These are just some of the ways your kid could change the world. How would you like it if you found out that the kid you aborted would have found world peace, or stoped ww3 from ever happening, or prevented a secound deppression.  abortion causes emoticon_angry emoticon_cry emoticon_confused emoticon_mad :xbanghead  abortion = emoticon_xkill  life = emoticon_xangel emoticon_love
No a flower pot does not diserve rites.  But a broken arm is as usless as an embreo.  But a broken arm heals, and an embreo develops into a full grown adult.  Would you cut off your arm if you broke it.  What if Geoge Washington had been aborted, what if his mom or any of his ancestors had been aborted, what if you had been aborted. The fact is you do not know who you are aborting, or what difference they will make in the world. Maybe your child will becom an actor, or save someones life possibly even yours. These are just some of the ways your kid could change the world. How would you like it if you found out that the kid you aborted would have found world peace, or stoped ww3 from ever happening, or prevented a secound deppression.  abortion causes emoticon_angry emoticon_cry emoticon_confused emoticon_mad :xbanghead  abortion = emoticon_xkill  life = emoticon_xangel emoticon_love  Can you stop posting...your are hurting my arguments.
There is a difference between having emotions about something and having emotions for something. You may have emotions about a watch because it gives you pleasure, it may have been a gift that you feel responsibility in keeping, etc. All of those emotions revolve around your needs, your desires. You are not feeling sorry for the watch itself. It is not the rights of the watch which are being trampled if it is destroyed, it is your rights. The watch has no rights despite your emotions toward it. Also, emotions that we feel can either be caused by reality or by imagination. For example, if someone were angry at you because they dreamed that you had hurt them, what would you feel about the validity of their emotion? Would they have the right to retaliate against you for what they imagined you had done? All this says is that it is not sufficient to make a law simply because you feel emotional about an issue. There has to be a logic behind that emotion driving the law - an underlying logical reason for both.  The empathy we have toward other human beings is what drives the great majority of our sense of morals. It seems to me that most people's morality is driven by it in a version of "do unto others as you would have them do unto you". For most, there have to be underlying reasons behind moral rules - not just proclamations.  However, perhaps I am making assumptions here about the core drive of people's morality. I know that many who are strongly religious follow a moral code that is not based on a mixture of rationality and empathy but one that is dictated to them by their religion - with the assumption of that code being passed on from an all-knowing, all-powerful being - i.e. God - and that it must therefore me unquestioned. Perhaps your view of the "fundamental value for human life...and all human life" comes from just such an externally dictated code and you are simply unwilling to admit to that since you know the reprecussions in debate if you admit to that code coming from religion. It would help to explain why you seem unable to explain precisely why you value the zygote version of a human. I just don't know in your case. You claim that your morality is not purely defined by religion but then, when challenged to present the detailed analysis of why you value the zygote-human, you cannot present such a detailed analysis. You are just throwing out proclamations without justifying them.  I'd respond but my eyes are disoriented because of too many Smilies and large red text.  Seriously though...I'll respond soon I just wanted to make that comment :)  I will comment right now that the idea of a "fundamental value of human life" is a religious belief. But any value for anything is a belief of some kind (and probably a religious one...although maybe not from an organized religion)...there is no rationality for morality and at some point we just generally have to agree or disagree on certain fundamental principals.
That may be all well and good but what exactly do you mean by "human being"? Every time I hear that term used, it implies a mental existence. What is your definition of "human being"? What qualities do you ascribe to that term that you use and which of those qualities do you value?  I simply mean a member of the species of "human." If something is a member of that species, it is a human being.
When does one become a "member"?  From the point of conception.
"A member of the species of 'human'" is a nice textbook definition but it is not clear what assumptions that definition carries - particularly when it comes to the zygote version of a human being. When I hear the word "human being", I automatically hear "individual" or "mentally existing being" as well - an assumption that I and others make when we hear those terms. Indeed, the word "member" from that textbook definition might imply that, but it is a vague enough word that that point is debatable.   What assumptions do you make about the term "human being" when it comes to the zygote version of a human being? What attributes do you attach to that zygote-human being?  I don't believe the word itself is too relevant...only the fact that you know what phyllis means when she uses it. You can call me a goat if you like but I still am what I am even if I'm now called a goat.
I don't really agree with you there. Rational arguements can and do play a large role in our moral stances - not that we always use that rationality. The philosopher Kant came up with a general moral guideline that works fairly well. He called it the Categorical Imperative and was summed up as "Act only according to that maxim by which you can at the same time will that it would become a universal law.". This is fairly close to the "treat others as you would be treated" guideline that many, including myself, try to follow. There is a logic to those guidelines.  You might possibly argue that, if we do not base our morality on strictly defined unquestioned proclamations and leave it up for interpretation and debate, then moral anarchy would result. If so, then I would disagree. There are definite trends in human morality independent of religion. Don't you think that it is more than a coincidence that the great majority of cultures in the world have moral rules against murder, theft, rape, and other such crimes? It is generally the biologically originated human emotion of compassion which tends to drive many of these commonalities in world morality. Compassion or empathy coupled with logical analysis are a great combination for use in determining moral codes. This still doesn't show a logical reason for these things. You just gave me a "natural law" which is still a religion in the sense that it is a set of beliefs but "logic" and "reason" play no rule in the development of these.    The trouble with basing morality on unquestionable proclamations is that many such proclamations might be arbitrary. For example, the proclamation that Homosexuality is wrong seems quite arbitrary, not only to homosexuals, but to a large portion of those of us who are heterosexual. The proclamation that "human life needs to be cherished above all from the moment of conception onward" is also a somewhat arbitrary proclamation. Many would disagree about when that human life becomes developed enough to join the human community of people and have its life so strongly cherished. Islam is full of unquestioned proclamations that has, in some cases, resulted in rather oppressive societies - especially oppresive for women. I believe strongly that we have to have good reasons behind our moral stances. This may not lead to full agreement, but at least discussion of moral issues will help us all gain some common ground, while preventing unjust moral stances from taking power.No good reason behind it at all and you haven't shown one either. You can't say "everyone has these basic ideas so therefore these morals are right". That uses circular reasoning which is unreasonable. Beliefs are not based on logic and reason but faith that they exist. I don't see a problem with this...in fact, if "everyone had the idea that slavery is ok" (which was once a true thought) then I'd still say it is wrong. There is no logic and reason in a belief system that is relative.
If that is a human being, then is my kidney a human being too?  no...it is not a member of the species human. Seriously, take a biology class next year.
If that is a human being, then is my kidney a human being too?  Shooter, I hope you'll respond to the post I made to you earlier. I was afraid it might get lost as this thread seems to have taken off. Here's the post I am referring to.  As for the other stuff, I'll get to this tomorrow.  I would like to say on a totally unrelated note that I am thoroughly enjoying this discussion. I have found it to be respectful, which is rare given the subject matter. I commend all involved for their attitude, and hope that this attitude can remain throughout.
Compassion or empathy are not necessarily logical necessities for any arbitrary moral system but they have served mankind well in ensuring its survival through the millenia and form part of the glue that knits societies together. Moral systems which did not take compassion much into account often were the most tyrannical, where those with power had no qualms to misuse that power to terrorize the people into submission. Without a moral system which includes compassion, it is those people who hold a combination of ruthlessness and ability to manipulate subordinates who tend to win out - not a society most of us would like to be part of.  As for logic, it is lack of logical analysis that has allowed many of the worst moral systems to flourish. Take the existence of slavery. White people justified their enslavement of those of African descent by claiming racial superiority. This claim of racial superiority was based on the relative success of white nations in military, economics and culture (literature, the arts, etc.) compared to African nations and peoples. The illogic came in the assumptions that this inequality in the achievements of the peoples meant that inherently each person of that less successful people was inferior. The idea was apparently never considered that, if one were to take an infant from that less succesful African nation and nurture him in the same conditions as a white infant from a successful European nation, he would very likely be just as successful as the white infant. The illogic was in ignoring logical analysis when it didn't match with preconceived notions that were convenient for racists to hold. Similarly, the illogic of many stances of Islam about women comes in various unsubstantiated assumptions which they make about women. There are lots of examples of this.  Lack of compassion and/or lack of logic has led to most of the more nasty aspects of human societies.  that's all well and good but still isn't a logical reason for having those fundamental beliefs.    My claim is not that the morals are right since many people hold those morals. My view simply includes a suspicion that many of those moral stances that people find unfair are those moral stances that don't make any sense - they do not have much logical analysis behind them. I feel that logic and analysis needs to be included in morality to keep it from being arbitrary. Slavery was not ok since the assumptions upon which it was based were illogical (and therefore led to unfairness). For example, it is logical that the freedoms given children or the highly mentally ill are lower than those of normal people since these groups indeed have less control over their own behavior. However, limitations of the rights of women or people of different races is unfair because it is based on illogical and wrong assumptions about inferior mental capabilities.How are they illogical? You automatically assume there are beliefs that are logical but there is no logic or reason that can get you to those beliefs....as they are...beliefs. What you have given me are examples of logical consequences from a pre-established belief system...but you beg the question.   Generally speaking, I claim that moral systems which groups set for themselves need to logically structure consistent moral rules around certain goals that the groups set for themselves based on their own personal preferences. For example, some groups may have a goal of maximizing average individual happiness. Others may have utilitarian goals of having the group produce as much as possible. The human natures of the particular groups help determine what goals best suite them.well ok...if I have a moral system that says all humans are worthy of life then abortion would obviously be the only consistent rule from that.   I haven't forgotten about the post you have way above this one....but lets get through this first.
I would like to say on a totally unrelated note that I am thoroughly enjoying this discussion. I have found it to be respectful, which is rare given the subject matter. I commend all involved for their attitude, and hope that this attitude can remain throughout.Oh yeah! Well your face looks funny. :p
I guess I am trying to figure out why you view that the driving forces I propose are fundamental beliefs? Logic is not a belief. Compassion is a demonstrated human drive. Where does belief fit into this picture?I'm saying there is no logical reason to have compassion unless you have a belief that dictates this. In other words, there is no way to logically come to the conclusion that we should have compassion unless first having a belief (as an example).  There are beliefs that are based on a logical analysis of reality, there are beliefs that are clearly illogical, and there are beliefs where it is not clearly either logical or illogical.ok, this "reality" is really nothing more than a natural law....which is a moral belief system.  In the example I gave of someone who might be angry at you because he dreamed you hurt him in his dream, he would be illogical in his belief that you had trully wronged him. People used to believe in witches, for reasons based only on their overactive imaginations and not on any verifiable evidence. Their belief was illogical and led to many a poor innocent person getting brutally killed. What is it that you don't understand about this point that I am making?I guess I don't understand how you can say something is illogical without having a set of beliefs for which to base what is or is not logical from.  The only alternative you propose is an alternative that is almost purely arbitrary - i.e. the imposition of rules on society based on religion.Your's is just as arbitrary. How can it not be?  If I say the blue pen is in my hand therefore it is yellow then I made an "illogical" statement. Why is it illogical? Because the reasoning is flawed and not because I can't prove the blue pen is really blue. You say you have use "logical analysis" and "compassion" in making moral judgments. This is fine but why do you have compassion and logical analysis as the test? There is no logical reason for doing so and it could be said to be arbitrary. In fact, logical analysis is really the tool used to determine if you are following the rule of "compassion". I use logical analysis to determine if what I do follows my "rules". These rules are purely belief and by no means have a logical backing to them and can not be proved to be a natural law. When we get down to it we both have a set of beliefs which may be religious or may just be a natural deal. We use logic and reason to make determinations that are consistent with these fundamental beliefs. This really is the only way logic and reason work.
Can belief and faith be logical?  What about the leap of faith thingy where you figuratively "leap" over reason and understanding to something else which may or may not be true.  logic assumes a faith and belief. You really can't show that logic and reason are logical and reasonable :)
You can prove that B generally follows A and you can show the path that B takes from point A. Not so in faith and belief.  One believes and has faith blindly, without proof. Without logic.  but the idea of logic and reason is faith that these ideas are logical and reasonable. An abstract concept for sure but lets assume we have a logic that If A then B. Very simple but perhaps this is only logical to us and is not logical in the reality of it all. Nevertheless, it is probably better to just assume logic and reason are reasonable and logical...I know I do :)  Well... why do they call them logic and reason, then? If logic isn't logical, what would be?illogical...
Compassion is a human drive that most of us have independent of belief systems. Even apes have been demonstrated compassion. It is an emotion that, in the evolution of the human species, has helped it to survive. Even if you specifically choose to disregard all the evidence of evolution, there is still demonstratable evidence of current human's drive of compassion. Now, how we choose to react to that drive - i.e. to let it drive our moral rules or to disregard it - may be partly based on our belief system and preferences. However, the fact that we have this drive makes for trends in human morality that are not purely arbitrary.Ok, so you have a belief that compassion is a natural law...The fact that it is "built in" doesn't mean much as it is still a belief...there is no logical reason why it is "built in".  Reality is a belief ??? That makes no sense. Reality is reality. Whether we are reading it accurately is dependent on our methodology. We can have beliefs about reality based on inspired guesses (i.e. faith) or we can base our understanding of reality on evidence. I suspect that delving into this difference will take us way off track, so lets just leave this point for now.I was saying what you call "reality" is really a belief in a natural law.  Do you claim that we have NO understanding of reality on which to base our logic? For example, do you think it can be logical for a man to hold you accountable for hurting him in his dreams?I don't think that's logical but I still base that off of fundamental principals in my belief system.    Your moral system is based on you or a group saying - this is right because we say it is. There is nothing keeping that from being completely arbitrary other than the limits of human imagination.  A moral system which includes logical analysis will have inherent limits to its arbitrariness since logical analysis limits random views to views that follow logical patterns.   Compassion does not necessarily limit arbitrariness in a moral system. It simply limits the human suffering that a moral system could impose.  Of course, I am assuming that you agree that it would not be good for a moral system to be COMPLETELY arbitrary. If not, then I think we have so little common ground in our discussion of morality that any further discussion on this topic would be pointless.Your's is arbitrary too. That's my point. You say compassion like it's a stated fact that this is the natural law and we all live by this. In fact, this is a circular argument. You go from saying compassion is the basis and logical analysis is the tool but when asked how you got to compassion you claim logical analysis...but how can that be since that is the tool derived from compassion.   Logic and reasoning are not belief systems and are not moral values. They are tools to make determinations based on a given belief system and moral value system. In your case, you believe compassion is the most fundamental "law". This is your belief system. It is a belief because you believe this to be something everyone goes by...this can't be proved and saying "well it seems everyone does it" is a logical fallacy (which goes against your logical analysis test). Anyway, so from compassion you make a logical analysis (which also assumes you know what is logical) to make decisions in life such as "is eating this food against my belief system". It doesn't get any more arbitrary. Perhaps someone else will say there are no fundamental beliefs as we are all different. This is arbitrary as well. A third person could say "there is a God and the belief system is set by Him". This is arbitrary (to you at least) just like belief system 1 and 2.   Anyway, perhaps I should relate this to abortion for a second. IF compassion is your number 1 goal then you still can't derive abortion as being right or wrong. Perhaps you might say "well you can only have compassion for something with a mental existence". This isn't a logical conclusion based on anything...just belief.
It is built in to most people by our biology - not by choice. How we respond to it or how we either concentrate on it or ignore it depends on our belief system.Can you say a realization that God exists is not built in? There is no evidence to support this claim..it is a belief.  So, do you think that our views of reality are COMPLETELY arbitrary so that beliefs can be completely arbitrary since reality is completely unknown? I am trying to see if there is ANY common ground that we have in this discussion about reality or about some limits to morality that we can work off of. You seem to say that EVERYTHING is arbitrary - including morality. If everything is so random and unknown in your view, then there is absolutely no fixed reference for any of your views. Where can we possibly go in this discussion if you have no fixed reference that we can go off of?I mean to say the are arbitrary to the extent that we can't prove one set of beliefs over another...I do believe there to be one true right and wrong though. The fact is, there may not be a common ground. I believe in a system of morals that is beyond my control and beyond be coming up with. You believe in some kind of natural law for whatever reason. I guess we could go down either one of those paths and see how it leads to a conclusion on abortion.  My choice of using compassion as one goal may have some arbitrariness in it. I choose it since one of my goals for a moral system is to limit human suffering. I assumed that that was a common goal but perhaps that is not so. Do you, personally, believe that the reduction in human suffering is one worthy goal for a belief system?  My choice of using logic in moral systems assumes that we do not want COMPLETELY arbitrary moral systems. I still do not know whether or not you agree that having completely arbitrary moral systems would be a bad?Human suffering is probably bad....my moral system happens to agree there.   Logic doesn't make a moral system completely not arbitrary but it does help with coming up with conclusions based on that moral system so you are at least not arbitrarily making moral judgments. So in that sense we both wouldn't have an arbitrary moral system. Someone that didn't would be called a moral relativists as this is based on the idea that morals are arbitrary (meaning there is no right and wrong). So agree that having an arbitrary moral system is a bad idea.  Logic is not relative. People may be skilled or unskilled in using logic. If they are unskilled, then someone more skilled would hopefully clear up their illogic. Anyway, logic itself is not dependent on a belief system or moral system but it can help limit it. I think logic is useful for any moral system - whether or not it includes compassion.  There is another aspect of the general view of "rationality" that may be contentious. Most of us believe that a rational view is one that is based on reality, where that reality is determined based on well-analysed observation not on guesswork. That is where we might differ in our use of the words "rational" since you might view your guesses as being more true than observation in revealing the reality. Your view is far more arbitrary than those who base their views of reality on observation since guesses are inherently arbitrary. The wide range of religious faiths that people have about reality shows the arbitrariness that can result when people base their beliefs on guesswork, not on observable reality. (I see that we will be getting way off topic if we pursue this, but its up to you.)I don't think it is relative. I just mean to say that your logic and reason might not be logical and reasonable. And yes, logic and reason are dependent on a belief system in that they are the only tools to make decisions by. Without a ideas what would you have to determine the logic and reason for?  Observation presupposes a belief system and a logical and reasoning system. How could you say I do not observe God to be in all? How could you say one could observe no common traits among people? You observed compassion I suppose and then made the assumption that this is the natural law. That's all fine and good but still arbitrary and still no reason and logic for doing so.  Just face it :) You believe in many things whether you like it or not. You have faith in these things and you make (hopefully) logical conclusions from these. This is called your worldview and it is the basis for all your understanding. It is very clear we have different wordviews but at the same time mine is no more arbitrary than yours.  Compassion and empathy have similar definitions. They imply trying to understand the situation / issue from the other persons point of view. If there is no other point of view since no other mentality exists, then how can you have compassion or empathy? Compassion and empathy are very different. Compassion is sympathy (ie looking from your view) while empathy is looking through anothers view. Even so, empathy still presupposes that entity thinks and feels the same way you do.
As I mentioned, there is evidence of Apes showing compassion (I can find you specific evidence of that) - this is only relevant for those who recognize the evidence of Evolution. Many aspects of compassion are simply an emotion that we feel, where our emotions are generally considered "built in". I suppose that some aspects of compassion require conscious analysis, and those would be subject to our belief system - just like any belief in God is a conscious analysis subject to our belief system. However, even if we were never taught compassion, we would still have some emotion leading us there. If we were never taught that God exists, we would not have any built in method to automatically feel God's existence. At least there is no evidence of that.Why couldn't the ape have learned compassion?  I guess I don't see where we might have common ground to discuss anything. You claim that your moral view is right based on an assumed reality for which you provide no evidence. You don't think that evidence is necessary to hold a view of reality on which you base your morals. Nevertheless, you think it just that you can impose those arbitrary rules on the population at large - including those that do not share your view. Using that logic, you would have no objection to members of Extremist Islam imposing their moral beliefs on you since they claim that their view is right based on their unsupported claims of an assumed reality. Why would it be wrong for militant islamists to impose their religious views on you but it is not wrong for you to impose your religious view on others?Two ways to look at your question. First off, they are wrong because I believe in an absolute right and wrong and they happen to be wrong. Second, they could do this as I believe in a democracy as the best way to decide these things as humans are flawed.  All I am trying to do is find some common ground that we can base our common views of morality on. If you are denying that moralities should even follow logical reasoning, then I think we have no chance of finding common moral ground and the rules we impose on the populace in general are just a fight to retain a majority vote. Under such a guideline, there is nothing stopping us from re-instituting slavery, witch hunting and the like except for the whims of the populace. I, for one, think that situation would be dire but perhaps you see no problem with that.I don't deny moralities should be followed by logical reasoning...I deny that a belief system is derived from logic. The belief system already exists prior to logic....at the very least you believe in logic and reasoning as tools. But when deciding on the morality of something you have to have a belief system in place to logically derive a conclusion on that moral question. Looking a just moral questions, how would you decide if hitting someone with your car is logically sound with your belief system if you don't previous have a belief system to base those questions on? So, like you said, you might be born with it....so you are born with a belief system...there is no logical reason for this to be there, it just is. You base your moral views using logic.  I would agree that the logic of an arguement is only as good as the person's skill in using logic. That is why debate and discussion of topics (especially by calm and intelligent people) can help to overcome illogical arguments and reach a logical conclusion. The thing that I find surprising in your approach is that you find no need to explain the logic behind your moral views. You just take them at face value. That type of approach is the approach that can easily lead to arbitrary stances on morality.I didn't say you don't need to explain the logic behind a moral view. I just said you don't need logic to prove a belief system as you can't. It is impossible. Your belief of compassion being "built in" has no logic behind it...it just is what it is. The use logic to come up with conclusions based on that belief system. I do the same with regards to mine.   Ok, if you claim to observe God in all, what logical arguements can you use to say what it is that you observe that makes you think it is God? Science does not take observation and make random guesses about that observation. Initial hypotheses may sometimes be based on barely supported guesses, but those hypotheses are not taken seriously unless they have a lot of evidence to support them. You may make a hypothesis that what you observe contains God, but what evidence do you have to support that hypothesis? Hypotheses that are unsupported tend to be fairly arbitrary. Hypothese that ARE supported by evidence are much less arbitrary.This doesn't address the idea that the belief system is still presupposed.  Again, you can't prove a belief system without circular reasoning which, in your case, contradicts everything.  From dictionary.com:  com·pas·sion -noun 1. a feeling of deep sympathy and sorrow for another who is stricken by misfortune, accompanied by a strong desire to alleviate the suffering. -verb (used with object) 2. Archaic. to compassionate.  em·pa·thy -noun 1. the intellectual identification with or vicarious experiencing of the feelings, thoughts, or attitudes of another. 2. the imaginative ascribing to an object, as a natural object or work of art, feelings or attitudes present in oneself: By means of empathy, a great painting becomes a mirror of the self.  Both of those assume a mental existence of another (i.e. the other suffers, or has feelings, thoughts, etc.), except for the 2nd definition of empathy that talks about imaginary attachments to an object.they don't assume mental existence. You can feel compassion for a dead person. They do assume a mental existence for the person who is giving the compassion though.
Yes it is. It shares human DNA. What you are doing is discrimination, you are discriminating against my kidney[/sarcasm].  As you will learn someday, a species much be able to interbreed (as referring to all of them..so don't get smart and say "well some can't") and therefore your kidney is not a member of the human species. So yes, I am discriminating against your kidney.
What if, by whatever means of persuasion, the majority of Americans decided to believe in extemist Islam. Then they would be democratically voting to impose those extreme religious views on all other Americans. Would that be right in your view? As for your first point, they think you are wrong because they believe in an absolute right and wrong and think that you happen to be wrong. I'm sure that the majority of people in the majority of relgions think that they are the ones that are right - that doesn't make them right. It just allows for arbitrary rules of morality being forced on unwilling people.  There are a few points to make there. The moral rules that people make need to be based on some underlying logic. Perhaps logical analysis will eventually reach down to an underlying reasoning, but I don't see that analysis happening nearly deeply enough when it comes to many religious moral stances. According to your approach, someone might validly claim to have a core moral rule that "Black people should be slaves to white people" and use logical progression from that rule to set up the details of a moral system. My approach questions the logic behind that original rule as well and can thus limit such arbitrary morality.   I already mentioned several times that my choice of compassion as a goal was indeed subjective and that I chose it because it limits human suffering. People for whom human suffering does not matter need not take that choice into account. I suppose that an important question that we haven't answered is:  "What is the purpose for having a system of morality to begin with? Do humans even need to have a system of morality?"  It is possible that we may even disagree on this point. I personally think that humans do need a system of morality to limit social chaos and ruthlessness. Since human personalities vary, that morality needs to allow for a wide range of personal preferences and goals. Some of the overall goals I would have for a moral system would be the limiting of human suffering in the society and having a moral system whose assumptions are based on reality (as best we can ascertain it).  What are some of the goals of a moral system in your view? Why do humans need a system of morality?  You cannot validly feel compassion for a dead person in the sense of thinking of them as currently suffering unless the afterlife really exists (there is no evidence of such an afterlife). When we feel compassion for the dead, we are either remembering the suffering that the person went through and feeling a compassion for what they went through in the past. This has nothing to do with anything that a dead person is currently going through - just what they already went through - it is a compassion about past events. Otherwise, we are imagining them somehow continuing on past death and feeling compassion for their loss of physical life (this assumes they do continue on in an afterlife - an assumption that is not based on evidence and is simply a guess). A lot of the time, people who are mourning are mourning for their own loss much more than they are feeling compassion for an assumed currently existing loved one.  Is it just me or is this getting too deep? I haven't read your post yet but I really do hate philosophy so is it possible for us to narrow this down to the following:  1) My worldview states we value from the beginning of human life (conception) 2) Your worldview states we value from the beginning of a "mental existence" 3) From our worldview, our stance on abortion makes logical sense 4) Both worldviews are arbitrary but nontheless are there  That would make my half day at work so much better :) But if you want me to read your post and go on just say "please reply" and I'll suck it up haha.
I agree with most of that summation. I do think that, ultimately, there are trends in moral philosophy that keep our worldviews from being completely arbitrary. I suspect that there probably does exist some common core view of morality that we share that we can work off of. That is part of what I was hoping to get out of the discussion - a common starting point from which we could try to reach some consensus.   However, I admit that, yes, it does delve pretty deeply into philosophy and, though ultimately quite relevant to the abortion debate, does stray fairly far from common abortion topics. So, I guess I agree with you to just leave things as things stand and go back to the usual topics. Besides, I will be travelling for the next days and will only have limited time for forum discussion.  Happy holidays.  Me too, and I really do hate philosophy despite my frequent posts which suggest I love it.  I will say that I hope people work from their worldview to a stance on abortion as opposed to working their way backwards which I often feel is the case on these forums (that goes for both sides). This is easily seen by reading posts on different forums to see if they apply the same standard across the board. This is generally why I respect your posts above many others (such as large red print man)...the idea that you "want gay rights" and "want the death penalty" and "want abortion" and "love the Iraq War" and then you go and try to form a worldview to accomplish that is just stupid.
Lets break this down. Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts, or consciousness or self awareness is what makes an embryo have rights. The Lifers say that it should have rights regardless of its physical state.  Now, if I sat a flower pot down next to you, would you tell me it should have rights and that we should make pot smashing murder? Probably not. BUT, what if that pot started to talk to you. Started to ask you questions about life, and started to ask you where it was and what its purpose was. What if you had a casual conversation with this pot? Now, obviously, this pot should have rights, am I not correct? Since I'm a hardcore trekkie (and I know quoting star trek isn't the best debate, but its a good analogy), I can relate to what Commander data was going through. In case you didn't know, Commander Data is an anderoid, a Robot. But, he is hard to tell apart from a human. When he was first being built, he was not considered a sentient being. He was a bunch of parts, but when those parts were put together and he was activated, it was then he was considered a sentient being deserving of rights. This can very much relate to an embryo. An embryo is in early stages. It is like commander data in parts. They did not consider data a sentient being deserving of rights. However once he was activated, the captain and the crew had to defend his rights on numerous occasions. An embryo can also be like a flower pot. Even though that flower pot may have the capability to develop intelligence, it lacks intelligence. But, as i said before, if that flower pot started talking to you, then it obviously has developed intelligence and is deserving of rights. The same goes with your computer. If it becomes self aware, and starts talking to you, it is then that it deserves rights.   Simply because an embryo shares some human DNA is no excuse to grant it an exception. I know many of you will bring up eugenics and the mentally ill, but the mentally do posses intelligence. Maybe not as much as you or I, but they still posses it. You must be an understudy of Peter Singer.   Do you know at what age a human begins to talk? Do the criteria you pose require intelligible, meaningful talk or simply babble? I was not aware that you were a proponent of infanticide.
Lets break this down. Most pro-choice advocates think that intelligence is when human life starts, or consciousness or self awareness is what makes an embryo have rights. The Lifers say that it should have rights regardless of its physical state.  Now, if I sat a flower pot down next to you, would you tell me it should have rights and that we should make pot smashing murder? Probably not. BUT, what if that pot started to talk to you. Started to ask you questions about life, and started to ask you where it was and what its purpose was. What if you had a casual conversation with this pot? Now, obviously, this pot should have rights, am I not correct? Since I'm a hardcore trekkie (and I know quoting star trek isn't the best debate, but its a good analogy), I can relate to what Commander data was going through. In case you didn't know, Commander Data is an anderoid, a Robot. But, he is hard to tell apart from a human. When he was first being built, he was not considered a sentient being. He was a bunch of parts, but when those parts were put together and he was activated, it was then he was considered a sentient being deserving of rights. This can very much relate to an embryo. An embryo is in early stages. It is like commander data in parts. They did not consider data a sentient being deserving of rights. However once he was activated, the captain and the crew had to defend his rights on numerous occasions. An embryo can also be like a flower pot. Even though that flower pot may have the capability to develop intelligence, it lacks intelligence. But, as i said before, if that flower pot started talking to you, then it obviously has developed intelligence and is deserving of rights. The same goes with your computer. If it becomes self aware, and starts talking to you, it is then that it deserves rights.   Simply because an embryo shares some human DNA is no excuse to grant it an exception. I know many of you will bring up eugenics and the mentally ill, but the mentally do posses intelligence. Maybe not as much as you or I, but they still posses it.  In a debate it is useful if you relay some real examples, instead of flower pots and star trek. Since this is a long thread, I only read the first post, and now I will render my opinion.  Since a flower pot will never speak, and data was never real. That is a bad example of a living thing, and whether it should have rights or not. Now I'm tired of hearing people say the samething about the human embryo.  1. Its just a clump of cells.  2. It has no feeling.  We all know that once the cells start to form that is the beggining of a human life. Whether it can feel, or not it is still deserving of some rights. Because of what it WILL become. And that is a human life. And the dna runnig through the cells, are from the mother. So its a part of her. It is so easy to say that you don't want a child and to just get rid of the cells, that will become a human. But what if your parents felt the same about you?! What if one day your mom was looking at too much star trek, while pregnant with you and decided to scrape you out. Think about all the things you enjoy now, they would never happenif your mother decided to just throw you away. Abortion is inhumane, and iresponsible. If you made a child through sex, then is on you to keep it.
The question is not whether a flower pot deserves rights, the question is whether it actually has rights. And I can definitively say that a flower pot does not have rights. It does not have rights because of what it is (a flower pot) not because of what it does not have (mental existence).  Beam me up Scotty!
I've tried that, and you're fairly new here. Sad that it has to come down to flower pots and star trek, but its really the only way I can get my point across, so I had to use something universally accepted as something that doesn't deserve rights, such as a flower pot.  Still not good enough for a serious debate like this. Because this is serious, mention of tv characters, and flower pots, seems like your leading the debate off to shaky grounds. Part of starting up a debate is to state your opinons on solid facts. Not Data from star trek, and visions of talking flower pots. Anyone could poke holes in that, and its not based on anything solid. Sorry if I sound mean, but I take debate serious.    I agree. It is the beginning. Not a human life, at least not yet.  How wrong you are.   Where did you get this idea? Can you back this up anywhere? It seems that the basis of rights is intelligence. Plants don't share the same rights as animals. Animals don't share the same right as humans (human humans, not embryos). I cannot legally vote. The mentally ill cannot legally drive. And embryo cannot overpower a woman's body.  Of course an embryo cannot overpower a womans body. If it could, there would be alot less abortions. In certain circumstances, intelligence is the basis of rights. But in the instance that the person cannot think for themselves, then the rights of that person would be entrusted to someone who can make a decision for them, until they can make it for themselves.   An example is with young children, babies, and toddlers, who cannot make decisions for themselves. At the moment they are incapable of making sound decisions based on their health, their living conditions, and their all around welfare. So parents make those decicions for them. That is the same with an embryo. At the moment it cannot think for itself, because it has yet to develop to that stage. So the mother must make decisions for the baby forming in her womb.   That dose not mean that it has no right to live, but merely that it needs to mature in the belly. Just as we don't take a toddler off and kill it, because it can't make important decisions. We shouldn't do that when it comes, to an embryo. BTW, you're asking for my sources, let me see yours, backing up what you're saying.     In that case, you better start having sex right now, because every moment you're not, you're denying a human a right to exist.  This is a premature statement, and has nothing to do with the topic. If you feel it dose, then enlighten me. Otherwise, just leave it alone.   See above. My sperm can become a human, but masturbation isn't illegal. Its not illegal for girls (or women) to have periods. I still don't understand your logic here.  As you also don't understand your own statements that you just made. Because if you did, then you would not have made such a folly, as to say what you said in the above statement about periods, and masturbation. So let me break this down to you.  Masturbation- Stimulating oneself, through the playing of ones genital areas.   Now, this has nothing to do with abortion. I see where you're trying to go with the mention of this, but I'm sorry buddy. It makes no sense. Expecially sense, you are not killing an embryo. Yes sperm is vital for reproudution. You have billions, upon billions of sperm in each testical. So whatever comes out, in the instance that a very desprate person trys to please themselves. It is not enough to empty the testicals, and render the person from having children. So this has nothing to do with abortion. Since men are constantly generating sperm. Unless they have a low sperm count.  Periods- The cleaning out of the uterus, overies, and other female organs.  Why is this so important?! Because if a woman has not used her eggs(meaning has not gotten pregnant) Then the unfertilized egg is discarded, leaving room for a new egg to drop, and be fertilized. In order for women to have healthy pregnancies, they must have a healthy reproductive system. If they don't, then they as well as any embryo can beocme very sick.This also has nothing to do with abortion, since this is not an instance where an embryo that was fertilized is being aborted.   I think its better if you had more knowledge of the things you pin-point so that you are not making claims that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.   She did. That such a coincidence, because she did watch a lot of star trek with my dad while she was pregnant. And I mean, A LOT.  That explains your opening statements.emoticon_rolleyes   And here's an example why our culture has not embraced logic yet. What if your parents had a headache when they were going to have sex and decided not to and you weren't concieved? Think about all the things you enjoy now, they would've never happened if your parents had a headache and decided not to have sex.  That would have been alot differant then having intercourse, see that you are pregnant, and aborting it. At least if they decided to have intercourse later, I would still have had a chance to born. Since they both still hold the dna that would be useful in making me. Wheher they had sex that night or not, they still could have had me anytime, they had intercourse. So I can see where your argument is flawed, and lacks logic.     If they did decide to abort me, it would've been before I existed. You can only legally abort in the first and second trimester, and that was before I existed. "I" came to exist somewhere in the third trimester, when I gained mental existance and awareness. Before that, the embryo was just a cellular watersack. Your logic is extremely flawed, more so that most of the pro-lifers on these forums. I would think a bit deeper about your position before coming and posting it onto here.   On the contrary. If I were you, I would think more deeply before I uttered another statement on this topic. It is your logic that is flawed. And that is why you are making so many mistakes when it comes to your posts. Because everything you said, is extremely flawed. And don't worry, I'll take the time to break down why that is, with every statement you post up here. Ending on this note.  You said that you can only abort in the first and second trimester, which I already know. But saying that you don't exsist in these stages is a huge misstatement. And shows an illogical viewpoint. Non-exsisting is when there is no evidence of any life form once-so-ever in the womb. Meaning no cell forms, and no water sack.  But the fact that you yourself stated that you would only be a watersack, shows that there dose exsist a life form in the womb. The water sack is protecting the cells that are forming in the womb. Which is an early stage of life. If there was no lifeform there would be no watersack, and no cell formation. So to say a human life form is non-exsistant at that stage is a falsehood. People say that only to justiify their actions when deciding to abort.   I think maybe you should explain why a water sack and cells would be in the womb, if nothing exsisted in there, at the first and second trimesters.   Also explain what the cells forming represents, since as you put it, the embryo is non-exsistant in the first and second trimester. Remeber, for something to be non-exsistant, there must be nothing there. No sign of life. Explain why the cells that are supposed to be non-exsistant at the first and second trimesters are there.
Just like I am discriminating against an embryo. You don't seem to hide it.  ok, so you discriminate against some humans...thats your choice.
Shooterandproud- How in the world can you call yourself debating?! You took every statement I said and responded to it without even getting the point of them. You broke pieces of it up, and never thought about your response. Because alot of the things you sopke of did not make sense.  Ex: You brought up masterbation and a period. I gave the definition and told you why they did not relate to abortion. Its not my fault you could not understand the point.  Even if my parents did not have sex that night, and I were not born. That would have been better then getting rid of something that had the potential of becoming a human being.  Another_Opinion- Your view of the arm, being cut off. I disagree with your statement. I also disagree with how you spoke of mental exisitance being more important then physical.  The cells in the womb are constantly forming, so they are not dead. Nor dose it have any indication of being dead. That fact that you feel that an embryo dose not have the right to form, really alarms me. A brain is one of the first things that start to form when an embryo starts forming cells. In ths instance the pulses, from the signals caused by the exlectro pulses, play a major role in forming the rest of the baby. And that is before the brain is fully developed. It may not be mentally aware, but the pulses are real. And the growth process is real. Cells that divide into something that will soon function as a human, has a right to develop, and have a chance at life.   Our kidnys, and liver, and vital organs, have no mental exsistance of their own. So why not get rid of them huh? They are not mentally aware. They only work involentary impulses.    As of the one liner I pulled in my earlier posts. Some have brought it out that I did not have solid evidence. But I let the information after that sentence show why shooterandproud was wrong. So I did provide evidence. If I would have said,"How wrong you are." And ended my post, then I can understand people sayng I did not support my statement. But I did make a full case on why he was wrong. So whats the big deal?!
By that logic, you are also discriminating against humans if you discriminate against a kidney.  no, by my logic you are discriminating against a human and I am discriminating against a human kidney. Do we really need to get into the difference between a human and a kidney?
Ok, then I am not discriminating against a human, I am discriminating against a human embryo. they are one in the same. The embryo happens to be a human while a kidney does not. Even Another Opinion admits that the definition of human includes an embryo but not a kidney...but words have no meaning to you.
Just to clarify, I agree that one of the two main definitions of a human technically corresponds also to an embryo - i.e. 'member of species homo sapien". The other definition of "a human" is "a person" so, for that second definition, an embryo would not be that version of a human. why not? The definition of "person" is a human being....unless you take a different definition and then many "humans" don't apply such as a one year old.
I think that in this and other forums, the reason that the religious right insists on definitions is that many do base much of their morality on unsupported proclamations, so the exact wording used in the proclamations and the definitions of those words are important. Well you think wrong. I have stated on numerous occasions that it shouldn't matter what you call a fetus or embryo...I only object to the idea that you don't call a fetus a human and that somehow justifies abortion. I respect the fetus for what it is not for what he/she can do or for what you call it.  For many, such proclamations are based on religion. I am guessing here, but I think that they do not question the proclamation itself (since it is assumed to come from God and, as such, cannnot be questioned) but, if the wording is not absolutely clear, then they think that there must be an authority that can make it clear. They are, in general, much more open to placing their trust in a respected authority without questioning that authority.What is with this proclamation kick? A morality system has a basis for development...if you call these 'proclamations" then you have them too...so big deal if mine is from a God and yours is from yourself or nature or whatever.  For myself, and I suspect you and many others, we do not automatically think a respected authority is right because they are an authority. We find it important to think for ourselves - independently of any authority.Yet this makes you the authority and thus create your own morality...a reject this idea.  Bottom line: we think it is important to think for ourselves and judge for ourselves so reasons behind moral and other issues are more important to us than those on the religious right, who do not think it is as important to think for themselves (since they believe in blind faith in both God and in respected authority). It is a fundamental difference in psychological approach which, among other things, makes those on the religious right dwell on official definitions (i.e. meanings dictated by an authority) as being more important than the underlying substance and reasoning.In all fairness everyone here has dwelled on it ;) You were doing ok until you think definitions matter...they really don't. Even you dwell on definitions of person and things like that.   We don't need you coming in here and changing the subject with your pointless debate. You already ruined the "Why Pro-life?" thread with your semantics debate, don't try to ruin another one. emoticon_cry You can block users if you like to.
Another_Opinion- I found a flaw in your definitions. #2 of the definition, says that being a human= one of importance? So that means people who are not of a higher stature, and have no importance as far as being an important pillar to humanity, doctors, laywers, president, etc. Are not humans?! By that definition of a human equaling importance, then I guess those who are not of high calibar, are not human. Those definitions did not help you in your debate.  Also, even if a human arm were to be severed from a person. It is still a part of that person. Why?! Because whether it is still attached or not, if you take a cell sample off of that arm, it will link back to the person, whose arm was cut off. Bearing proof that the arm belongs to that person. Not to mention the fingers that might be connected to that arm, which holds fingerprints, that can also link back to the person whose arm was cut off. The dna, plus the undeniable prints will show that the severed limb still belongs to the individual, despite, the fact that it is severed.  But what does a severed arm have to do with a embryo, that is inside of a womens womb, and is dreanched in the mothers DNA?! Nothing at all! Because even though she aborts it, the embryo is still hers, since it was her DNA that started to form the embryo. People try to justify abortion, so that they can get out of the responsability of taking care of a child.
So what about people who have abortions and already have a child or children?  Then they are getting out of the responsablitiy of taking of another child.
Does it make any sense for someone to take on a responsibility they will be unable to fulfill? No one is "getting out" of anything. That is a very childish way to look at it. Sometimes the mature, sensible and compassionate thing to do is not make a bad situation worse by making promises you can't possibly keep.  The childish thing to do is to just get rid of it. To man up to responsibilities, are not always easy. But that does not mean that you are making promises that you cant keep. My mother didn't always have an easy way of life for us when we were growin up. We used to be poor. But she worked hard and always provided for us. We started to have a decent life, not too much later, because of her hard work and struggle. And she is a stronger woman because of it. And as kids, we never lacked anything, even when we were poor. Because for her love for her children, and her blood, sweat, and tears, as they say. Women who run that sorry line that they can't take care of a kid because they don't have the money. Is in my opinion taking the easy way out, and are worried about themself. To me that is childish, and not bearing responsibility.
Simply put, sometimes there are good reasons for wishing to get out of the responsibility of taking on a new child, in which case abortion is indeed justified option. Your argument seems to assume: 1. That there are no good reasons behind not wishing to take care of a new child. 2. Abortion is not justifiable.  If that is what you think, then you are wrong on both counts.  Your statement here seems a bit vauge. Why don't you elaborate on why its wrong on both accounts?! Your severed arm example was already used BTW. I'm intreasted in hearing something new.
It sounds like your mother was, through extremely hard work and lots of love, capable of being an excellent mother. Others cannot claim the same and could possibly subject their children to a terrible life. You are very fortunate to have such a mother.  Well thank you. Alot of people say the samething to my mom. They say,"Your children are fortunate that they had you, bcause you really got them through some hard times." Now I try my best to help my mother the best I can. Because she worked hard to make a comfortable life for us.:)
First, these were assumptions on your part that you did not justify so there is no arguement that you have presented to convince others that those assumptions were right.  I have presented the argument about when women claim not to have the money for a child. I backed that up wih my own experience. You might need to read more carefully.    Second, addressing each point separately: 1. That there are no good reasons behind not wishing to take care of a new child. There are many reasons for not wishing to take care of a child. To give just a few examples: The mother in question might be very poor and simply can't afford to raise a child or, if she has other children, a new child in the family makes it impossible to take care of that family.   I already gave an example, for this one. It can happen, a mother can take care of children without much money. Those who say they can't are weak, and don't want to try. No one helped my mom raise us. Family memebers were not very helpful. But she accomplished it. And we lived a good life because of her hard work. So! It can be done, saying it can't and getting rid of a child, is a fallcey, and shows a sign of weakness.      The mother might have a serious illness and might not be able to take care of a child.   There are homes, and facilities, that help mothers with mental illnes, to have and take care of their babies. And also, there is adoption. No one has said anything when I mentioned that there are social workers who will help with hospital bills etc. That is the same with women with a mental illness. Plus in some instances, family members, are willing to take care of the child when the mother cannot.   Here are some links, that show there are more then enough programs for mothers in this situation.  http://www.cpcwa.org/ps-housg.htm  http://www.cpcwa.org/news.htm  http://www.amioakland.org/alliance-for-the-mentally-ill-about.html  http://www.nfnf.org/newborn-services.php     The mother might be addicted to drugs and be mentally incapable of taking care of the child.   There are also programs set up for mothers on drug, who have children. They usually can get the help they need there.  http://www.mwcinc.org/Programs_Service/Power.html  http://www.Phoneixhouse.org/NewYork/GetHelp/SpecialFocus/index.html  The mother might be very young - mid teens - and also be mentally incapable of raising a child. There are many reasons why women decide that they cannot raise a child. You have not supported any argument that says that those reasons are not valid.  Welfare helps young mother with children. Giving them a place to stay, foodstamps,etc. People have a negitive view of welfare, because people sit their lazy butts on it all their lives. Although I'm not on it, I know that it will give young people help in the right direction. And when they are stable, they can be independent of it There are ways. Wanting to explore, those ways is another thing.   2. Abortion is not justifiable. To start off, there are some cases where even pro-life proponents admit that abortion is justifiable - including major risk to the mother's life (or health) and for incest or rape. The situations where abortion is justifiable in the third trimester of pregnancy would be quite limited compared to situations where abortion is justifiable in the first trimester of pregnancy since there is far more at stake (the fetus might have a mental existence). Even Roe vs. Wade lets states limit third trimester abortions because of consideration of fetal rights. However, there is far less at stake in first trimester abortions (which constitute the very great majority of abortions) and there are thus more justifiable reasons. A woman has the right to her own body. She can do whatever she wants with it unless there are other people involved. In the first and second trimester, nobody else is being hurt since nobody yet mentally exists. Without mental existence, there is no suffering, there is no sense of loss, no emotions, no thoughts, no sense of self, ... - nothing but a body that will develop into a "someone" in the near future. The rights of the mother to her own body then win out.  Its not justifiable. But if you believe all that stuff you just said, then fine. That does not make it right. And you quoting what other people said, does not change my mind.But, whatever helps you sleep at night.emoticon_rolleyes   In my last post, I had gone beyond the severed arm to bring out the basic issue involved. I noticed that you did not address that. I've repeated that section of the post below:  The issue I was getting at is whether or not the person stops existing if his arm is cut off. If you were to lose your legs to amputation, would you cease to exist? No (at least I hope you agree with me there). The same is true for any other part of the body except, ultimately, the brain - assuming that one could keep your brain alive artificially. Yes, this is a strange scenario - an artificially sustained brain - but it proves a point. Namely, as long as we MENTALLY exist (through sufficient brain function), then "we" continue to exist. Once we stop mentally existing, then "we" no longer exist - just our bodies. My point is that "we" do not exist until we start to do so mentally - around the third trimester of pregnancy.  I have aleady addressed this. And you did not reply with anything that made sense. Also the fact that a person can lose an arm, and still exsist, does nothing for your debate. I understand your point about not exsisting without mental awarenes. Even though I disagree. I find that your example of a severed arm fails to prove the point of what you're trying to bring out. No one would think that a person would stop exsisting without a limb. But a fetus, exsists, the minute the egg is fertilized. Also, if we are talking about brains, the mothers brain, which is mentally aware. Is actually working for the fetus, while it is in her womb. How do you think that the fetus is being formed?! The activity in the mothers womb, is being caused by her mentally aware brain. The functions inside of the mother, is what is helping the womb to function. That is why a baby can only, live for a certain time after a mother dies, because once her brain ceases to work, the baby dies. Because it is depenant on the mothers mental functions, to keep it alive. You may say," Thats when a baby is fully developed." But I gave that example to show,that even when a baby is a fetus, it has a brian, its mothers. And that is how it develops. Through the functions of its mothers brain, and the sack that it is in, which serves as food, and protecion for the baby.
Well, I was keeping the responsibility I took on with my daughter, and if I had another child I would be living in poverty with her, and that's not something I was prepared to do.  So you are saying that you would not have another child right? I know that living in poverty is something that is hard to do. But there are programs out there that help people in that situation.
Well, you're welcome and all, but you seemed to overlook the other aspect of my post, that perhaps not everyone is as capable or in a similar position as your mother.   [I gotta ask, as well. Sorry to be personal, but what is that signature? and do you think that is a sentiment that is attractive?]  I did not overlook it, I was too tired to get into it yesterday. But here we go... If they say they were in poverty, then they were in the same position, as us. We were really at the bottom of the barrel. Life is a struggle, and people who are not prepared for it, will not be able to withstand it. Granted, everyone does not think the same way. But everyone has responsibilties. To me there is no excuse for saying they you can't keep a kid, with all of the help you can get, and of course through hardwork. This may sound ugly, but alot of people or not willing to stand up and do what it takes to be responsible. They just give up and say they can't do it. That in my book is weak, because if they can't take the responsibility of a child, then they can't really be able to deal with life. Since life is full of struggles, and hardships. Sadly many people take the easy road out of that as well, suicide. To me there is no excuse. Man up, and except the responsibilities, that come your way.   BTW, I love my signature. It is not to be taken seriously. Its only a silly song I had in my head when making my account. Whats the big deal?! Its not aimed at anyone.
Just because your mother was able to take care of your family under the circumstances of poverty does not mean that all women can accomplish that. There are different levels of poverty - ranging from homelessness to situations that are financially stable but lacking in almost all luxuries. I am not sure what level your mother was at, but I doubt that she was in the lowest level.  How can you doubt anything without even knowing me?! And what is the cause for your doubt?! Were you there when we were walking the cold streets of New York without any place to stay?!(During a blizzard might I add) Were you there when we went knocking from door to door begging for food?! Or how about opening up a cabinet, and taking a can of babyfood someone left, and feeding it to your kids, while you yourself starve?! Oh and here is one, you go to get help from family, and they turn you away!! So how DARE you say you doubt anything!!! You haven't began to know me, nor what my mother went throught to provide for us!! If it was just a matter of not having luxury, I would not have said anything. But it went further then that. Care to eat you condecending words now?!         Also, your mother may have been a much psychologically stronger individual than many women who find themselves pregnant. I commend her on that psychological strength but you have to understand that not all women are capable of that. People range in abilities - including psychological strength to withstand adversity.  Well if they can't stand adversity. How are they dealing with life?! If its not a baby causing the adversity, it will be something else. So they may as well shut themselevs up somewhere. Life is full of adversity. That is what makes it life. Granted, there are a few sweet, tender moments. But there is also some hard knocks.  Currently, relatively few women take advantage of such programs so it certainly might be possible that a woman who searches out help might be able to find it.  Thats is exactly my point. And that is why I feel that abortion is not really justified. Alot of women just want a easy way out. They don't take advantage of the help that is in front of them.    If abortion became illegal, then such programs would easily become over-run, without being able to handle the volume.  Since we are talking about an IF here, that is irrelevant. Lets talk about the now. And the now is, that these programs are there. And they are avalible to those who need the help. Taking into account that if abortion was illegal, that these programs would be over run, is not a steady bases for abortion. Nor does it hold any ground to what my point is. My point is, that there is help, and that more women should take advantage of it. Instead of getting rid of a fetus.   As for whether or not women are weak who do not choose to keep a child, that depends on what you mean. If someone wants to do something or has the responsibility to do something and they cannot because of psychological weakness, then yes, you could call them weak. However, for these unwanted pregnancies, women mostly neither want to have a child nor feel the responsibility that they have to have it, so their decision is not based on weakness. It is based on other factors. The bottom line is that they do not feel the responsibility that they have to raise such a child. You have given no compelling reasons as to why they should feel that responsibility in the first place.  I believe I have given a reason for why they should be responsible. And I'm not taking about the rape victims here. I'm taking about the ones you said feel they are not responsible. Because that is their seed within them, they should feel the need to keep it. Not to mention that there is no excuse for why they should not keep it, because they can get help from various places. In order to provide for their children.  Also, how do you judge who is pychologicaly weak?! We are not talking about mental illness here either. Someone who is pychologicly weak, is someone who cannot handle, any kind of struggle, any kind of challenge. Like you said, about the women who just don't want the responsibility of a child. So they have an abortion. To me that IS pychologicaly weak, because they are not willing to do what it takes to properly provide for a child. Rearing child takes time, effort, patients, and mental ability. I know because I practicly raised my Newphews, since they were little. Thier mm valued partying. I had to with my mom raise them. So I know the time and effort it takes to raise kids. And some women can't deal with that. Thus I call them weak.    This is the very issue I was trying to bring out with my arguements - the idea that we do not exist without mental awareness. I am glad to hear you understand it. Now, why do you disagree?  I'll answer that with an example. If you see a sugar jar, sitting on the table, but it was not filled with sugar. Dose that sugar jar cease to exsist, just because it has no sugar in it?! No it would not. Dose it cease to be a sugar jar, just because at the moment it is void of sugar. No, it is still a sugar jar. Just without the sugar. And later on someone will come along and fill it up, and it no longer be incomplete as to what it is, it will be a sugar jar, that is now completely being used for what it was purposed for. No one ever(or at least I hope not) throws a sugar jar out, just because it is empty. Expecially if it is make of fine china. So now, why just throw away a human, just because it may be incomplete when it comes to mental awareness. In time, like that sugar jar, the fetus will be complete. And become what it was purposed to become. Having no mental awarness at a certain stage, in my book, does not mean a fetus does not exsist. It is just not compeletly formed yet. That is why I disagee with your example, of the severed arm, and your claim as to mental awareness.  The mother's brain is not causing the fetus to have any mental awareness. All it is doing is causing her own body to supply the necessary nutrients and environment for the fetus to continue to grow and develop. This arguement is irrelevant to the discussion about the state of the fetus itself. The discussion is not on the general category of "brains" but specifically on what characteristics the fetus develops at certain stages of growth - in this case, the sufficient development of the brain to support the mental processes that constitute our mental existence.  I never claimed that the mother brain made the fetus mentally aware. I said that it does have a mentally aware brain working in for it. Also, how can you throw out the discussion of a brain, when you brought up mental awareness?! You can't be mentally aware without a brain. And you can't have emotions without one either. So no one can throw out the discussion about the brain. Expecially since you brought up being mentally aware.
This sounds like it is written by someone who has not had a serious hardship in life and has not experienced true responsibilities - that's what it sounds like. The corollary to that way of thinking is that anyone who has been a "failure" is just that way because they are not strong enough. These are not your conclusions from your observations in life, I would suspect, but the words of someone else. You can't get it through your head that in some circumstances, going through with a pregnancy or having a child is a disastrously bad idea. If you think that suicide is the easy road, you are sadly misinformed. That is an entirely different topic, but you clearly are misinformed about mental illness. It is an illness and the therapy is not to simply "man up" (what a sexist term). Likewise, if everyone was simply (and magically, I guess) "strong" enough, there would be no hardship. Surely there are many f*ck-ups out there, but some people just have circumstances thrust upon them (perhaps even through bad choices) that cannot simply be solved by bucking up and behaving the way you think they ought.  I hope you don't get into the habit of always misreading everyones posts. I NEVER said that suicide is a way out!!! Ar you serious?! I said some have taken the easy way out of dealing with LIFE!! To me that is weak too. Get it?! I was not condoning it, I was speaking against it!  Another thing, you are a bad reader!! Because I already posted alot of the struggles that I've been through, from being homeless, to raising my Nphews from the age of 13 years old. So if you think those aren't hardships, then I suggest you look up the words hardships, and stop assuming things. Because obviously you have a problem with eyesight if it sounds to you like I never experienced hardships. And thats right, I feel people should stand up and do what they should to survive. WHY?! Because I did!!! And because my family did?! DO YOU GET IT NOW?! Or do you want to keep on assuming things? You know what they say about people who assume, and what they make of themselves.emoticon_rolleyes   Man up, is an expression. How would I make a sexist remark, if I'm a female. Its just the way you want to percieve things. And I never said that people can "Magicly" cope. So you need to re-think your next response when you refer to me. Coping, and manning up, comes with experience, and a willingness to deal with life. Regardless of what you choose to want to believe. You are not talking to some uninformed child. I know about life and struggle. Who are you to tell me I have never experienced them?! You don't know what you're talking about.  The reason I asked, is it sounds like a child who wants to sounds tough. In my opinion it is juvenile and not the words of a person who hopes to be taken seriously.  If you feel that way, and my signature is making me lose creditbility, then why are you bothering to debate with me?! Since you feel I'm a child, go off and debate with someone else. But I think you're the child since you're even focusing on something as small as a signature on someones posts. I really think you should grow up. You have no right to try and tell me anything about what I choose to right as my signature. I really don't like yours either, but I'm not childish enough to bring it up until now, since I stooped to your level. Now whos the  juvenile now. I would think it to be you. Now I'm going to add something else to my signature. Thanks for the insperation.
It is clear to most people that dealing with a very adverse situation with a helpless child is harder than doing it on ones own. People can take care of themselves more easily than they can take care of a family. Children are a huge responsibility to take one - not all people can do it in all situations. It is just too heavy an extra load for them.  It takes a strong person to deal with life, and if you're making love to your husband. Unexpected pregnancies, is life. But that does not excuse the lack willingness to except responsibilties.  I was under the assumption (and perhaps I'm wrong here) that you want to have abortion outlawed. If that is the case, then the IFs are VERY relevant.  No, I never said that it should be outlawed. I was just stating that there is no excuse for abortions. But come to think about it, they should be. But all this time I was just arguing that the reasons, used to abort children, and the actions taken were wrong.    However, if your goal is not to have abortion outlawed and simply want to use this forum to convince women not to have abortions, then your point about help being available IS relevant, but ONLY for those women who would want the child or who feel the responsibility that they should have the child but who don't do it for fear of difficulty.   Fear of difficulty is what I'm attacking. What got me going was the fact that people said, they had jobs, and a home, but still could not afford a baby. That is not an excuse, because of the fact that there IS help out there. So many women are aborting, because they fear they have to take off of work, and won't be able to pay for the hospital visits. To me that is not an excuse. Just use the help given.   So your reason for why they should feel responsible is "that is their seed within them"? I fail to see how having an unwanted seed within one makes one have to feel the responsibility of sacrificing ones body for that unwanted seed. (Note: wanted seeds are something else entirely since the sacrifice is voluntary).  This is another thing that I'm attacking. Its not just a seed, it is a part of the person carrying that seed. It has part of her DNA. The fact that a women can seperate herself, and be void of all feelings, from the fetus in her womb. Is something very detestable to me. Whether you planned for it or not. Its yours. The very CORE, of the reason they don't want it. Is because the fetus represents responsibility. And THAT, is what they are running away from. You tell me, what a fetus represents, if it does not represent responsibility?!    As for excuses, as you call them, if there is no responsibility, then the term "excuse" is irrelevant. If someone told you that "You SHOULD donate 16 hours a week of your time volunteering to help the homeless" (which we probably agree would be a nice thing to do) and you don't feel a responsibility to do that, is it an "excuse" on your part when you give reasons why that is not your highest priority? Unless you can demonstrate valid reasons why women SHOULD carry out an unwanted pregnancy, then the reasons they give are not "excuses", just reasons.  Reasons, is just a pretty word for excuses.  Also, homeless people are a part of the community, that we live in. If people were made to donate time. Then it would be the benefit of the whole community. But that is not a good example, since homless people, who are strangers to you, are not growing in my stomach. So that is not exactly the samething as seperating yourself from a fetus that is growing inside of you. But if you want to talk about homeless people. I think everyone in a community, is to a certain degree is responsible for the help of these people who have less. Because it could happen to us. And we would want the help. Also, alot of programs run on volenteers. So in this instance you are speaking to the wrong person. I think people should help them out. Since they are apart of the community that we live in. Not trying to sound holyier then thou, but thats the way I look at things.   That was why I was differentiating between the CORE of what we are vs what we are in general. In the general sense, our bodies are part of ourselves. However, imagine that you get major brain damage so that you no longer have any mental existence and only your body is alive - nothing else - and that will be the state of that physical body forever after (i.e. no mental existence will ever re-emerge). Do you view that "you" would still be there? Note: this type of situation happens all the time and officially medically determines time of death.  But without a body, the brain is nothing. So they are both are equally important, when it comes to making a human complete. So just because a fetus has not yet developed a brain, does not make it non-exsistant. Also, if a person becomes brain dead, that is entirely different from not letting a brain form at all. Because you aborted a fetus. The whole notion of being mentally aware, to exsist, is just to justify the action of aborting. Plus, you never really got into the dianamics of my example. I made the point about people not throwing away a sugar jar because it was empty. And then I emphasised how they really wouldn't throw it away if it was fine china. My point being, they still value their sugar jar as valuable, even when it has no sugar in it, and would think it absured to throw it out, when you can just put sugar in it again. So if we can put such value on something that is not living, how much more so, should we put value in something that has the potential of becoming a human. That empty sugar jar has the potential to become full again. What is the difference?! Peoples view of life has changed, the value of life, whether you want to admit it or not, has diminished.  I am throwing out the irrelevant aspects of discussion on brains. There are lots of irrelevant aspects to the discussion of brains - ex. their color, how big they are, etc. The discussion about the mother's brain is irrelevant to the discussion of how developed the embryo or fetus's brain is.  I was just bringing out the fact that the mothers mentally aware brain is working for the baby. I never speak about the color, or size of the brain. You just said that. You spoke of the baby, not having mental awareness. I spoke of it having a mentally aware brain working for it. In my eyes that counts for something. But if you don't want to continue to discuss this aspect. Then we can leave it be.
Exactly. Sometimes abortion is the most responsible thing to do (such as my case), and very often the "man up" that SpicyGirl seems to regard as the only way to handle hardships is actually the most IRRESPONSIBLE thing to do.  How is handeling hardships that come your way, irresponsible. Care to explain?!
I guess I misunderstood. You still seem to think there is only one way to handle hardships - your way. If you just buck up, you can get through. It may not be possible for some people. In any event, an abortion can be a very responsible action.   Females are by no mean immune to sexism.  Regarding your sig - to each one's own. I just thought it spoke volumes about your other responses and your general style. It had nothing to do with "liking" it, as in the esthetic sense.  Well you took a big bite of misunderstanding there. But hey, I guess we all do at times. As far as my signature gose. It staying the way it is.  And maybe females aren't immune to being sexist. But I'm not one of them. Beings you are a native english speaker(I suppose) then you should be familar with that phrase. Instead of thinking someone is making a sexist remark.
We just bought a house. To get benefits you cannot have assets, so I'd have to sell our house, and our house is an investment for our and our daughters future.  Now some say, Bearing hardships is irresponsible. But here you are making a way for yourself and your daughter. That is every bit of responsible. And shows that at least you're not afraid of taking on what life throws at you. I can respect someone like that.:)
Except responsibilities?  Does that mean except for responsibilities?  Or, that generally one accepts one's responsibilities except for the excepted responsibilities?  What?  I can't bring myself to believe that you just can't make out what Spicey meant? But, in the event that you really couldn't...  Surely you understand that "except" and "accept" are commonly interchanged with one another by mistake. By paying attention to context, we can see when this mistake has occurred. And if it has, we should understand the author to have said what he/she meant to say, rather than what they actually did say.
I can't bring myself to believe that you just can't make out what Spicey meant? But, in the event that you really couldn't...  Surely you understand that "except" and "accept" are commonly interchanged with one another by mistake. By paying attention to context, we can see when this mistake has occurred. And if it has, we should understand the author to have said what he/she meant to say, rather than what they actually did say.  Thanks for breaking that down girl! I type very fast. And I usually make alot of mistakes and mispell, or misuse words, when hurrying to type in my response. So thanks for clearing that up.:) I must type slower, so that I have fewer mistakes in my posts.
No, you misunderstand what I was referring to.  Nope! Sorry but, you misunderstood.   Those seem contrary to one another. To the extent that you think they are not, that is what I didn't understand.  How can that be?! When the key word is,"SADLY TO SAY" Pay attention.  "Sadly to say, people have taken the easy way out of that too, suicide." That does not, in anyway. Show that I said that suicide is a away out. On the contrary. I'm saying it is sad, but some people have thought of that as being the only way out.  And I'm not talikng about people who have post-traumatic stress, or who have mental illness. I'm talking about people who are coherant, and know exactly what they are doing, but pressure built up, and they just can't take it. THATS what I was talking about as being sad. Not that I personally agreed with it. So, No. I did not contridict myself. You just misunderstood. And don't want to admit it.  On the example of suicide. And it being something that weak people who can't handle life do. You mean to tell me all of those people who threw themselves out of the window on wall street, when the market crashed, had post-traumatic stress? Nope. They couldn't deal with money loss. Sadly to say, they ended their life. Ooops, I'm I condoning sucide again?!emoticon_rolleyes  "Beings" I am (are you?), I understand what the word "man" means.  No, I'm a chinese student, with no english skills. I understand no english.emoticon_rolleyes   Who says that?  A lady named shadypikchou, quoted that. You only need to look at the earlier page. I thought it was a strange statement.
There are many potential responsibilities that people can take on. However, we, as free people, can CHOOSE which responsibilities we take on and which we don't. Every single person alive chooses not to take on certain potential responsibilities. You can't volunteer 16 hours a week to the homeless, plus hold down a job to support yourself, plus help out neighbors, plus be politically involved, plus volunteer to tutor underpriviledged kids, plus ... - there is just not enough time in a persons life or enough energy to accomplish all of that. One picks and chooses which responsibilities to take on.  Yeah well, in my opinion, a fetus/baby is not just some object task/responsibility that you just choose to NOT take on. In my book, women who get pregnant have an automatic responsibility to the fetus. But faulty logic, and "so-called" severed arm examples, tend to make women feel it is ok to just abort babies until they feel they have time for them, in their so-called busy life.    You can argue that some responsibilities are required if you are not going to be an utterly imoral person. For example, intentionally causing suffering to an innocent person when that can be avoided would be something that we probably all agree would be immoral. Where abortion is concerned, I would agree that, in the third trimester, abortions should be very limited (except with risk to mother's life, etc.) since, at that point, you probably ARE intentionally causing suffering to an innocent person where that suffering can be avoided. However, prior to the third trimester, there is no suffering, there is no mentally existing person that we can sympathize with. All there is is potential. Those on the pro-choice side, for the most part, don't feel any compelling reason to take on that responsibility since we don't view abortion during those stages as immoral. Some on the pro-choice side may place so much value in that potential that they themselves would not get abortions, but they realize that that is their own judgement call and would not impose that judgement call on others through law by outlawing abortion.  I stated before that I was not pushing the issuse of outlawing abortion. But I would not be oppossed to it, if they should decide to take it to the level of making abortion illegal.  And yes! I firmly believe in POTENTIAL, because without it we are nothing. Everything starts with potential. And then becomes something better.  As for a woman feeling for the embryo / fetus in her womb, what exactly is she imagining and feeling? If she is imagining the fetus with sympathy for what it might be feeling, then prior to the third trimester, that imagination would be based purely on fiction. First trimester abortions are much easier for women to allow themselves because nobody has suffered yet for that abortion. Nobody yet existed with whom she might sympathize except possibly in her imagination.  I'm not talking about a woman feeling something in her stomach. If that is what you're alluding to. I'm more or less, talking about the obligation she feels towards that child. As to feel that she needs to protect it, and be responsible for it. Get it now?!   And why would feeling an obligation, have to be fiction?! Actually, that should be reality. If it were a reality, there would not be so many abortions.   If the woman with the embryo/fetus in her womb is imagining what that embryo/fetus will become, then we are talking about the value that the woman places in the potential of the fetus. I personally think potential is important, but a woman's right to her own body is far more important and, if she decides that her reasons for an abortion are more important than her value of that fetus's potential, then she should have the right to terminate her pregnancy.  If she feels that the potential of her baby, takes no place in her life. And can without guilt, get rid of it. Then in my opinion, she does not value life. If she can just get rid of a child, like you get rid of an empty can of soda. Then in that persons eyes, a life is like that of an empty can. Worthless. That kind of mindframe is one that I will forever question.   Why do you say that? If all that was left of you (in that earlier hypothetical scenario) was your functioning brain, then you could still dream, imagine, think, feel emotions of anger, joy, love, etc., analyze, have creativity, enjoy your memories, etc. You would be VERY limited in what you could DO and would probably be pretty lonely, but you would certainly still be around.  Enjoying those memories from where?! A glass jar?! Listen, I think you missed my point. At no fault of your own, because I did not explain myself clearly.  What I meant was this, you do not consider the bady as anything important, without mental awareness. I'm saying the two go hand in hand. Wiithout the physical body, the brain could not exsist on its own. It would have nothing to protect it, and nothing to send impulses to. My point is this. How can you see the value in one, and not the other. To say that you only exsist with mental awarenss is not all together true in my book. Because the being is starting to form, which makes a way for the brain o be able to function. Without it the brain is useless. The two are equally valuable. You can't have one without the other. So the body of a fetus, forming, should be looked at as equally important.  BTW, if the only thing that a person had left was his mental awareness. And could think about his nice memories. What good would that do them? They would just have time to sit and think about how limited they are. Then their dreams become nightmeres, and they become depressed. I know, because I work with older ones. The only ones who don't feel that way, are the ones who have constant support, from family. But lets face it, there is a limit of families wanting to put up with older ones. So in this instance, the brain being aware, doesn't do jack if the person is incapable of moving. Only cause depression. How well the brain works, without the body!emoticon_rolleyes  The only difference is in potential. One (the fetus) will, in the future, almost surely become mentally aware while the brain dead body will never become mentally aware. Potential is important but those of us on the pro-choice side view it as much less important than the rights of the mother, for whom we have a lot of sympathy.  A brain dead body in alot of instances did not start that way. It was caused by an accident later on in life. My point being, that at least that life/brain had a chance to thrive as much as it could, for as long as it could. With a fetus, you are stopping it at the starting line. Your not even giving it a chance to thrive as much as it can. So there is a BIG idfference.  Plus, I don't feel sorry for a grown woman who can take care of herself, and does not run the risk of someone scraping her out. But I do feel sorry for the fetus who has no choice but to die, at someones command.  This is the issue of potential again. A sugar jar that is not beautiful or useful except when it holds sugar is worthless if it never will hold sugar again (like the brain dead body). Its only worth, while it is sitting on the shelf without sugar, is in its POTENTIAL to hold sugar in the future. As I mentioned before, I also value potential, but not nearly as much as I value a woman's right to her own body.   Come on now! Lets not play games here buddy! I have never had anyone refer to a sugar jar, as a potential sugar jar just because it was empty. Lets use some reality here. Plus I'm not talking about a sugar jar that is not beautiful unless it has sugar in it. I spoke of a sugar jar the is made of fine china. I used fine china, to attribute it to a childs worth.  I have never seen a woman throw out, a sugar jar made of crystal, just because it is empty. Because it is a valuable piece of china. She will not see it any less valuable when it is empty, as oppossed to when it is full. She will think of the value as being equal, sense the piece in itself is pricless.   How much more should we think of a fetus as pricless? We can deny the value of a human life. And pass it off as if it was valueless, because it has yet to hit the third trimester?! But we can value a piece of fine china, that does not, have the potential to breathe,see, think, and feel?! Come on! Something is wrong here.  And I have never heard of a sugar jar, unless it is cracked. Never being able to hold sugar again. And even if no one filled it up, it would not be worthless. Because it could still carry out what it was purposed to do if someone let it. A fetus can become what it was purposed to become if someone lets it. Just because someone does not want a fetus, does not make it any less valuable. Its just that the PERSON, lacked seeing the value.   I was just giving the brain color and size as examples of non-relavant brain discussions - I did not intend to suggest that you brought up those points. I think that we should probably just drop this aspect since I think the other parts of this discussion are far more useful.  Fine, then we can drop it
Exactly. Sometimes abortion is the most responsible thing to do (such as my case), and very often the "man up" that SpicyGirl seems to regard as the only way to handle hardships is actually the most IRRESPONSIBLE thing to do.  These aren't your words?! My idea of "Manning up" is to take on your responsibilities. If that is irresponsible, then you are saying taking care of your responsibilities is Irrseponsible.   Sorry about the name, thing. But I didn't feel like going back to check the spelling. But thanks for making me feel like a kid again. Your response made me feel like I was back in pre-K days. Name calling the other kids. But as time passes, we grow up. So excuse me if I leave you in pre-K by yourself. I'm pretty fond of mingling with adults now. But here is a cookie and some milk. And don't forget to take your nap after you're done.emoticon_rolleyes
Why don't Americans master English?  And, furthermore, why do they have the gall to insist that English should be the language of America when they haven't even mastered it themselves?  I can't stand such rank, stupid hypocrisy!  So you're going to use this thread in the Abortion forum to engage in American-bashing? You are an odd individual.
Most people either are pro-life because of religious views and them knowing that an embryo is a living, breathing, child. There are much better ways for teenage mothers and mothers that don't want their child to give their child away, like adoption. Teenagers get abortions so that their parents nor anyone else find out about their pregnancies. There should be a national law either banning abortion or forcing parental permission for minors to get an abortion. That way there'll be less abortions or no abortions, and less teen pregnancies.
First of all, the "religious" anti-choicers don't "know" it is a living breathing child. They might beleive that, but really, if something doesn't exist mentally, how can you call it a child?  If you think that banning abortion will do anything to male less or no abortions or less teen pregnancies, you are sadly delusional. The only thing that will do is cause either backalley abortions with a lot of s of women, or a heck of a lot more people abandoning babies on the street (dumpsters, etc.  As to adoption, well, that might be a choice for some people, but pregnancy in and of itself is extremely expensive (doctors visits, delivery cost, after-delivery stay at the hospital, etc. It can get well up into the tens of thousands of dollars).   As to making a parental permission requirement, well, that might sound good on paper, but what about those who have been d by their fathers or uncles (or other relatives)? Do you think they'll be able to get permission? Do you really think it is fair or even moral to do that to them?  I don't think it is morally right to get an abortion. Look around you at the people that have gotten abortions. Some of them are forced to or have psychological issues because of their abortions. Do we want America to be known as an abortion nation? America should ban abortion, that way we can set a good example for other countries so that they may follow our good example. If people die because of black market abortions than, even though I am a Catholic, I say that they deserve it after what they did to a poor child.
I've had an abortion, and I don't regret it. While some women do have short term feelings of regret, long term distress is a lot more common in women who are forced to go through with a pregnancy.     So you would rather that a grown woman, a mother even, died in pain rather than an 8 week old foetus which cannot feel pain?  It is like the sentence, except they have a choice. Are you going to risk your own life to kill your child, or are you going to not put yourself or your child at risk?  It's all about one's conscience.
I'm not bashing Americans. I'm just bashing their inability to speak and write English.  Then, I'd go on to bash the lack of scientific and medical knowledge amongst so many Americans, especially the ones who choose to believe the make-believe-nonsense of "intelligent design," "unborn children" as opposed to fertilized egg, zygote, embryo, fetus. Then I'd go on to bash the economic policies of the same Americans who force women to bear children against their will and then these supposedly "moral" Americans go on to penalize these unfortunate women socially, morally, economically and professionally.  Women who give birth to illegitimate children are stigmatized as sluts. They are shunned and despised. They lose their jobs, they lose job and career and education opportunities, they are denied welfare on behalf of themselves and their children--America is not kind to families, women and children.  I think someone needs a lollypop :)
I still think that it is morally wrong to kill an child in order to correct one's past mistakes.   By having an abortion, it does nothing to clear your conscience or what you have done in the past that concluded in an abortion.  Abortions should only be done to victims of or if either the mother or child's health is at risk, in these circumstances. Other then that, one cannot clear their past mistakes by choosing to have an abortion.   If abortions are still legal, they should require parental consent for minors in all U.S. states. That way minors should feel guilty about the mistakes that they made in the past, unless they were d. By having parental consent, the parents can deal with their daughter, instead of the government.
Please read my response to this idea of yours I said:  In cases like that there should be a trial against the accused rapist, of course, and the judge should declare an abortion at the prosecution's descretion.
Yeah, that's a great idea, make the go through the trial pregnant with a foetus and face the relative who d her, all to get an abortion that she should be able to get regardless emoticon_rolleyes .  Exactly...
To clear things up, there is no "child", because a "child" is a human, and human children are sentient. It is an embryo, which is only matter, that does not mentally exist.  An embryo is considered a child/infant, even though it is like a bird egg, which is considered a bird, even though it's still in its egg.
This is a gross oversimplification and trivialization of why women choose abortions. There are a miriad of reasons, VALID reasons, women abort. Addressing those will do miles more to reduce abortion than all the self righteous preaching, ization and trivialization will.  When I was pregnant I considered abortion. Not to "correct a past mistake" (why is necesarily a mistake? we are so damned puritanical) - but because I was being denied access to medical care and I was worried about finishing my degree (birth control failure with a year left of university). Had abortion been illegal, those realities would have still existed for me. I didn't need abortion restricted - I had valid issues that needed to be addressed. They were and I was delighted - and I had my baby, my medical care and got my degree - which has helped make it possible for me to succesfully raise that baby (jobs and education are not irrelevant selfish needs). A law that disempowered me while trivializing my needs would not have resulted in a happy ending to this story.  You seem to be of the mind that pregnancy should be used punitively.  S*x is considered a mistake if you have it before you are married. Even though there are ures that encourage teenagers to have children, they are married first. S*x is supposed to be shared by a husband and a wife, however, in our society, teens have lost all morality based on this concept, so therefore it is a mistake. But abortion does not correct a mistake because you believe that you had s*x to early, but yet creates another mistake. Unless there are health issues. Even a victim shouldn't resort to getting an abortion, in contrast to what I previously stated a few posts ago. I just cannot see how someone could give up something so precious.
What is s*x?  Sorry, my computer censors out specific "bad" words. I can't control it. Just replace the asterisk (*) with an "e".
Like most in the pro-life camp, you choose to use words such as "child" or "baby" in a context very different from their usual context and in a way that most people would not agree with you.  If you are calling a newly fertilized egg a "child", then what specifically do you mean by "child"? What specific characteristics does the newly fertilized egg have that make you call it a child?  An embryo is considered a child/infant, due to the fact that the genetic code and genotype is completely the same.
By you. This is the second time in your posts I have seen you make a sweeping generalization like this. Personally I have had plenty of that I have no regrets about - however, my marriage was a mistake.    Um - I think you have an over-inflated idea about who is getting abortions. There are plenty of grown women, women in relationships, and married women who also get abortions.     Pregnancy is a REALLY big deal. Huge impacts to life, health, and finances (try tens of thousands of dollars just to get through pregnancy). Believe it or not - women, as a rule, aren't sitting doing nothing except waiting to be pregnant. They have lives, responsibilities, jobs, stuff oing on. The very concept that a woman's life should be forfeit for nine months due to a rapist is one that I find beyond abhorant.     I am glad that you find the potential impacts of precious. Having been d - I don't.  By the way - the fact that your computer edits out words like and - is very telling.  Look, I'm just a devoted Catholic that thinks it's wrong to get an abortion. The mur*ering of innocent infants is cruel, and yes, I consider abortion to be mur*er. It's just like ki*ling a defenseless person. You should be ashamed of yourself... Even if you're a victim of r*pe, you still don't "mur*er" a precious, innocent, and defenseless infant. The infant had nothing to do with what happened in the past, so why are you punishing them for what someone else did to you? You should punish the rap*st for what they did to you, not the infant.
I this stupid argument. It has NOTHING to do with punishment. Like I said - women have LIVES. I have a job, house, mortgage, child, health, and a livlihood. I will allow none of these things to be put at risk due to a . Hell - I would not put them at risk due to ANY pregnancy, but I mitigate that by safe practices and even having my tubes tied. Expecting any woman put her life on hold and herself, family or responsibilities at risk due to a is straight up ful. Demanding it against her will is a violation - just like the was.  So you're saying that you're life and other people's lives are more important than the life of an infant that did nothing wrong to deserve an abortion?
They are more important than the growth of an unwanted foetus that does not exist as a human being yet. A foetus cannot "do" things right OR wrong as it does not have a brain. After mental existence develops, it gets a little blurry, but typically after it develops in the third trimester, abortion should not be allowed except in cases where continuing pregnancy would be harmful or even to the woman.  As I stated before, a fetus and an embryo are both considered to be an infant because of the fact that the genetic code and genotype do not change. Once the sperm meets the egg the genetic code and the genotype are "locked in" once the two cells merge. The phenotype, however, changes over time from conception to pregnancy to infancy to puberty and so on.
So is my liver: it has a genetic code and the genotype does not change. A foetus might be made of human cells, but it has no more mental existence than my kidneys or my liver.  A fetus and an embryo are classified as a living infant. An embryo and a fetus are the genetic make-up of a living, breathing human. Therefore, they cannot be compared to organs in your body.
My organs have the genetic makeup of a living, breathing human. For you to claim otherwise would be to claim that our organs are that of another species. And no, they are not classified as living infants. They are classified as foetuses and embryos: hence the name "foetus" and "embryo" and not the name "infant". emoticon_rolleyes:xbanghead  They are classified as living humans even though they are still fetuses and embryos. A living human is not compared to an organ and neither is a fetus or an embryo. Even though they cannot think until they're born, they are still considered to be a human infant, and comparing them to a flowerpot or an organ is irrelevant.
Wow. That's a bad word, huh? That's one puritanical computer!  Actually it is a bad word. Thanks to some computer companies that have finally come to their senses that minors should not be subjected to curse words and p*rnographic images and such, that are helping to try to censor it out. That doesn't say much for you, though.  At least I have morals, which are pretty rare in this day and age, unlike someone else *hint*hint*.
It's a bad word? Well #### that ####!! How does one talk about the of my cat or talk about without using that perfectly normal word? Are they still teaching the evils of patent leather shoes in Catholic schools as well?  You are a piece of work, little .  From your signature, and your attitude towards Catholics, I'd say you were an Atheist. Hats off to you!
This whole entire conversation proves how our country and society has lost all morals. What does this show to other countries and societies around the world? Congratulations on all of your achievements of lacking morality.
No. I am saying that when the needs of the mother and the needs of the fetus are in conflict - only one can prevail.   Are you saying that a fetus is more important than me or my son?     Take a biology course not sponsored by the Catholic church.    Having different morals than you does not indicate a lack of them. Broaden your mind to the fact that there is a wide world full of people who aren't just like you.  I don't mean having different morals and such from me. But Pro-Choicers have lost all sense of morality based on their choices.  Basically, you and the rest of the Pro-Choicers are saying that the k*lling of infants is alright...
Another Opinion- The sugar Jar does symbolize the fetus, and the sugar the mental awareness. But just like people value their fine china. Why is it that they cannot value something that is more valuable?! That is my point.  Another thing is this. Why is it that you speak of a fetus that will never have mental awareness?! How would you know if you kill if before it can even develop mental awareness?!   Also, I never said that I do not value someone who is not able to move. or think. Where did you get that from?!
They are classified as living humans even though they are still fetuses and embryos. A living human is not compared to an organ and neither is a fetus or an embryo. Even though they cannot think until they're born, they are still considered to be a human infant, and comparing them to a flowerpot or an organ is irrelevant.  I share your same thoughts. And don't get into the organ, talk with her. She is just using an example someone else used earlier. The Pro-choice people are always using the same examples. emoticon_rolleyes
They are more important than the growth of an unwanted foetus that does not exist as a human being yet. A foetus cannot "do" things right OR wrong as it does not have a brain. After mental existence develops, it gets a little blurry, but typically after it develops in the third trimester, abortion should not be allowed except in cases where continuing pregnancy would be harmful or even fatal to the woman.  The word is spelt,"FETUS" not"FOETUS"!! Yeah go ahead and throw an tantrum now. BooHoo!!
I am a recovering Catholic, to be precise. What problem do you find in my signature? It is probabilistically accurate, wouldn't you say?  Prayers are answered. Look around you at how many people have made miraculous recoveries in d*adly operations or undergoing chemotherapy, all because their members of their church prayed for them. Take my Grandpa, for instance, he had to undergo a serious operation regarding a tracheotomy and kidney failure. He was in the hospital for nearly a month and no one was certain if he was going to live; The doctors weren't even sure... However, after my entire family, as well as the two churches that my family attends, prayed for him, he recovered fully after the 1st week in March of last year, and he went in on the last week in January. The doctors were even amazed that he lived. So, yes, miracles are possible... You don't just "think" that they happen or believe that they happen, you know that their there all around you. Look at a newborn infant, for instance, or your children. They are miracles in themselves.
I share your same thoughts. And don't get into the organ, talk with her. She is just using an example someone else used earlier. The Pro-choice people are always using the same examples. emoticon_rolleyes  I still just don't get how someone could k*ll such a precious infant, rather mur*er...  You get a life sentence for mu*dering somebody, so what's the difference with mu*dering a defenseless infant?
You choose to value the potential of the fetus more than women's rights to their own bodies. Those on the pro-choice side have the opposite value choice - we value a woman's right over her own body over the potential of a fetus. Speaking for myself, the main reason for this is that I can empathize with a woman whereas I cannot empathize with an early fetus or embryo that does not have a mental existence and it is empathy that drives most of my moral decisions.  Well we stand at opposite sides of the fence on this. And I don't think it will change. So let me just respect your stand on it and I'll pin-point some of the other things I disagree with. Hopefully by the end of this debate we can at least come to some common ground.  I think you are referring to my quote: "If a fetus will never gain mental existence, then it has no value in my book - unlike a sugar jar made of fine china, which is why I compared it to a sugar jar that is unattractive and only has usefulness if it holds sugar. ". Here, I was presenting a hypothetical of a fetus that can never gain mental existence to show that, if it never gains mental existence, then it has no worth in my book. Real fetuses, on the other hand, DO have the potential to gain mental existance and it is that potential alone which defines their worth. However, again, those of us on the pro-choice side, including myself, value that potential less than the rights of the woman over her own body.  Even an unattractive sugar jar, is still a sugar jar. Who just throws away a sugar Jar that still can be used?! A fetus can grow to be a human. I know you don't agree, but that to me IS worth alot.   You said:  Perhaps I misread your intentions in writing that second paragraph. You seemed to imply that uselessness of a brain without a body makes a difference on whether you value it. Otherwise, why did you bring up that point since it is obvious that a brain without a body is very limited? We were talking about value and what is inherently the core of you and me.  You stated that even if a brain were to work, and a body could no longer function. Then it would still be fine because the person could think about their happy moments.   I on the other hand, brought out the example showing that even if a person who could not move had the use of his brain, but not his body. He would most likely become depressed, because of the state he is in.   My example was to prove that the body, and the brain work hand in hand. One does not function well without the other. So their value should be looked at as equally valuable.   Because if a man could think, but not move. He would always wonder why he can't move. Thus becoming depressed. And what good can the brain do if he is always thinking about things he can't do?!  If a person had the use of his body, but not his brain. His cordination, thinking, and articulation would be affected. He would not be able to function very well.  So my point is, that you can't really put a greater value on one. And reduce the other to a non-important state. Because they are best when they function together. So That is why I feel that even without the mental awaerness. The sugar jar is valuable. Fine china.  As for the brain existing without the body, that is why I brought up the artificially sustained brain. If the brain is artificially sustained, then you don't need a body. You don't even need all the parts of the brain to be functioning - just those that deal with mental processes. The bottom line is that I view us as existing if we only have mental existence and nothing else. If one speaks of religion, then this is the equivalent of saying that we could exist after life if our souls continue on. Though one concept is philosophical and sci-fi scientific (the artificially sustained brain) and one is religious (the soul), they both address the same issue - namely, our core is our mental self. The rest of the body is optional (obviously extremely useful, but optional).  Oh really?! Now that is a weird way of looking at it. How much use is a brain doing a person, outside of the body?! A brain is an organ that sends messages to other parts of the body triggering emotions, and memories. So if the brain is in a jar, who is it sending messages to?! Without a body to send impulses to, that will trigger those memories?! I don't like quoting sci-fi. Lets deal with the reality. A brain in a jar is of no use to anyone. For it can do nothing. Surely it cannot make the jar have memories. You have taken the brain out of context. Only inside of a body can the brain be truly useful. Thus my statement that you cannot state that a brain is of more use then a body. They are both essential. And without either one, a person cannot truly function. So whether a fetus has mental awareness or not. It is still a life, and should be valued as such.
I think many of us come into this forum thinking that there might be some common ground that can be reached and, I personally, still hope for that. However, I think that, in many cases, there ends up being an obstacle that cannot be crossed. Two obstacles that I have encountered here in the abortion forum in trying to find a compromise is: 1) Differences in approach to morality. This came up in discussion with Steeeeve where his morality is based on that dictated by his religion, where his faith has him assume that the moral code of his religion is the correct one, in an absolute sense. My moral code is based on essentially treating others as I would expect myself to be treated if I were in their shoes. These are two completely different approaches to morality where no large compromise seems to be possible. I would be interested in hearing about the basis of your moral code - is it based on religious rules or on some other structure? 2) Different Value Judgements This is the main difference between our views. You, and I think Jyoshu as well, value the potential of the fetus more than the rights of the woman over her own body, and those of us on the pro-choice side, including myself, have the opposite view. I think such value judgements might leave more room for compromise than do differences in moral approach.  Either way, even if a compromise is never reached, I still think that it is useful for our two sides to participate in reasoned debate - if only to realize that there ARE reasons behind our mutual views and that reasonable people can disagree.   The abortion debate is a topic that can very easily get emotional. I personally find it important to try to keep emotion out of the debate and keep it at a respectful level since, when both sides respond emotionally and/or disrespectfully, it is so very easy to let those emotions escalate and then all one has left is a pointless flame war. I think we all agree that calm and rational debate is a lot more useful than a flame war.  I'm sorry for my late reply. But I've been under the weather lately. Thank goodness I feel better now.  Yes, I do think that structured debate, that deals with facts, and is void of emotions, is the best way to debate. I have let other people's immature behavior, rub off on the way I conduct myself in a debate. I like to keep emotions out of a debate. But have recently been guilty of flaming, for which I'm truly ashamed. And apologise for messing up our positive debate with sheer and utter, senseless, chaos. So lets resume this debate in a mature manner.  To answer your question. Yes, I have one standard moral code that I go by, and it is relious based. And I would agree that even though we cannot find common ground. A reasoned debate on why we feel the way we do about our stance is in order. Because it is intreasting to find the different reasons why people feel the way they do on a specific topic. Hearing your reasons, has been very intreasting.   I am probably still not making myself clear about where I was headed with this point about mental existence being our core. Namely, yes the body is valuable in that we would be extremely limited and probably very miserable without one (assuming we would still mentally exist). My main point was that we, as people, would still exist if we were only mentally existing. I personally think that if we only had mental existence and no physical existence, then we should still be viewed as people with rights. On the opposite spectrum is the existence of our bodies without any mental existence. As a hypothetical arguement to take potential out of the picture, if our bodies were alive with none of our mental existence inside and if no such mental existence could ever be in that body again, then I think that living mindless body would have very little value in my book. The hypothetical extends to a fetus without mental existence. The only value it has in my book is its potential to grow into a being which does have mental existence. We already know each others stance on potential vs a woman's right to her body. Do you claim that there is some value to that fetus other than in its potential?  The fact that a fetus IS a life, is in my eyes valuable. The fact that it is a part of the mother aborting it, is something that is valuable to me. But what is the most important to me, is the general view of a life, and what it stands for.   The very fact that people can rationalize, that at a cerain stage it is okay to get rid of a life, because it has no mental exsistance as of yet. Makes me quiver. Because the value of life seems to have come to the point of deterioration. We are at a time where people value everything as expendable. That is the very thing I tend to fight aganist. And that is something in my eyes, that I find to be worth fighting, and worth stating my claim for. So yes, I do find more value in a fetus, then just potential. I think the whole outlook of a life it valueable, and it shows by how you treat life. If a person can without guilt, abort a life. Then there is a serious problem, with their preception of a life.  Here is where I'm confused. You stated that, a body is  vauleable, in that we would be extremely limited, and misrable without one. And then you stated(assuming we would mentally exsist).  Here is my problem with that statement. I never made a claim that the body is our core. And I did follow you when you spoke of mental exsistance as being our core. I do agree. What I don't agree on is how you would mentally exsist without a body. And how the body, is not looked at just as valueable as the brain. I will elaborate on this further below.  Now your statement, made it sound as if you were doubting that the brain could exsist without a body. But judging from your earlier points, I know better then to assume that.    The brain controls both the functioning of our bodies (the external messages that you were mentioning) AND our mental processes (which do not need any external messages). If all we had left were those mental processes, then we would still exist (we could dream, remember, have emotions, think, etc.) but, yes, our existence would be largely useless. However, I fail to see how usefulness plays any role in the abortion debate.  Now I'll elaborate. Usefullness plays a major role in the abortion thread. Actually, it is the core of my argument. How?! Because, you are saying that the body without mental awareness is useless. So therefore that justifies, aborting a fetus at a certain stage. My point is to pin-point why at the frist trimester the fetus is STILL valueable. And why the beginning of a formation of a body is still important. I find that in order to have a core, you have to have a outerlayer. And that outerlayer protecte the core. In order to have a healthy brain, and healthy emotions, and feelings. One must have a healthy outerlayer. If a person(which I have said before.} Only has a brain that pocesses happy memories, and emotions. How much different is that, from stepping into a simulated machine?! It can take you on a joyuos ride, and even make you feel great. But is that reality?! No it is not. If a person used to have those memories from when they where able to move around. That is good to a certain extent. But that is not the current reality. Which only serves as a temporary fix. The fact that the body is limited, will eventually kick in. And the happy memories, and emotions, will no longer surffice. So, the brain, cannot function alone, without coming short. The brain, is only a simulation, of emotions, and feelings. What good is it, if a person cannot act upon these?! Thus making a body, just as valueable. Meaning that, if you don't want to abort a fetus while in the third trimester, when the brain is forming. Then you should not want to abort it while the body is forming. Putting the same value on the body itself. Because it works hand in hand with the very core of what makes us, who we are.   The whole reason I brought up the issue of brain without a body is to illustrate how our mental selves form the CORE of who we are. The "core" of something is a thing which is necessary for that something to exist. In this way the core of us as people is our mental existence since our mental existence is necessary for us to exist as people. I used to hypothetical artificially sustained brain example to show that, without a body, we would still exist. Even if we were never to gain a new body, we would still exist as long as we have a mental existence. The opposite is not true. Namely, if the only thing that would exist is our bodies (no minds, and no potential for mind), then we cannot be said to exist as people. THAT is why I keep stressing that we are, at our very core, our mental selves.   And I understand where you are coming from. I just don't agree. The example you used about us exsisting, even without a body. And only on our mental exsistance. If we never had a body, and our brain was in a glass jar. From what memories would the brain gleem, these happy memories from?! They would be simulated memories. As if to say you were to constantly, viewing a movie. And from where would you feel, and see these emotions, without a body?! I brain, is an organ that is nothing alone. The actions that we make, according to what our bodies do. Is what makes us have these fond memories. Ex.....  A boy running in the feilds with his father. Spending hours playing, and rolling in the grass, with his father makes him happy. After losing his father. He tends to think about those times. And thinks about how it felt to have his father embrace him.  Two things, play a major roll in this boys memories.  1. Brain  2. Body.  If, the boy had not used his legs, to run, and his father use his arms, to hold his son. How could they have generated the memories that the boy now holds of his father?! Those memories could not have begun, if they were only mentally aware. How would the father have embraced his son?! How would they have ran together?!  The body and the mind are both the core, of a human. The brain is the core. But so is the outerlayer, the body. It is what makes us, human. The ablity to move, and generate memories. Is what makes us human. Not the fact that we can think about memories. If we cannot move to make fond memories. Then what memories are we possing?! A simulation?! That is not reality.    Potentiallity of that body to have a mental self is a second issue and that is where we draw our different value judgements. Again, though, I have to ask: is there anything in the fetus that you value outside of its *potential* to become a being with a mental existence?  The potential of the body, takes on the same importance as a mental self. My points above should deminstrate why I feel that a body forming, is just as important as a brain forming. I hope I'm understood in my stance.
Sounds good. I've also let myself flame in previous discussions with posters, much more so in the past - but flaming tends to destroy any positive content to discussions, which is why I try to avoid it nowadays.  I agree. But sometimes people can push those buttons. A method I'm going to use is this one, "If I think that a person is not going to be a person worth debating. Because they like unstructured arguments, I will tend to ignore them." I've ignored one person continuosuly already.(no its not jitobear) lol.   I have also been interested in hearing your point of view. Discussions with well known and established posters can certainly be interesting and useful, but it is good to hear new opinions from new posters as they come in - especially if, as you, they are willing to go beyond the initial statements and present supporting arguements for their case.  Well thank you. I hate to be one of those newbies that either start, or enter into a debate, say a few things, and then leave. It is important for other posters to understand where you are coming from when you post. If you don't take time to help people understand where you're coming from. Whats the point in coming on and debating right? I've seen new comers do this, and I think its a shame. Who cares if no one agrees with your stand. At the end of a debate, the fact that you can understand someone elses view a little better is worth it. And then you can both just agree to disagree if no common ground is found.   The idea of cherishing all life is an idea that sounds nice but what does it really mean? Specifically, there are many types of life. Which specific ones do you cherish and which don't you cherish? I know that this gets bogged down in details but those details are important. If you take away the idea of potential of mental existence from a fetus then all you have left is a living, partly formed human body that does not have a mental existence and never will. There is "nobody home" in that body. It would be quite similar to the artificially sustained body of someone who sustained such severe brain damage that they are no longer mentally existing. I just don't see the value of a body with neither a mind (i.e. nobody is home) nor the potential for a mind. Some people have compared the early fetus to an organ. I have stayed away from such comparisons because an early fetus has potential and an organ does not. However, if you take away the arguement of potential, then that comparison is valid. Why would the life of a hypothetical fetus that can never gain mental existence be more valuable than the life of an organ?  Well let me start off by saying that I cherish every kind of life. From human life, with or without mental exsistance, to plant life, to animal life. The very dynamics of life is what I cherish. No matter what form it comes in. The fact that it is not a inanimate(I probably spelt that wrong) object, means that it has value in my eyes.  But why are you taking the mental exsistance away?! When women abort before the third trimester. They do not know whether their fetus will be disadvantaged when it comes to mental exsistance. So we can conclude that the fetus, would have a healthy mental exsistance. Unless mental illness ran through the family. That is the only indication that the fetus may have problems mentaly. But if that is not the case, then we can conclude the fetus that is aborted, will be one of healthy mental exsistance. If given the chance.  I agree with you on not really wanting to get into the organ issue. Because an organ is merely apart of a human being. It has not potential of becoming a human. Which places its value, beneath that of a fetus.  If that is how it sounded, then I mis-spoke. Though the technology to do this does not exist yet, it is scientifically possible (to my knowledge) that the brain could exist without the rest of the body if it were artificially sustained. In a purely philosophical sense, one could speak of a mind independent of any body (which is ultimately what I claim our core is - i.e. our mental selves) but science tells us that we need the brain to have this mental self - or at least those portions of the brain controling those mental processes.   But what use, would a brain be outside of the body?! It would no longer be the core of anything outside of the body.   I never said that the body is not valuable - just that it is not valuable without a mind, except for its potential to have a mind. The body is certainly valuable to the mind that possesses it since, as you say, it supplies the senses which offer it memories and experiences, it supplies motion, etc. My lack of value placed in the mindless, potential-less body is not an arguement about it not being useful. Heck, on a quasi-humorous note, if one hypothetically added computer control to that living body, then one could have a very useful living machine. Attempts at humor aside, the reason I don't value a mere body that does not have a mind or potential for one is that the base of my moral stance lies in empathy and empathy can only exist for mentally existing beings. I can place value in things that do not have a mental existence (ex. in the beauty of a particular mountain or national park, etc.), but I value that life of mentally existing humans above that because I can empathize with mentally existing humans - the value judgement places them higher.  Just to give more light on your statement about computer control. We know that with a computer, it posses no sort of emotion, or feeling. It only posses information. So one would only have a walking computer, if motion was put on a computer. The body holds much more value, then a walking computer.   If your moral stance lies on empathy. Which mines tends to lean that way as well. Then why not take empathy for something that is in a small form, a life?! And will be a life. In my opinion, empathy is something that can be extended to all life forms. Ones at the beginning, middle, and end of life.  I understand your value of the body, but the values of the body that you mentioned (the senses it can offer to give experiences and memories of, for ex. the love of a father holding his son) were values that the body has to the mind that possesses it. If a body does not contain a mind that can benefit from it, then why would it be valuable (outside of the arguement of potential). I guess that I still don't understand what you would value in a fetus that would never gain a mental existence (this being a hypothetical case presented to eliminate the arguement of potential, since we've already discussed potential).  That just shows that the mind and body go hand in hand. And that they are equaly valuable. Becaus like you said, the mind benefits from the memories the body generates. Without that brain, the body has no mental awareness. Without the body, the brain has no memories, and no emotions. It is only reduced to an organ. The brain cannot be independent of the body.
Life spans a very wide range from bacteria to mentally existing humans and our values of that life span a wide range as well. I clearly assume that you, as I, value mentally existing humans much more highly than we do bacteria - which, after all, are also life. So, what criteria do we use to choose how we value life along this wide range? Two important criteria that I use are mental existence (since I can empathize with it) and humanity (partly a bias toward my own species, partly since only humans can reciprocate morality). What criteria do you use to differentiate the value between different forms of life? For example, why specifically would you value a fetus over bacteria?  Come on now. Lets not take my statement out of context here. I would for the obvious reasons view a fetus as more valuable then a bacteria, because a fetus if allowed to grow, will develop into a human. But a bacteria will not. Not to mention that bacteria is microsopic. You purposely exaggerated my statement. When I said I value all life I meant, Human life, from a fetus to an adult. Animal life, and plant life. I didn't think I would have to break down what I meant by my statement. Since it is not advantageous to concider bacteria along the same lines as you would a human, animal,and even a plant.  I presented a hypothetical case of a fetus that can never gain mental existence in order to subtract away the arguement of potential. I think it is already clear that you value the potential of the fetus to become a full human more than a woman's right to her own body and, for me, it is the other way around. In your metaphor of the sugar jar, you seemed to imply that the fetus has some value outside of its potential and that is what I was questioning with my hypothetical example. Specifically, if you take away potential from a fetus, then what do you have left? What you have left is a fetus that will never develop a mental existence. That is the hypothetical example I presented to ask you what you would value in a fetus besides its potential. So far, you have not stated any value in the fetus besides (1) its potential and (2) that you value all life (which I addressed in the previous paragraph).  As far as I'm concerned, those are the only two reason for why a fetus is valuble. And have done well explaining my stand. If you do not agree, then fine. But those two reasons are good enough for me.   Outside of the rest of the body, a mind (as determined by a functioning brain) could still have emotions, think, dream, etc. It is interesting to think about what such a mind would think or imagine if it never had a body to supply sensations, since there would be no sense inputs around which to structure that mind's image of reality. However, there would still be some level of thought, emotion, etc. I wouldn't envy such a mind, but that unlucky mind would still constitute a person in my view.  I'm wondering how you would think a brain would be able to posses emotions without sense inputs. You yourself said you would no envy such a brain. Which shows the brains function would not be as functional, or human as it should be. As a matter of fact, if it does not have any sense inputs, anything it would hold, would be only a simulation. A manmade program it would go by. And that does not constitute a person. In that case robots must be human then. They are also simulated objects, that hold no feelings, only what is programed in them. I see alot of science talk here, but not alot of humanity. If a doctor asked if he could take out your brain and put it in a jar tomorrow. Would you let him?! In your mind you'd still be human. So why not let your brain be put in a glass jar tomorrow?    If someone were born deaf, blind, completely paralyzed and lacking a sense of touch, then his experience would not be very much different than that isolated functioning brain. I would still consider them a person despite their extreme limitations. Wouldn't you?  I would still consider them a person. I just don't consider a brain in a jar a person.  There are life forms with mental existence (ex. most animals, human fetuses from the third trimester on, etc.) and life forms without mental existence (ex. plants, bacteria, etc.). To have empathy with anything, that thing needs to have some rudimentary mental existence - just by the very definition of empathy. Otherwise, you might have the feeling of empathy toward something without mental existence but then you are just projecting a personality where there is on (i.e. anthropomorphizing). For example, I can feel sorry for a tree that is being cut down and can have a false feeling of empathy for it. That feeling is false since the tree is not feeling pain or loss - no thoughts, no emotion, no suffering (in the emotional/sensation sense that we usually speak of it). Similarly, one cannot have a true feeling of empathy for a fetus prior to its gaining mental existence. I have seen some pro-life supporters post fictional letters from a suffering early fetus but those are purely figments of their imagination - as is any personality that they attach to that fetus. Imagination is not reality - not that you are claiming such, but many pro-life supporters appeal to the helpless suffering of an early fetus as if it already mentally existed enough so that it could suffer - that is not reality.  You're right about me not claiming that the fetus is in pain. Because I never did. I'm stating the value in the fetus. So lets stick with the claim I have personaly made. And not drown it out with the claim others have made. Whether the fetus feels pain was never the core of this debate. Its value was. Let me tie up my closing statement with an example.  A funeral occurs, because our loved one has passed on. They are not longer aware. Their body no longer has any mental awareness. But still, people who love their family member do not just throw the body in a back yard, or just leave it laying wherever and just forget about it.(at least I hope not) People usually throw a funeral and bury or cremate their loved ones. And they pay their respects before they bury them. Why is that since the body has no mental exsistance?! Since it is void of a mental aware mind, should people just regard ther loved one as no longer valuable and just ignore the death of their family member?! If someone you love died, would you just say they are worthless now, an not pay your respects at their funeral?! If the answer is no, then why would you pay your respects to a dead loved one?! Why honor them with a proper funeral?! They have no mental exsistance?  And like you said, a mentaly unaware baby is like a dead person. Not aware. So why honor a dead loved one, and not a fetus?! So a fetus is lower then a dead person?! I'm intrested in hearin your response.
u shuldnt kill babies. god hates it when u do.  I agree!:)
There are many people who after their abortion have private remembrances, some even each year following the procedure.  I'm sorry. But you really missed my point here. I was not pin-pointing whether a remembrance was put on for aborted fetuses. I was questioning how Another Opinion said that a fetus without mental exsistance is worthless. So aborting it is not a big deal. I was arguing the value of a fetus, even before it gains mental exsistance. By my example of a funeral, I was bringing up the fact that people still honor and value their dead loved ones after they have passed. And they have no mental exsistance. So why value a human after they have passed, who has no mental exsistance. And not a fetus at the beginning of a lifecourse, because it has no mental exsistance? I see a doublestandard here. And this is what I'm addressing.  BTW, Why abort a fetus, and then give it a rememberance?! If the fetus was thought of as just a clump of tissues without mental awareness. Why give a rememberance for it. If a person can honor it every year after they aborted it, then they should honor it by letting it be born. If the fetus had a choice I think it would rather be alive then remembered.
I kind of realised after I replied that I'd read what you said differently than you'd meant it. I don't think anyone would say abortion is not a big deal though -- it was a huge deal to me and I was very early on. It's a very emotional and upsetting experience for many women who go through it.   I know it must be. But I remember hearing others say it diffrently. Sorry if I misunderstood.   The reason people have funerals is to remember the person, it's nothing to do with their mental existance. They have memories of being with that person, sharing happy experiences with that person, etc. A woman pregnant with a foetus has yet to have these memories. I don't believe a foetus has no value though, privately a woman would normally see value in the foetus, which is why abortion is so difficult emotionally for women to go through.  I know it has nothing to do with mental awareness. I was just wondering why people consider a dead person as still valuable, and not a fetus. No matter what memories one possess of the dea loved one, the exsistance is the same as a fetus. Not mentaly aware.     I've been on PASS support boards, and noticed many girls even named their foetus. Which I felt was taking it too far, but to each their own. Some girls have no choice but to have an abortion for the health of their family, or their own health and wellbeing. It's not a case of 'if the woman cared about the foetus enough to have a remembrance she wouldn't abort', because you don't know the individual circumstances -- I aborted for the wellbeing of my family and in particular my daughter, and I don't regret it because it was the best decision to make in my circumstances, but I will always remember what I did because it meant something to me, though probably not to the stage of having a remembrance.  I may not know the individuals circumstance, but I'm just stating it the wat I see it. And I've been in the situation where my mother did not have everything. Begging for food, but I have also seen her work her way up for her family. And now we are living a good life. We have lived the bottom of the barrel life, but we are happy because we moved up. If I could choose to be aborted, so as not to face those couple of years of hardship, I would still choose life. I keep hearing about womens circumstances, and I've lived those circumstances.(without food, and a place to stay) and I know that having your children, and working hard to provide for them can be done. Not everyones is the same, but to say it can't be done is false.
You mentioned a blanket statement of valuing all life. I know fully well that you do not value all life equally so I was just trying to get you to state some criteria to determine your value scale. Even in you last paragraph , you mention that you value human life from fetus to adult, animal life and plant life. I assume that you do not value a plant as much as you value a human. So, please state the criteria you use to determine what you value and what you don't. I cannot read your mind to determine that criteria so please outline it.  I have already told you what life forms I value. So lets not get funky. I said, "human life, from fetus to adult." "Animal life," and "plant life". You brought up bacteria, when I never said that. But come to think about it, there are some bacteria that SHOULD be valued, because some bacteria are good for you. So guess what?! I value bactria as well. And I never said anything about valuing plant life over that of a human. It should be obvious which order they should go into. As a matter of fact I lined them up in proper order, putting human life first, and animal life secon, with plant life trailing in at third. Got it?! I sure hope so.   Stating that one values all life is a nice sounding phrase but I suspect that, as with many pro-life advocates, you throw out such phrases without having thought about the details behind them. So, either admit that you have not put much thought into the substance of that phrase or outline your detailed value system behind it.  Now I find that to be a BIG insult! How dare you say that I used a blanket statement. Without putting much thought into it? I have been debating with you for some time on this topic, and none of my arguments have been without full detail, and have never been just a pretty phrase. You on the other hand resulted to talking about sci-fi, and other off-topic things that really had nothing to do with reality. I will not admit that I used a phrase without putting any thought into it. Because I never use any thought, example, or phrase without being able to debate it in full detail. So either you just want to be insulting, or you have been blind to seeing anyone elses reason but your own. So why don't you admit that?! BTW I have already OUTLINED my reasons behind it. Just open your eyes. You will see where I put it up there.  I understand your valuing the potential of the fetus. I also do but to a lesser extent than you do. As for valuing all life, you have yet to explain that in more detail, as I wrote in my previous paragraph.  You are being redundant!! That is wasting a reply. If you have to say that you wrote something in your previous paragraph, then that should show you that you're not debating, you're being redundant. Something I hate.   First, even without any sense input (real or artificial), the mind in a jar would still have its mental functions - functions that are a natural not artificial. I am not suggesting that it be supplied artificial sense inputs. However, even if it were supplied with artificial sense inputs, then the mind itself would not be a simulation. New technologies are coming out now (I have seen them discussed in technical conferences) and are starting to become more and more used which use microelectronic means to supply hearing to the deaf or sight to the blind. For those real currently existing people who use those technologies, do you think that they are just a simulation just because their sensory inputs are being supplied artificially?! I just don't see the logic in that reasoning.  We are not talking about people who are being helped with artifical inputs, for hearing or seeeing. Which I myself am aware of. I to have seen these techniques put into play. And they are very limited. They place the inputs in the part of the brain that supplies sight, and they send electronic inpulses to that part of the brain, that generates shapes, and forms for a person who cannot see. First of all, that is beyond limited. Because the person still hardly sees anything, only vauge images.  The person is still in darkness so-to-speak.  This is different from your example of a brain in a jar. It has not memories, and no emotions. It is simulated. Even you yourself said you would not envy such a brain. Sounds like you are contridicting yourself here. And the logic behind my reasoning is clear......  My reasoning helps me to see that a brain is put into a body for a reason. To be the main centeral network for the body. It works along with the nervous system. The brain works by way of inpulse to send messages. Without its network, it is nothing but an organ. The so-called memories it may posses while in the body, will no longer exsist. Because of the loss of blood supply to the brain. Which means it will become brain dead. Any information that it may have possessed will be gone! They can put it in the jar, and even put solution in there as well, and the brain will still be a useless organ. Why?! Because it is not in the proper place for it to even begin to function. If there have been studies where a brain functioned in a jar, showed emotions, and memories. Then show me your sources. In this case one would need sources to make this claim believeable.  Of course a person who had a artificial input in their brain, is not looked at as less of a human. Why?! What is my logic behind this?! Because they still have a brain in its proper postion, that is working on their behalf, as well as a body, not a glass jar. All the things that are needed to be a human. Not a non-functional organ in a glass jar.   And of course I consider people who have lost limbs to be human. Why not?! They are human. They only just lost a limb. Or cannot see, or hear. But they are still a functioning human being. Just with limits. A brain in the jar, does not function, if you say it does, give me the proof. Now you are using a statement that you possibly had not thought through. If not, then it should be no problem for you to show me proof of this claim.  Also, of course I wouldn't agree to a doctor putting my brain in a jar tomorrow (assuming that it would still function). I have stated numerous times that the body is very useful to the mind that possesses it. My point, which you are ignoring again, is that we still exist if our minds still exist. I wouldn't let a doctor amputate my leg un-necessarily since I could certainly use that leg. However, even if my leg was amputated, I would still exist. Similarly, I would fight tooth and nail against my brain being "put in a jar" since my body is obviously extremely useful to me, but I would still exist if that happened.   But, all you need is your brain to be human. So why fight tooth and nail for a body that you can do without?  Also, why do you keeep putting(if it would still be functional) in brackets. It seems as if you are second guessing or are not sure yourself if a brain would be functional once removed and put into a glass jar. But this is the claim you have been using all along. And if you ask me, your claim has been used by many pro-choice people. And I think this is a blanket phrase, one that you are not sure of yourself. Since you keep on alluding to whether it would still be functional or not.  You may have stated once or twice that the body is useful to the brain that possess it. But you also turned around and stated that the body is not as valuable as the brain. But by the statement you made about fighting tooth and nail about putting your brain in a glass jar, you in my eyes re-tracked that statement, whether you realize it or not. Just by stating that you would fight to keep your brain in its body.   Meaning that the body is just as valuable as the brain. Meaning that it does not matter whether a fetus has no mental exsistance, it still is valuable, because the body is forming.   But that person - deaf, blind, paralyzed, without a sense of touch - would be equally functional as a "brain in a jar". Why would you consider one a person and one not?  LOL! I'm intrested in hearing why you would think that a person who is deaf,blind, paralyzed, or without a sense of touch would be compared to a brain in a jar. I want your reason behind this before I answer this question.   We humans have the capability of loving other humans, and when those humans die, we feel a strong sense of loss. The funeral is meant to ease the emotional loss for those people who are left. It gives them a sense of closure. It does nothing for the person who has died (unless one assumes an afterlife).   Also, most of us who are living would like to be remembered well after we die so that we can feel like we accomplished something in life - it is tied in with the goals we set for ourselves in life and our self worth. This touches upon the other reason that we give nice funerals. Namely, it is a show of respect for the memory of the dead. Some believe that the soul of the departed loved one looks on at a funeral. Others don't have that belief. However, most people would like to have some dignified ceremony done after they die - to show the world that they had good aspects to be remembered for. Part of respecting a loved one during their lives is for them to be able to trust you that you will remember them after death - a funeral being the first and most critical step of that process.   The fetus that is aborted never had a mental existence that wanted to be remembered or honored so there is no reason to honor their bodies for their sake. As for honoring their bodies for the sake of the ones who are left, that depends on what emotional attachment the others have toward that body. If a woman has an abortion because she knows that it is by far the best decision in her circumstances, then she might or might not feel a sense of loss. If she felt a sense of loss, then she might want to also perform some ceremony to lighten that loss. However, that would be only for her sake (or the sake of other people involved). As I mentioned before, any such ceremony or honoring of the fetal body would have nothing to do with the desires of the fetus itself since, prior to mental existence, the fetus never would have had any desires to begin with.  Nice speech. But I know all of that already. The memories, and the times one spent. The name the dead loved one made for themsleves. But the end result is the same, whether the fetus has a desire or not. The situation is the same. You are giving a person honor without mental exsistance, at the end of their life. That standard should be the same at the beginning of  their life. Memories or not. Mental exsistance or not. Its a shame that a person gets more love when they die, then when they are just beginning.   I have stated numerous times that I do value the potential of that fetus - just not as much as you do. The thing I would place little value on is a hypothetical fetus that would be incapable of gaining mental existence - namely, a fetus without potential - which is not a real situation, just a hypothetical one presented for the sake of arguement. The potential is the only thing which I do value in the early fetus.  Thats the thing, I'm not talking hyothetical. I'm talking reality. Since abortions are not hypothetical, this debate should not be either. You state one thing, and state all of these hypothtical examples, and never bring it down to where its place is in reality.  And since you say the potential is the only thing in which you value in a fetus. Then you should understand my stand, and other pro-lifers stand when we stay potential is important. You spending all of this time trying to discredit the potential argument, and then saying you value potential, leaves people to wonder what your stance really is. Although you say you don't value it as much as we do. You should still be able to gather where pro-lifers are coming from when we say potential is important to us.
I don't argue with the fact it CAN be done, but some aren't willing to live that life, and in turn have their children live that life. I don't believe that makes them selfish -- my choice was about what life I wanted for my little one, between just now, in an owned property with lots of other kids around who go out and play and will be good friends when she's older, or a dingy council house on an estate where the kids go out until midnight with their parents not knowing/caring, pan in windows of any house they feel like and smoke joints from an early age in full view of the neighbourhood. That isn't the life I was willing for my daughter to grow up in.  I can understand your situation. But I disagree with abortion. As a mother these circumstances can be daunting. But the fact that it can be done, just won't allow me to agree with an abortion. I'm not discrediting you in anyway though. I'm sure you are a great mother.
Another Opinion- Look! This debate is getting rather drawn out and fustrating, because you refuse to look at any other points but your own. I'll answer the questions you asked, and then I'm dropping this debate. Because I believe we have said all we need to say.  You asked me why I would value a human over a plant. Why ask the question if you so-called know I never said I valued a plant over a human. But I will humor you and answer.  Because as a human, we are the most intelligent speices, over animals, and plants. Human are over animals, because animals go by instincts. But humans are a more intelligent design so we use reason, and discrenment, to govern how we act in everyday life. A plant has no sense of reason, emotions, it only grows and feeds itself on sunlight and water. Thus making human more intelligent then a plant, and animals. I would think you would know these facts.  I brought up the brain in a glass jar, because you seemed to be convinced that a brain can function on its own. I said, it could not function in a glass jar. And you proceeded to say that it could. So I went on to dispell those false statements. For which you only tend to repeat yourself and never come to any realistic terms as to proving this statement true. Also, you never responded when I spoke of a brain being brain dead once removed from the body. Therefore if talking about a brain in a jar, we could not be talking about a functioning brain. On the contrary, it would be reduced to a non-functional organ. Which you tend to disagree with.  The fact that people feel an obligation to the dead loved one, is the point I'm trying to make. If they can feel and obligation to someone dead. Then the same would be for those fetuses that are being aborted. Also, answer me this. Why is it that family members who have not made a name for themselves, and who have not made much of their lives, are still mourned by family members after they have passed?! And this has been the situation with some in real life. So all so-called reputation aside, the family feels obligated to care for their loved ones even after death. The same should be applied to a fetus.  I want to pin-point these things only, because everything else seems redundant. And I'm growing wary of it. If you feel that you cannot continue to debate this, without saying what has already been said. Then just let me know. Because that seems to be the trend going on here.
Okay, lets continue. I want to clarify the things you have highlighted.  1. No, I do not think that a body can survive without a brain. But I also do not think that a brain can survive without a body. I think that they should be looked at as equaly valuable. Because they are both essential to making a fully funtional human being.  2. The life forms that I stated as valuable, were not contridictory. I did mention Humans, and animals. But plants have no mental exsistance, and I value them as well. Trees have no mental exsistance, but I value their worth. For their beauty, and their oxygen, and their shade. The reason I put more value in humans, and animals, is not just the fact that they have a functioning brain. But the fact that they have functioning bodies, that move and generate sensation and emotions,(to a limited extent with animals.) While plants do not have these functions. So I'm still valuing the mind, as well as the body, when I choose to value one over the other.   I feel that mental exsistance is very important. But that is not the only thing that should determine a person, or a things worth. I feel that when a fetus is at its early stages, that is a vital time. Because a body, which represnts a human is being formed. Which is just as valuable as brain is, in my view. And that is all that I'm trying to say.
Other reasons for pro life  You do not know who you are aborting, they could be a future presidant or a nobel peace prize winner.  In many states, if a mother can't or won't raise her child, she can drop them of at her local fier station (and hospital) with no questions asked.   You would be destroying whole generations to come. (that baby leads to more babys....)  Babys are the outcome of sex, If you don't want a baby, don't have sex!!!!!!   If the case is rape, well, give the baby to adoption and insted of founding abortion, help fight rapeists with organisations like "just yell fire".   Abortion leads to cancer
The basis of the pro-choice argument appears to be that more developed human beings have superior rights. Life begins at conception, and I really don't understand how any being with intelligence can think differently. I'm not the one making hypothetical "talking flower pot" scenarios to illustrate my point, because my point of view makes the most logical sense without having to rationalize anything.
I've been thinking of the reasons people go pro-choice or pro-life, and to me it seems that the pro-choice stance has overwhelming proof on their side.    Did your thought process ever include the question: What choice does the "victim" have? Does the instinct to survive exist in the helpless? The being that is totally dependent on the being that brought about it's existence becoming a victim of that being entrusted with it's safe keeping?   The act of giving thought as to how to excuse the act of betraying the most basic trust a being can bring upon themselves through lack of forethought and disregard for sacred life should be quite embarrassing.
Exactly. I think I heard that men make up over 70% of anti-choicers. Just look at how many that is, and yet, not a single one of them will ever become pregnant. You are definately right that if men could become pregnant, there would be virtually no anti-choice movement in existence (maybe a few small pockets here and there, but no organized movement), and no large argument over abortion. Instead, we get stuck with a bunch of people who for the most part never have to worry about becoming pregnant, trying to make choices and decisions for women who should be able to make those decisions for themselves.  You'd definitely have at least one "anti-choicer" in the world if all men got pregnent too: my wife. She's had pregnancies and she's a lot more pro-life than most men you'll ever meet, including me.  I also kindly ask that you please stick to the standard terms for people with this issue: 'pro-life' and 'pro-choice'. Rather than things like "anti-choice" or "anti-life." Theres really no need for it--it only serves to aggravate people when you do that. (If I call you "anti-life" instead of "pro-choice", you probably wouldn't like that, I suspect!) And surely you aren't just out to aggravate people.
As to the second part of your post, I'll kindly say that I can use whatever term I please. If you don't like it, don't read it. I certainly would not care if you called me anti-life, because I'd know it was false as I am supporting abortions of foetuses, not living human beings (except of course my support of partial birth abortions in cases where a women might die or be severely harmed if it goes through). On the other hand, I can accurately say anti-choice, as you and your ilk want to take away the choice of an abortion from a woman. See the difference?  Nope, sorry, you are indeed anti-life, because you are for killing the unborn, which is human life. You see? It is just as accurate to call you anti-life as it is for you to call pro-lifers anti-choice.  The best way to approach it, IMO, is to use terms that don't intentionally make the other side out to look bad--it is also accurate to say that prolifers are pro-life, because they are against killing human life. Just as it is also accurate to call an anti-lifer "pro-choice"--they are indeed for freedom of choice to destroy human life. I believe constructive dialogue is best rather than intentionally using terms you know will put people off. Don't you agree?  And really, there's no need to so easily getr defensive every time someone disagrees with you on something here. There's nothing wrong with saying "ok, I'll consider that." No one said you had to stop calling people anti-choice. But know that if you use terms like that, you're more likely to have the same tactics used against you and someone may call you an 'anti-lifer'--they'd be completely justified in doing so. So I merely suggest not using a tactic at all and use constructive terminolgy that you know won't aggravate others. Can't you agree that's the better way?
Nope, sorry, I'm not for killing the unborn. I'm for allowing women to have the option of terminating the development of a foetus, which is not a living human (once again, I support actually aborting a developed baby if the woman's life or health is at risk) So, it is not accurate to call me prolife.  Then to some extent, you are for killing the unborn. You can't have one without the other. Better to swallow that and go on, rather than trying to convince yourself otherwise. If you really believe in your cause, they you shouldn't be taking a statement like "anti-lifer" in a negative way to begin with.  The way I see it, the medical requirement for death is when there is no brain activity. Therefore, the medical requirement for life would be when there IS brain activity (around the third trimester or so if I recall correctly).  Brain activity as defined how? Certainly there is brain activity much earlier than the the 3rd trimester in terms of involuntary control of things like heart rate and synapses firing. My preferred way to think of it is viability outside the womb. At what point are premature babies viable? To me that's when the line should be drawn; What you call a fetus is in fact a premature baby.  However, your movement IS trying to take away that choice from the woman to have an abortion, hence anti-choice being accurate.  Just as your movement is for destroying unborn life in some situations. Still fits--it's IS 'anti-life.'  Oh, and, even if your definition was correct (which I have proven it is not), it would still be inaccurate, as we are not making people have abortions, merely making sure they have a choice.  Well you're certainly making it to where a lot of unborn babies will have to die rather than even factoring their viability and potential life ahead into the equation..
I'm for allowing women to have the option of terminating the development of a foetus, which is not a living human (once again, I support actually aborting a developed baby if the woman's life or health is at risk) Emphasis mine  You realize the fetus (or foetus) is a living human, right? And by living human I mean the noun sense of the word since Shooter loves playing tense games.  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/human%20being  The fetus qualifies the criteria
No it does not. It is made up of living human cells, yes, but it of itself is not yet living or even having a chance of living outside the womb.  It is to a liveing human.  How can you say that you were once just a cluster of human cells..... How can you say that about anyone........ The choice is not "To or not to give birth, The question is to, or not to have sex Babys are the outcome of sex, if you do not want a baby, dont start the process to get one.....
Well I guess you are right in a way. I would not care if you called me "partially anti-life". That would not bother me as it would be easy for me to say exactly how I am that (if the woman's life or health is in jeopardy). I'd have no problem with that, so go ahead, I would accept that use. That means, however, by your argument you are accepting the use of the term anti-choice (to describe those who want to ban abortions)  And no, in the other cases it has nothing to do with unborn babies, it has to do with undeveloped foetuses that are not even alive or aware yet (mentally aware - as I know you will be nitpicky about awareness, and yes, it can be determined by brain activity).  And as to your brain activity part, well, viability outside the womb usually includes brain activity, so it seems like YOUR definition would be a later term than mine.  actualy they are not saying that they are anti-choice (in my opinion and understanding of these posts) Instead, I think that the "Choice" should be made by simply not haveing sex, or haveing sex (depending on if or if not you want a kid)
No it does not. It is made up of living human cells, yes, but it of itself is not yet living or even having a chance of living outside the womb. You are made up of living human cells....believe it or not.  The definition is as follows: a member of the species Homo sapiens.  The fetus is a member of the species Homo sapiens no matter how many times you cover your ears and close your eyes and stomp your feet and say "no its not"
Well, because it kind of is. Its really only a floating watersack living parasitically off of a woman's body. I see no reason why it should be equated to a human.  because it is a human.... What species do you think the fetus is?   Its a bit late for that now, and many people aren't properly educated.Like the ones that can't understand how a fetus is a human?
Yes, I am made of living human cells. So is my kidney, so is my gallbladder, so is my appendix, so are my tonsils, my colon, etc., etc. The difference is that I have this thing called "intelligence" and this other thing called "mental activity and awareness".  and? There are a large number of differences from a 1 day old baby and a 80yr old man.  A foetus (unless late term when it is a baby) is just like the kidney, gallbladder, appendix, in that it doesn't have the "intelligence" and "mental activity and awareness".and?   Otherwise, by your definition, it is a murder everytime a male masturbates as sperm are made of living human cells. Boy, my fiance sure was a murderer before he met me:) . And wow, we women are murdering every time we have our period. Guess we should be in a state of perpetual pregnancy to please youemoticon_xdonno emoticon_rolleyes:xbangheadIt isn't my definition..it is the definition. A sperm is not a member of the species homo sapien. This is basic biology.  Sorry but you don't get to define words how you see fit.
Yup. However, I am a clump of human cells with intelligence. And I am a clump of human cell with shoes on...what is your point?  How do you define "member"? Is my sperm a member? Technically,  no. You seem to refuse the idea that "human" as a noun is used to describe a human being meaning the entity as a whole and not the individual cells that make it up. I am sorry you don't understand this but the word means what it means.  I find it odd that you even care what you call a fetus anyway.  So is my sperm no matter how much you close your eyes and say "no its not", but masturbation isn't murder is it?Your sperm is a human now? You should invest in a biology book.
Steeeeve, dislexia, Shooterandproud, and ShadowPikachu: The four of you seem to be engaged in yet another unresolveable battle of semantics - in this case about the definition of the term "a human". The trouble is that there are really TWO definitions of the term "a human" - the official definition and the common-use definition. yeah, its annoying but I hate improper word use   However, nearly all uses of the term "a human" in common discussion are on topics other than abortion, where "a human" is discusses as a born human and, at the very least, the assumption is made that the being in question possesses a mental existence. At least I assume that when I hear the term "a human" and I know that this is a very common assumption - as demonstrated by the frequent disputes about the use of this term. Therefore, the term "a human" automatically generates a certain amount of sympathy because of these unofficial conotations of mental existence that are added to the definition. I don't know that this is true. When I hear human I think of a scientific term for a certain king of being (unless otherwise stated). I'd venture a guess that prior to the abortion debate "human" could be applied to an unborn and no one thought anything of it.   Steeeeve: I know you might feel justified in using the term "a human" and trying to force pro-choice people to admit to discriminating against humans since you stand firm on the official definition. However, you have to admit that it is somewhat disingenuous of you to ignore the fact that this term has many unofficial conotations attached to it that do not apply to a zygote or embryo - mental existence being one of them. Since words, after all, are used for COMMUNICATION, the use of the word "a human" in this way is a purposeful distortion of the message. Can't you try to find some term that you can all agree on?well, for communication to work you have to use the same meaning for words. I choose to use the dictionary as that is our English language and human is what it is and we shouldn't change the definition just to make us feel better about abortion...that's just stupid. I disagree that mental existence applies to the term human there is nothing to support that it did. I suppose it could mean "has mental existence" though just like the word "baby" can mean newborn or a fetus.  As for saying that you "discriminate" against humans...this is just a fact pro-choice folks are going to have to admit. I don't say this is a bad thing as I too support some form of "discrimination" based on certain criteria. What I don't discriminate on is develop and size and pro-choice has to. A point in development will always be arbitrary and has no better reasoning than any other point someone might say which I feel is a dangerous precedent.
I can assure you that there are very many people who do not view a zygote or early embryo as "a human" unless you educate them on the official definition. I was surprised when I first recently read that official definition of "a human" since I always had equated the term "a human" with "a person". I am obviously far from being alone in this view. Even if people were all informed of the official definition of "a human", it would be very difficult to just drop the connotations that go along with the term "a human" - we are not robots that can automatically change definitions. If your purpose is communication and not distortion then use a term that we can all agree on that carries no unofficial unrelated emotional baggage. Well what others carry as emotional baggage is of no concern to me. We have a dictionary and those that choose to use it will have the upper hand in a debate.   Oddly enough, the word "person" also doesn't have to presuppose a mental existence. Person is often used (and thus is the first definition) as an informal way to say human being.  When you say a sentence "I discriminate against certain humans" that means one thing to you and another thing to many other people - there is miscommunication going on and I think you know this. To me, hearing that someone "discriminates against certain humans" automatically conjures up images of race and sex discrimination since I automatically equate "a human" with "a person" and I don't like the thought of discriminating unjustly against people because I have empathy and sympathy with people and since I wouldn't want to be discriminated against either. However, I have little problem "discriminating" against human life forms with no mental existence (as are zygotes and embryos) just as you have no problem "discriminating" against human life in the form of unfertilized eggs.Yet an unfertilized egg is not a human life by anyones definition. Either way, I fully admit that I discriminate anyway...why people get offended by that is beyond me   I very much hesitate in saying that "I discriminate against certain humans" since some (who only think of the official definition) will read it one way but others read it as "I discriminate against certain people" and I don't want that message to be carried. Why not use a term that causes no confusion? ------- Just to add to the confusion about the noun "human", several sources quote two definitions for human: hu&#183;man  1. A member of the genus Homo and especially of the species H. sapiens.  2. A person: the extraordinary humans who explored Antarctica.   These include: http://www.answers.com/topic/human-1, http://www.bartleby.com/61/78/H0317800.html (from the American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language), etc. Most on-line dictionaries defined human (noun) as human being, which doesn't help. Anyway, even the dictionaries aren't sticking to one definition so how can you expect this word to carry a fixed meaning in these discussions.Well many words have many meanings but dictionaries are listed in most common usage downward meaning number 1 is the most common meaning of the word. There should also be no question to what I mean by the word "human" as we have discussed it in great length.   I guess I don't see the need for me to change my vocabulary to fit the needs of people who choose not to accept the definitions given by English dictionaries.
Not in the fact that they both have mental existance while a zygote and foetus do not. ok? and?  So, by the definition you seem to be going by, according to your responses, of a foetus being made of living human cells and thus it is a human, I'm pointing out that all of my organs are made of living human cells, so they should be considered human according to what you seem to be expressing.   well of the above are considered human..but I said a human or "human being". Once again paying attention to word tense means a lot. The noun human can refer to a fetus (much like baby can too) but not to an organ.  I know a sperm is not one, but again, going with what you are pushing, it would have to be included as one. (By the way, at what point of development do you consider it a human if you don't consider sperm a human by your standards? Just trying to find out how you stand.)No a sperm doesn't meet my definition. Furthermore, I don't use development a standard classifying what is or isn't human.    Oh, and I'm not going to bother to continue arguing semantics, as another_opinion said, it's a waste of time to argue over dictionary definitions as there are "official" (also changeable) definitions and every-day definitions. It is the everyday that really matters when addressing people. I think that in the years to come, that "official" definition that you seem to hold so dear (which is in fact quite vague) will become much better defined. Here's an essay I found relating to that definition: http://home.att.net/~star_child/essay7.html  I found it quite fascinating, and if things continue as they are with artificial intelligence, that definition might change sooner than you like. I'm not supplying it as any sort of "proof" or anything, but it really interested me.I don't hold on to the definition other than to use it in a proper fashion. Words are always changing meaning (take the word "gay" for example) and I will use the most current form of the word. It makes no difference to me whether you call a fetus a goat or a bus or a human but at the very least make sure the word you are using is the proper sense of the word.
That might be the most common usage, but that usage is rather vague and left up to interpretation, which is why most others don't view it the same as you. I really think that the dictionary should be more specific and less vague on their definitions.  How can you get anymore specific then "member of the species Homo Sapien"?
Look, even the dictionaries show that there are two possible definitions. I may know which definition you have in mind but readers of a thread with our discussion might not, so I will not say "I discriminate against certain humans" without it being clear what is meant. With multiple possible definitions, it is not clear what is meant. Shouldn't it be obvious that, in communication, it is not only important what a person meant to say but it is important how they said it so that it would be properly understood. Saying that a person discriminates against humans is insufficient and confusing if you are not clear which of the two definitions you are using.  By the way, the term "person" also has multiple meanings (again from the American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language via answers.com ): per·son (noun)   1. A living human. Often used in combination: chairperson; spokesperson; salesperson. 2. An individual of specified character: a person of importance. 3. The composite of characteristics that make up an individual personality; the self. ... and a few others that are less relevant...  Anyway, the second and third definitions clearly imply mental existence. The first definition is unclear but, given the examples that they give, they seem to imply a mental existence as well.  Bottom line, communication, to be effective, needs to be CLEAR and MUTUALLY understood (in this case by not only debaters but potential readers). Every word has multiply definitions including the word "definition" (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/definition). The ability to understand what a word means in context is something learned (hopefully). If I say "the definition of the word desk is..." I don't mean the sharpness of the word desk. Likewise when I say "the fetus is a human" you can gather that 1) I an using it as a noun and 2) the context of the word in order to choose the appropriate definition. It should be noted that human never has "mental existence" in the definition.  Person goes the same way. To say "you are a person" you take the noun and view the context. The context rules out definitions 2 and 3 and thus we are left with 1 (the main entry) as the definition for that word.  I know this conversation sounds petty but it is rather frustrating that people are manipulating words to support a cause and then claiming to not understand a basic language structure. If you want to say the fetus isn't worthy of life then so be it but don't start justifying this claim but changing the definitions of words such as "person" and "human"...that is just stupid
You are the one saying that only one definition is valid in a particular context - that is an unjustified claim. The statement "I discriminate against certain humans" could work just as well for either definition: "I discriminate against certain members of the species homo sapien" or "I discriminate against certain people". The context does not always specify which definition is used, as in the example I just gave.   Similarly, your statement "you are a person" can also work with multiple definitions of "person". It can mean "you are a living human" or "you are an individual of specified character" - ex. 'you are an stuborn individual :) ".  I'd have to say that if you got "I am a person" to mean "individual of specified character" then there is never hope for any communication. Like you said, you would say "you are a stubborn person"..not "you are a person" and then say "what! that clearly means you are a stubborn person". Seriously, context is not hard to figure out.  In the context of our discussions, you have been clear enough about which definition you are using that I know which definition YOU use. If the only two people who would ever see my statement "I discriminate against certain humans" were you and I, then I would not be concerned since we both know what is meant. However, in a forum such as this, other people (i.e. readers) also would see that statement and might misconstrue that to mean "I discriminate against certain people" since they would not know that it was the first definition of "member of species homo sapien" that was meant. THAT is what I am trying to avoid. I am trying to avoid having others jump to the wrong conclusion due to lack of clearly defined terms. You shouldn't worry about other people that read our back and forth conversation :p They will miss context no matter what as they don't read the entire conversation normally.  Either way, I suspect that your main goal in trying to convince pro-choice proponents of stating "I discriminate against certain humans" is that you equate discrimination based on mental existence with all other forms of discrimination (sex, race, etc.). So, let's address that question directly instead of dancing around the issue. Actually I just find it funny that people can't admit to discriminating...we all do it including me. The fact that some don't admit to it is amusing and brings up questions about whether they feel it is wrong or not deep inside.   I disagree that those types of discriminations are equivalent due to the main reason that I, personally, and I believe many if not most others are against discrimination based on sex and race. I am against discrimination based on sex and race because I myself would not like to be discriminated against for something that is not within my control and for something for which there is no reason to discriminate. I believe we can discriminate based on sex...probably very rarely race. Men and Women are different and that requires discrimination sometimes. Take the draft for example or just simply segregation of bathrooms. Race would be a hard one but if you support affirmative action you are for discrimination.  Such a type of discrimination against me would cause me suffering and, using my general moral approach of empathy and trying to treat others as I would have myself be treated, I generally denounce discrimination against certain people based on aspects of themselves that they cannot control and for which there is no justifiable reason to discriminate.This is off topic but if you had the same approach (treat others as you wish to be treated) then if you would not want to be aborted then wouldn't it be logical to treat others the same way?  Discrimination against human life forms with no mental existence is irrelevant to my moral stance of empathy and "do unto others" since there is no "somebody" there with which to empathize and no "other" who I would be treating as myself.Well, I still don't get the mental existence thing...it isn't unique to humans and it certainly leaves things open for picking a different point of development for obtaining rights.
This is my last post on this thread because I don't care to get into little debates over semantics, as it is a waste of my time and never would be resolved. I don't really care what you decide to call a human. I will call a human whatever I like whether you complain or not, and in fact I'm willing to bet most americans would say the same.emoticon_cry   Very easily. For instance, would you give somone who has died all of the same rights as a living mentally existant human being? Of course not! And yet, they are still members of the species Homo Sapien, so by not giving them the same rights, that would be discrimination by your standards. See how the definition here is too vague? (On second thought, you probably wouldn't admit it if you did because you seem rather obsessed with the "official definition" emoticon_rolleyes ). I get the idea that our English classes are failing on every level. For one, it is hard to be a member of something when you are dead. Secondly, the definition is what it is. Are you proposing that we just each find our own definition for every word and go with it? If the answer is yes then I must admit that I don't understand your post as I have not learned the ancient ShadowPikachu language.  If you look at the second and third listings in the definition another_opinion was talking about, you can see it clearly implies mental existence. Just because one definition is at the top doesn't mean it is more commonly used, it just means they had to write them out in a list. A foetus cannot be worthy of life as it does not mentally (and in many other ways) live.My cat mentally lives...she must be a human :)  Anyway, they don't imply mental existence. There is no way to assume mental existence is a requirement out of any of those. This one fails due to fallacy.  Discrimination against a life form that is made of human cells yet is without mental existence does not provide a sense of empathy, and that is why you try to get us to give the appearance of a mental existence, which I for one will never do.haha, I never claimed to give the appearance of mental existence. I clearly admit that it does not exist for the embryo and most of the life of the fetus. I just happen to think that mental existence doesn't matter.
My point is, an embryo has neither intelligence nor shoes. yeah, that's true. I like my new shoes by the way.  Then whats your usage? "Human" as an adjective mean any oraganic matter that contains human DNA. "Human" as a noun means any independent living being or entity, as in Human being.the noun. saying " I am a human" makes human the noun in that sentence. Saying "I have a human hair on me" makes human the adjective. I just point out that saying the embryo is not A HUMAN BEING is false and we shouldn't change the definition just to make people feel better about abortion.   Where did you get that piece of information? Who told you I cared?You are still debating it... If you didn't care then you would have simply said "ok call it a human....a fetus is a human that has no intelligence (or whatever) and thus does not have rights"   By your standards, yes. It is just as human as an embryo, and to call it otherwise would be discrimination.there you go with the adjective noun switch again.
And give me one good reason why an embryo is part of that species? Well for one...you admit to it: "I am not disputing the scientific status of the embryo"   And if I'm not mistaken, the defonition of "discriminate" is:  # To make distinctions on the basis of class or category without regard to individual merit; show preference or prejudice: was accused of discriminating against women; discriminated in favor of his cronies.    So, in essance, this would not apply to embryos since they have no individual merit, or class.Isn't that begging the question? An Individual is a human being. The fetus or embryo is a human being
Oh good Lord!!emoticon_xdonno :xbanghead :xbanghead I was going to stop posting at that last post, but when I saw something this retarted, I had to reply. Is your cat made up of living human cells with a human brain and a mental existene? Thought not. That's what we're talking about here, and you're just fighting against a strawman you built. There, I had my say, goodbye, have fun with the neverending semantics argument, I wash my hands of this thread *shakes dust from sandals* . So this time you are really serious about leaving emoticon_rolleyes   So now mental existence isn't good enough (as it is not unique which was my point) but human cells is important and something of a human brain. Well what importance are human cells and a human brain? It seems the idea of a human having importance is not just limited to me...you just happen to add another criteria at the end that you feel is important as well.
So now mental existence isn't good enough (as it is not unique which was my point) but human cells is important and something of a human brain. Well what importance are human cells and a human brain? It seems the idea of a human having importance is not just limited to me...you just happen to add another criteria at the end that you feel is important as well.  Is Shadow trying to 'move the goal posts' again?
Is Shadow trying to 'move the goal posts' again?  yeah, but at least another opinion is trying to hold him back :p
I would not have wanted to be aborted, but (in applying that general rule) that would mean that each pregnancy would have to be forced to term - that is a balance where I would favor freedom of body.   Forgive me for taking one part of your post only, but this struck me.  You're statement is that 'it would mean pregnancy would be forced to come to term.' Pregnancy is, by default, going to come to term. It's the natural progression of things. What is being forced is the termination of the pregnancy by the mother. That's a change from the natural progression of things to an un-natural event, caused by external intervention.   I think viewing this only from the standpoint of women being forced to do something is too limited a way of viewing the situation. It should never be taken into account without also taking into account that the fetus is being forced to die, and therefore prevented from growing up and living it's life. Abortion should never be viewed in terms apart from it's moral and philosophical implications, IMO.
The definition makes no distinction between those alive and those dead. Were a dictionary definition used, it would be difficult to deny the dead equal protection based on your reasoning. The dictionary definition also does not make a distinction based on the number of chromosomes. A sperm is human in the same way the fetus is human: they both contain human DNA.  However, this is all moot. The dictionary definition has no authority over how we use words. It simply records how words are generally used. In a philosophical debate such as this, shadings of meaning are used constantly that you will not find in any dictionary. It is up to the participants to agree to use a word in a certain way to avoid confusion between them. A philosophical argument is to argue concepts, not semantics.  you can't join in so late :p   This is simple biology...member of the species homo sapien doesn't mean a sperm cell, never has never will. It is moot but at the same time aggravating that people claim the fetus is a "human" and thus this justifies abortion. I believe to you this doesn't even matter.   Non-human animals are usually not considered to posess consciousness as we know it. However, we can make the distinction that your cat does not have a unique human consciousness.yet there is the word "human" agian...what makes human so important? (note: I agree that human is important).
Morality has to be self-consistent. I would not have wanted to be aborted, but (in applying that general rule) that would mean that each pregnancy would have to be forced to term - that is a balance where I would favor freedom of body. I would not have wanted to have my conception stopped with contraception, but that would mean that I would have a general law forcing no contraception - I choose freedom of using contraception. There are many things that came together to facilitate my coming into being, I am glad that they happened but I cannot EXPECT that they HAD TO happen.That's fine...I was referring more in a general sense and not just you. For example if one placed a higher value on all human life (ie including embryo and fetus) then the want of the person carrying to term to do something they don't want to do then wouldn't the logical outcome be to be against abortion?  Yes, it isn't unique to humans and I, personally, support some level of animal rights. I openly acknowledge that I discriminate in favor of humans over animals - I am biased toward my own species. I do not have full logical reasons why a severally mentally deteriorated human should be treated better than a highly mentally developed ape, but I haven't had to defend these choices yet, so I let the illogic stand for now.Yet you naturally think the mentally challenged person deserves the rights. That is the aspect of human nature that makes me believe mental existence is really a naturally valued item.
You cannot deny, however, that sperm is human for the same reason the fetus is human: both contain human DNA. The dictionary definition would then cover both. no one doubts the adjective sense of the word ;)  As opposed to non-human animals, such as your cat. Consciousness is generally considered unique to humans, but since you insist that your cat posesses this feature, human consciousness can still be distinguished. and what is special about the human aspect? That was my question.
Yes, if you place a higher value on all human life than on the wants of the person carrying to term, then you would be against abortion. But what is the logical reason for placing that higher value on ALL human life in the first place? That is where the unsupported proclamation happens. It is as unsupported as any proclamation you make regarding when value begins. That was my point last time we discussed this and it is still my point.   I think that any being with a mental existence deserves rights - animals as well. I suppose that part of the reason that I don't automatically give equal rights to animals is that they are not part of the moral consensus. Morality is often a type of deal one makes with others - I will treat you well and you treat me well. Our moral stances are most challenged when we are in an environment where there is no moral consensus. Ex. Do we treat others well who treat us very badly? There is no way to make a moral consensus with animals. Many animals have shown codes of behavior toward others of the same or other species in dominant or submissive behavior, etc. but these do not seem to be based on any rational analysis.there should have been a "not" in the thing you quoted from me :p
I see. And what makes something human in the noun sense of the word different from the adjective sense? Could it be that, ultimately, we're "characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools" like the dictionary tells us? Wouldn't that imply a mental existence to be a member? no. But the noun sense of the word says "member of species homo sapien" ...not having a brain capacity of 1400cc.  Special? In what way did I say it was "special"? Do you mean, what is different from a human consciousness than the animal consciousness? I have not asserted animal consciousness exists; you have.ok, well if it does exist then does this change the way we deal with animals? If not then what is so special about a human as opposed to other animals that makes our consciousness worthy of value.
By definition a member of the species homo sapien is characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools.  Wouldn't you agree, then, that the definition implies a mental existence to be a member of our species? An interesting definition I admit but every other definition there does not have the definition as so. Besides, a new-born is classified as in the species homo sapien and yet its brain is only 386cc or so. Any biology book also states that every living organism is classified in a species. Where would the fetus go if not human?  So no, I do not agree that mental existence is required.  We're determining when to place moral value on a human, not an animal. It is generally accepted that the nexus of self requires greater brain capacity than other animals are capable of.  Please make your point instead of asking questions. Your questions make no sense.they certainly make sense. I ask why does being human matter? You seem to think that you have to be 1) human and 2) conscious in order to have moral value. I am asking why the human criteria exists.
Well, what is the dictionary criteria for being a human? It appears to be that humans are characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools.  Therefore any who do not fall under this definition cannot be human. Would you agree? How else could the fetus be human if not by this dictionary definition? by the other 5 or so definitions. Either way, Sapien should be the word you look up as Homo Sapien is two words...but since we have 5 other definitions (this includes my at home websters) then I'll take the 5 over the 1. So I guess I disagree.  So, you're pulling definitions out of your XXX now? I don't care what you agree with the definition or not. I asked if you agreed that this definition seems to imply a mental existence.Did you look at your own link? 5 other definitions (sources) saying the exact same thing...not one of them says anything about brain mass.   If we want to assess the moral weight of something that is human, then being human would be part of the criteria, yes? If we are asessing the moral weight of cats, the fact that it is a cat would be part of the criteria. If we are just asessing what has moral weight in general, then consciousness with no reference to species would be the criteria.   What is your point?I feel like you aren't answering my question. I am weighing the moral value of a human verus a cast or other animal. Why would the charateristic "human" be more valuable than say a cat...assuming they both have consciousness?
I looked up Homo Sapien, which is the species we belong to. Do I have to repeat myself, Steve? Read it again: I don't care whether you agree with the definition or not. I asked if you agreed that this definition seems to imply a mental existence I disagree that certain definition implies mental existence.    lol! Ok, lets look at those other definitions.  First one: The modern species of humans. How does one determine if the fetus is of the modern species of humans?  Second one: The biological classification of modern humans. How does one determine if the fetus is a modern human?  Third one: the only surviving hominid; species to which modern man belongs. How do we determine this, Steve?You determine this by taking a biology class :xbanghead   The only definition that mentions any sort of criteria was the one I quoted. Wouldn't you agree the definition I quoted implies a mental existence, Steve? Let's look at it again, Steve. It says that humans are characterized by a brain capacity averaging 1400 cc (85 cubic in.) and by dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools.Yeah, I'd say it implies more of a full development than "mental existence".    You feel this way because you aren't coming to your point. I am answering as best I can. I did not say that human animals are intrinsically more valuable than a cat. We are weighing the moral value of a human, though, which is why it is part of the criteria.  Or are you trying to draw the discussion off-topic?No we are not weighing that...I made the question not you. We are weighing the moral value of a human over a cat. What makes the human have more value than a cat....what about a monkey that has more "intelligence" than some humans? You seem to just not want to answer!
What the heck is "certain definition"? Do you agree or disagree that the definition I quoted implies a mental existence? Disagree. I stated that. The "certain definition" was the one you quoted.   Oh? Are you trying to tell me that the dictionary definition cannot tell us what it is to be human?! You can't be serious! The dictionary definition knows all and tells all! You must be wrong.  So what is the criteria, then? What makes us 'a human' as opposed to 'human'.Are you suggesting the dictionary is meaningless? If you want to try and define every word in every definition then you could come to the conclusion that nothing is defined. You asked questions that were not related to definition as it assumes some level of knowledge (ie not questioning every word in the definition).  The criteria for the word human is set up in the dictionary as that is what they are there for. I don't claim you have to put any moral significance on this.   Oh, so only fully developed... things... are human if they fit that criteria? What are they before they are fully developed?I said the definition you selectivily chose implies a fully developed body. This contradicts the other 5 definitions in the same link you gave me so I reject the definition you gave. It beats me what dictionary.com (the source of that definition) thinks 2yr olds are.   This question is off-topic, then. Make a new thread about what makes humans of more moral worth than animals to various posters.It is right on topic. Why can't you answer? The discussion we were having was about consciousness and that being the deciding factor for moral value. I said that my cat has consciousness and then you said my cat was not human. My question is why should "human" matter?
I see. On what basis do you disagree that dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools implies a mental existence?That is more developmental than mental existence. You could certainly have mental existence and not have language or utilization of complex tools.  I see. You are then claiming the dictionary does not provide a criteria for being human, and instead assumes we know this criteria? What is the criteria then, according to Steve?Actually I am claiming the dictionary defines human. How scientific classification works is not the purpose of the dictionary.  Seems you are claiming the dictionary can't tell us anything. I don't even know what you are typing to me! emoticon_rolleyes   Contradicts in what way? I see no contradiction. The other definitions provide no criteria, while the one I quoted did. Yet it is unacceptable to you for some reason you have not supplied. Well, ignoring the fact that you chose "homo sapiens" as opposed to one homo sapien (a group instead of individual) the other 4 or 5 definitions provide a definition. You seem to want the dictionary to be more than it is...I can't help you there. The only point I make is that a human embryo qualifies under the definition of human or human being. Obviously those two nouns describe something and an embryo is part of what they describe.  The deciding factor for moral value... in humans. Whether it applies to non-human animals or not would be the subject for another thread.So you don't want to answer or what? I made the question...you refuse to answer eventhough I have answered all your questions. Very classy.
The name of our species is Homo sapiens. There is an "s" on the end. There is no "sapien". The word refers to the name of the species; it is not plural.  My mistake...not sure what I was thinking there.
Yes. Scientific classification is not the purpose of the dictionary. The dictionary's sole purpose is recording how people generally use terms. It has no objective validity and no use beyond informing us how people generally use terms. and no one claimed otherwise.   The only way this has any validity in this debate is if the question is: "What is the dictionary definition". The dictionary has no use in this debate beyond that. That is not the question here. The question here is: "Does the fetus qualify conceptually under the philosophical umbrella of 'human being' or 'person'?" That is a question the dictionary can never answer.That is not the question. Philosophy doesn't define terms. The questions is "Does the fetus qualify as morally valuable". The fact that the fetus is a human is rather irrelevant but don't go around saying "it isn't a human therefore ok" because 1) it in fact is a human and 2) this doesn't prove or disprove anything.  I've never considered it important to this debate. If you wish to discuss this, I'd be happy to contribute in a new thread.I feel it is very important as I don't say which characteristics are important to give it moral value I just say being a human gives you moral value in and of its self. I'll consider starting a new thread since you feel it is irrelevant to this one (although I disagree with this)
Well, I had decided not to post on this thread and only read it, but I could not contain myself over the last few posts. Steeeeve, who just a few pages back acted like the dictionary definition was the be-all end-all thing, is now trying to squirm wildly when a dictionary definition is not one that he would like. ROFLMAO!! emoticon_wow   A few posts up he says this:  pretty much ridiculing the definition by dictionary.com, when a few pages ago he says this:  and then the next several posts acted like the definition there was a holy command or something. Can't have it both ways Steeeeve. I was ridiculing dictionary.com's definition...but you fail to realize that dictionary.com gives many sources (one being its own). Dictionary.com's own definition doesn't make much sense and certainly doesn't imply a mental existense. It also contradicts the other 4 or 5 definitions provided by dictionary.com. I choose to go with the 4. With "human being" they all seem to be the same.  Nice try though.
Funny, I thought a few pages back you said: I fail to see your point here. You can't get any more specific then "member of homo sapien" in a dictionary. As I said, the dictionary is what it is...
You are denying the definition of homo sapiens, which you said yourself was the definition of human. Now that a definition is there that you disagree with, suddenly now the dictionary is "flawed" or whatever you are trying to say, when before you were chanting on and on about how people had to use the definition of the dictionary. Stop your squirming. No, I disagree that one definition (out of the 5 or so) is accurate as it contradicts the other 4 sources. Even you should be able to understand that concept. If you feel that the dictionary.com source definition is the correct one then by all means use that one but tell me what classification a 1yr old would fall under.
Good Lord, I never thought I'd see the day!!emoticon_wow Steeeeve has finally realised that the dictionary is limited and is not the be-all end-all for this debate, and it is really your views on a definition that matter, not a definition found in a dictionary. That's what we were trying to show you, but you were so stubborn it took a definition that contradicted your views to make you realize it.  As I recall this started from you incorrectly saying the fetus was not a human when infact the fetus is a human. Seems odd that you try to justify abortion by claiming a different species.  I haven't changed anything I stated other than the "homo sapiens" comment I made earlier..odd fellow you are.
Then you really cannot claim the dictionary tells us who is or is not human, because the dictionary does not determine ones species. Yet it defines words... so it does tell us what entities we call a human.  If you wish to claim the dictionary can tell us the criteria for being human then you would have to tell me on what basis you contend that dependence upon language and the creation and utilization of complex tools does not imply a mental existence.because it implies a level of development. You can have mental existence without having a language or ability to utilize complex tools. I claim that the dictionary tells us what we call certain things (atleast for nouns). Take the noun "cheese" for example. The definition does tell us how it has to be made but it does say qualify what "cheese" is and the certain things that fall under the definition of "cheese". Blue cheese is a cheese. We define terms for use in philosophy. And that is indeed the question since it is assumed that those who qualify as a 'person' or 'human being' is worthy of moral consideration.What? You develop a different language for philosophy? Sounds like a way to justify something as opposed to make a real argument. I've never heard of creating words for use in philosophy....but whatever works for you I suppose, just let me know when you are using this "language" as opposed to English.   But is is philosophically human? What does it mean to be human? That is a question the dictionary cannot answer.What a dumb idea. Who thinks that way and who cares? the question is about moral value not how we define "human" in a new language called "Philosophical English".   Your original statement was that mental existence made your cat human. Mental existence may give your cat moral value, but it cannot make it human. However, we are only discussing the moral value in humans. Your point here is off-topic.No, that is not what my statement was. My statement was "my cat has mental existence"...If I implied my cat is human then I misspoke. My question was regards to what makes a "human" (in the English meaning of the word) significant. If "mental existence" is the test then species shouldn't matter....right?
Show the contradiction. I contend there is none. The one I quoted was the only definition that provided a criteria.  They all provided a criteria...we are going in circles. Like I stated before, you seem to want to procedure to make cheese when the dictionary just defines what cheese is.  So you don't want to call a fetus or embryo a human (for whatever reason) so what do you propose the species is of an embryo or fetus? Furthermore, what is a human?..enlighten me with your definition.
No, they didn't. Lay out the contradiction you see.  Is it not obvious? No has a certian level of development as the point where other definitions of homo sapiens suggest the modern human or "the only surviving hominid". The procedures for classifying are not in the dictionary..thus a biology book is what you need.   Or: I'm looking at why something is called cheese to determine if something is cheese. I need objective criteria, Steve.Why is it called cheese? Because it is "a solid food prepared from the pressed curd of milk ". Why is a fetus a human because "it belongs to the species homo sapiens".   You have this idea of a new language for philosophy and I simply reject that. In the cheese example you would take "milk" and find a definition on that and then dig down some more until it makes no sense. Whatever happened to being reasonable?   I don't believe I ever said anything even similar to this. I'm just trying to find what objective criteria you are using to determine that the fetus is 'a human' in the noun sense of the word, since you don't want to accept the dictionary criteria.Irrelevant to what we are talking about. I reject the idea that criteria is needed in a definition (atleast to what we are referring to).  Oh, so now personal definitions are valid to you?no...but it would be interesting to see what you new language looks like.
But milk is not a cheese. Just because it has the chance to become cheese, does not make milk cheese. Same goes with an embryo and a human. yet an embryo is a human :) So in this case an aging cheese is still a cheese even if not aged enough to eat (for some cheeses).
Steeve, if my kidney isn't a human then what species is it?  part of a entity that is homo sapien. You only classify a living species and are classified with common DNA as an entity..not parted like you seem to think.  This really is basic biology.
I don't understand this sentence. Please clarify.  "One has a certian level of development as the point the other definitions of homo sapiens suggest the modern human or "the only surviving hominid".  So two different ideas.  You insist the fetus is human and that the dictionary definition makes it so, yet now you claim that the dictionary cannot classify what species the fetus is part of? It seems that the dictionary is not the authority on this subject you previously seemed to think it was.The dictionary tells us proper usage of words....such as cheese. The word human can be used to describe the fetus. To say the word human could not describe a fetus is inaccurate. Words don't make something what it is...it is what it is...words just describe. I can't believe you are really debating how language works...I thought they taught this stuff.  What is the criteria then, Steve. What objective criteria can we check about the fetus to determine whether the fetus is or is not human, biologically?DNA...consult a biology book for how they classify species.   Ah, but you can determine whether something is or is not milk. You are unwilling to accept the dictionary criteria for whether something is or is not a member of the species homo sapiens.I actually an unwilling to accept one criteria as it conflicts with many others and the basic understanding of biology. You seem unwilling to accept everything but your own personal English language. Can you explain how you classify things in a species?  Reasonable? This discussion has absolutely nothing to do with reason and everything to do with semantics. That's what you wanted, Steve. Is the dictionary the authority is it not?It has to do with proper usage of words and playing around with them to justify abortion. This started by someone calling the fetus "not human". If I called you "not a human" and you said I was wrong would you call that debate about "semantics"? Certainaly not. Seems you are just trying be annoying about the whole thing.   Of course the criteria is needed in the definition, if the dictionary is the authority over whether or not the fetus is a human. If the dictionary is not the authority, then you have no basis in claiming that because the dictionary says it then it must be so.I never claimed it to be an authority over anything other than defining word usage. The dictionary doesn't make something what it is. When did you get this idea.  Amazingly enough, it looks exactly like English... because it is English. Living language, Steve ;)[/QUOTE]Then use it correctly. The fetus is a human...of the species homo sapien....my cat is black...my desk is made out of maple. I mean really, this shouldn't have been such a long conversation. Just don't justify abortion by saying the fetus is not a human...that is inaccurate. Would you agree? or do you propose we make a new meaning human using your "philosophy language". Who defines words in your world?
Then why isn't an embryo part of an species that is homo sapien? It is living inside of the body, completely integrated and feeding off of its resources, like a kidney, so what makes it so different?  Are you really asking or just trying to be smart? In general genetically unique is the answer. Seriously, this stuff is in biology books. The embryo also has development properities which a kidney does not have (a kidney never grows into an adult).
I've been thinking of the reasons people go pro-choice or pro-life, and to me it seems that the pro-choice stance has overwhelming proof on their side. Lets take a look:   Reasons for Pro-life:  1)Protecting the "innocent" baby or embryo or whatever  2)Earining brownie points in heavan  I can't think of anymore, please post and i'll add to the list.  Reasons for pro-choice:  1)This is a woman's body, not yours, not mine, and certainly not the governments.  2)An embryo can not make a decision, but a mother knows her circumstances best, therefore she should choose for the both.  3)An Embryo is not a sentient life form, and does not posses self awareness or consciousness, or to quote Another Opinion: "Mentally exist".   4)The only thing an embryo and humans have in common is a strand of DNA.  5)Abortion has some positive effects on society, as in the book Freakonomics by um... forgot the guy, Steve something, the author cites that the legalization of abortions caused a rapid decrease in crime, which makes sense if you think about it. Unwanted children are 10X more likely to become criminals.  6)And embryo does not have a 100% possiblilty of growing into a human being. 20% of pregnancies end in a miscarrige.  7)Birth control is not 100% effective. As I have said before, my friend's mom had her sister on the pill. Even though this makes up a small percentage of abortion, it still makes up some percentage, which is reason enough.  8)Being forced to carry through and unwanted pregnancy can have devastating effects on a women, namely financially and emotionally.   It's very nice how you have enumertated your own pro-choice points so eloquently and elaborately yet put words into the mouths of the pro-life movement. Of course, you have not put forth the pro-life words so eloquently or elaborately. Of course, you seek to reduce our reasons to some implied childish motivation to get "brownie points" with God. "But unless you become like a child you will never enter the kingdom of heaven." Matthew 18:3, "I praise you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have hidden these things from the wise and learned, and revealed them to little children." Matthew 11:25  But let's address your points specifically:  1)This is a woman's body, not yours, not mine, and certainly not the governments. Freedom is not the ultimate good of this world. Your freedom revolves only about the mother. You fail to acknowledge that there is a truth existent outside of the realm of a mother's freedom of body yet intimately related to her freedom. Your freedom operates without recognition of this truth. Outside of your freedom there is an objective truth. You neglect the truth that there is another being in the womb, a being with inherent value and dignity. This truth must be considered in all acts of freedom.   Abortion is not an act of freedom but an abuse of freedom. We can put it into the context of many other abuses of personal freedom. Freedom cannot exist without truth.   2)An embryo can not make a decision, but a mother knows her circumstances best, therefore she should choose for the both. The mother (and often the father) obviously have to choose for both herself and her child. The question remains, though, what is a right, good choice? What is a legitimate, just choice? What is a choice that considers the full well-being of mother and child? Is the violent choice of abortion a beneficial choice in a civilized society?  3)An Embryo is not a sentient life form, and does not posses self awareness or consciousness, or to quote Another Opinion: "Mentally exist".  Lack of mental awareness or self-awareness is not a justification for killing these beings.  4)The only thing an embryo and humans have in common is a strand of DNA. I think the comparison and contrast is more stark.   5)Abortion has some positive effects on society, as in the book Freakonomics by um... forgot the guy, Steve something, the author cites that the legalization of abortions caused a rapid decrease in crime, which makes sense if you think about it. Unwanted children are 10X more likely to become criminals. Abortion has positive effects on society? Many evils may appear to have good effects. What good does gang violence bring about? It eliminates another individual who might commit crime, it decreases the population so there is less scarcity of resources, etc. We cannot commit evil to do good. Abortion has "positive" effects so let's eliminate these beings and not give them a chance at living the American Dream. There are a lot of others we can eliminate to decrease crime.   Why not address the real problem, the treatment and rearing of children, instead of getting rid of the children. Why not address the idea that moral actions (or immoral actions--crime) are not determined by scarcity of resources. Why not discuss the breakdown of the traditional family (who has had the responsibilitiy of educating and raising these children for thousands of years) and the effect on society resulting from this.  6)And embryo does not have a 100% possiblilty of growing into a human being. 20% of pregnancies end in a miscarrige. 100% of 5 year olds do not make it to be 10 years old, 100% of 20 year olds do not make it to be 30 year olds, 100% of 50 year olds do not make it to be 65 years old. Does this justify killing them?  20% of pregnancies end in miscarriage. So let's kill some more? But abortion and miscarriage are different in kind, not degree. An active action to kill a living human being in the womb is different than a spontaneous abortion due to inability to survive.  7)Birth control is not 100% effective. As I have said before, my friend's mom had her sister on the pill. Even though this makes up a small percentage of abortion, it still makes up some percentage, which is reason enough. I'm not sure what you're saying here. Are you saying that due to birth control's failure, abortion is needed as a safety net? Are are you acknowledging the abortive aspects of artificial contraception?  8)Being forced to carry through and unwanted pregnancy can have devastating effects on a women, namely financially and emotionally. I can think of no more devastating effect than the end of life prematurely, a destruction of one's being and existence. That is what the being in the womb goes through. This is not to mention the devastating effects on women who have undergone abortion.  http://www.silentnomoreawareness.org/
 1. You mean like a tapeworm? Should removing tapeworms be illegal too?  2. I don't follow you here. Can you back up your little sacred "trust" theory? There is no trust between an embryo and a woman. An embryo cannot feel trust, it cannot even feel itself. Its really only a hunk of cells, and saying that it trusts the woman is like me saying that the flowers in my garden trust me to water them. And, at what point does a life become "sacred". I'm sure you've weeded your garden, is that an embarrasing disregard for sacred life? Is hunting an embarrassing disregard for sacred life?  3. By your logic, i can call almost anything a "sacred life".  1. If I'm not mistaken, this is your thread. Was the subject tapeworms?   2. I'm not surprised that you don't follow the concept of trust a child automatically, by instinct, places in it's mom. You are assuming what an embryo can or can not feel. Due to it's inability to communicate. Are you stating that any being that can not communicate is expendable? I would bet that you would go to extremes to protect a baby seal about to get it's head bashed in by an eskimo hunter to sell it's coat. Regardless of it's inability to say I want to live.  By the way, I support hunting. But I do not take killing lightly.   3. The subject of my topic is children. You are throwing others in as your argument is weak.
I see. I refer you to a previous post of mine, then: A sperm is human in the same way the fetus is human: they both contain human DNA.  The adjective sense and the noun sense are the same. They both generally describe a living thing that contains human DNA. I refer you to the biology book for classifying. You can't jump in on a response without the context. The question was asked how do they classify things...the answer was DNA although it used to be different. I guess I can't convince you that a sperm is not a "member of the species homo sapien" but biology is what it is until someone changes it. Covering your ears doesn't make something so ;)  If they tried to use the dictionary to justify this? lol, yes it would be a debate about semantics. It would be asnine to try to use the dictionary in this way.In this case someone would just randomly claim you are not human...what would be your source for saying this person is wrong? Your pseudo langauge?
  From National Health Service Greater Glasgow & Clyde  Women & Childrens Directorate - Social Gynaecology Patient Information   Complications of Termination  Psychological effects: a small number of women experience regret or adverse psychological effects. Few experience any long-term, adverse psychological effects. Early distress is common and usually a continuation of symptons present before the abortion. However, long-lasting, negative effects on both mothers and their children are reported where abortion has been denied.   So, it's a proven fact that children denied the act of abortion suffer negative effects? Hmmmmmm
Ya know, you always refer to "biology" and such and say were wrong because of it. Care to show me where biology says that? Care to show me how specifically an embryo differs from a sperm? I can show you many ways why an embryo is not a human, yet you only cite DNA and growth and say i'm discriminating. Sperm have DNA and can grow, so why is ejaculation not genocide? You really need to rethink your logic, that is, if you have any logic.  Of course you can show how an embryo differs from a human...you made up a definition for human! I think I'll make up a definition for human and make sure you are not included and that would make about as much sense. And then of course you resort to insulting my logic...I feel like we are having a debate from a recent southpark episode (for those that don't watch southpark it was a show about in the future where religion doesn't exist and they just argue about logic the whole time).  Anyway, since you haven't taken a biology class and are not familiar with the way things are classified I will direct you this page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_classification  While probably not 100% accurate it still gives you a somewhat good idea about how classification works. Furthermore, the only thing I said biology proves you wrong on is that a sperm is classified living organism as opposed to a part of.   I also like how I'm the only one with a definition for a human that has any kind of backing. Everyone elses "mental existence" theory 1) has no backing for defintion and 2) is arbitrary in and of itself  So someone enlighten the rest of us on the proper usage of the word "human"...since there is obviously some mysterious language that I am not aware of that neatly defines all these terms. Please direct me to a source for this new language as well.
Of course, you don't have the common sense to care for the humans do you? The humans with feelings, self awareness? The sentient homo sapeins? You just care about an embryotic cell sac. A non mental existent one, in which you value more than a woman. Either you are misinformed or a sexist.  Bringing out the "sexist" term. What if the embryo is female...does that still make one sexist?   And people wonder why I place suspicion on those that are still in grade school and have not seen real life.  A baby seal has self awareness, consciousness, and intelligence. Nope, not expendable. It is a valued life form, that does deserve rights.Good to know that we can kill a fetus but not a baby seal....so these baby seals deserve all the rights as you do? If not then what rights? What criteria is there for those rights?
Of course, you don't have the common sense to care for the humans do you? The humans with feelings, self awareness? The sentient homo sapeins? You just care about an embryotic cell sac. A non mental existent one, in which you value more than a woman. Either you are misinformed or a sexist.  Are you trying deviate attention from the rediculousness of the statement made by National Health Service Greater Glasgow & Clyde Women & Childrens Directorate - Social Gynaecology Patient Information?  Here, let me post it again, so everybody can laugh.   Complications of Termination Psychological effects: a small number of women experience regret or adverse psychological effects. Few experience any long-term, adverse psychological effects. Early distress is common and usually a continuation of symptons present before the abortion. However, long-lasting, negative effects on both mothers and their children are reported where abortion has been denied.   Shooter you sure are quick to resort to name calling when you get weak.
 1. Irrelevant. That was an analogy, oh logical one.  2. I have the instinct to kill anyone that I don't like. Its a human trait that we've learned to control. Does that mean I should kill you because its my instict? I think humans have learned by now that instinct is not always the wisest thing to follow.  3. What does communication have anything remotely to do with sentience? It is not self aware, it has no consciousness, and it has no intelligence. It is not sentient deserving of rights. Where in there is anything about communication?  4. A baby seal has self awareness, consciousness, and intelligence. Nope, not expendable. It is a valued life form, that does deserve rights.  5. I am a hunter too, but animals have feelings. That is why I do not take killing lightly. However, we, as humans, were designed to hunt and kill animals for food. I think hunting is wrong if you are not going to eat the animal, but if you are, then it is OK. Just like foxes hunt rabbits, or snakes hunt mice. We are no different. However, animals have self awareness, consciousness, and... oh brother, do I have to go over this every time? Do you get the point?  6. What do you mean by throwing "others" in? We are not talking about children here, as children are fairly irrelevant to the abortion issue. However, if you are talking about embryos then why didn't you say so?  1. Logical? Tape worms are of equal value?  2. Humans who kill their offspring for the sake of their own comfort or financial security have not overcome the instinct to kill. Considering that I have lived and have a past, I am more worthy of your wrath than the innocents you consider expendable.  3. This puny argument belongs to you. I do not need to prove my stand as I need no excuse for not killing.  4. You will never have the ability to prove that what would become a child has no instinct to survive as you scrape it from the womb.  You only proclaim what it feels to alleviate guilty consciences.  5. We seem to have found some common ground. Then you screwed it up by comparing wild life and human offspring.  6. Back to the tapeworm analogy.
Pawx, has this always been the case in Scotland, to classify an abortion as "human remains," or is this a recent development?  I think we all know that they are human remains whether they are classified as such or not.
  From National Health Service Greater Glasgow & Clyde  Women & Childrens Directorate - Social Gynaecology Patient Information   Complications of Termination  Psychological effects: a small number of women experience regret or adverse psychological effects. Few experience any long-term, adverse psychological effects. Early distress is common and usually a continuation of symptons present before the abortion. However, long-lasting, negative effects on both mothers and their children are reported where abortion has been denied.   I don't doubt that there are negative effects from that. But what if our way of thinking was converted from a distorted way of thinking on the value of human life and the inherent dignity of each human being? Then missing out on an abortion might be seen as a noble, positive thing.  Many people experience "adverse pyschological effects" for many different phenomena experienced in their lives...violence, illness, death of friends and family members...but we all live through it. Pyschological illness must be treated but killing a child is not a valid treatment option.  Also, adverse pyschological effects are not as extreme or severe or adverse as destruction/death that the embryo experiences.
 1. I rest my case.  2. Anyone who uses "comfort" or "financial security" to describe pregnancy and forced child bearing are either misinformed, not qualified for this debate, or both. It seems you do not value women. At all, or their bodies. You think they are disposable child bearing cubicles. Why? What nerve you have to critisize me when you equate no value to humans either.  3. I'm expending innocent cells? Oh, poor cells. You must think they feel really bad about this don't they? You must think they're humans like you or me, and that, is why I do not enjoy debating with you. Misinformation.   4. Neither do I, because I'm not killing anything. In fact, even if the embryo was a person, I do not advocate its killing. I advocate freedom. What this country was founded on, why we came here. What thousands of men died to protect, that you're trying to take away. You better have a damned good excuse for violating a woman's body and rights. Its sick you condone such a thing in the first place.  5. My point exactly.  6. My guilty conscience? It would be you, who would dare force your values on other human beings, forcing them to suffer for a botched scientific hypothesis of yours about human life. You only call the cell sack a child to make yourself feel better, because deep down you know its wrong.  7. What makes our species so much more important than everyone else? What? It seems like you feel you are superior to other animals, am I not correct? You feel, that humans are worth more. Why? Look deep inside yourself. Why do you think that humans are worth more than animals? Because of our superior intelligence. Something an embryo lacks. It lacks any intelligence.  8. Nice try.  1. Of course you do.  2. I do assume the right to criticize you. As do you, me.  I do respect women. But I do not extend to women the right to make a choice that effects a life that she created. Once she created it, there was more than just "her" that matters. I do not extend to anyone the right to kill as a solution to a problem.  3. You define any disagreement with you as mis-information.  Your argument is for the purpose of killing something that you refuse to consider the possibility has an instinct to survive. If it survives, it becomes a person.  4. Those veterans, of whom I am, have fought for the right to freedoms, not for the right to exterminate for convenience.  5. So, since we can not prove it, you opt to dismiss it's need to survive?  6. Your grasping at straws. I'm not calling it anything. I don't care what it's called. I want to save it. You on the other hand, must give it a label that makes destroying it seem a menial act. 7. Yes, I do feel superior. Not simply for the fact that we have the power to eliminate other species, but that we too are empowered to save them. Including Zygotes as you define them.
 1. I rest my case.  2. Anyone who uses "comfort" or "financial security" to describe pregnancy and forced child bearing are either misinformed, not qualified for this debate, or both. It seems you do not value women. At all, or their bodies. You think they are disposable child bearing cubicles. Why? What nerve you have to critisize me when you equate no value to humans either.  3. I'm expending innocent cells? Oh, poor cells. You must think they feel really bad about this don't they? You must think they're humans like you or me, and that, is why I do not enjoy debating with you. Misinformation.   4. Neither do I, because I'm not killing anything. In fact, even if the embryo was a person, I do not advocate its killing. I advocate freedom. What this country was founded on, why we came here. What thousands of men died to protect, that you're trying to take away. You better have a damned good excuse for violating a woman's body and rights. Its sick you condone such a thing in the first place.  5. My point exactly.  6. My guilty conscience? It would be you, who would dare force your values on other human beings, forcing them to suffer for a botched scientific hypothesis of yours about human life. You only call the cell sack a child to make yourself feel better, because deep down you know its wrong.  7. What makes our species so much more important than everyone else? What? It seems like you feel you are superior to other animals, am I not correct? You feel, that humans are worth more. Why? Look deep inside yourself. Why do you think that humans are worth more than animals? Because of our superior intelligence. Something an embryo lacks. It lacks any intelligence.  8. Nice try.  1. Of course you do.  2. I do assume the right to criticize you. As do you, me.  I do respect women. But I do not extend to women the right to make a choice that effects a life that she created. Once she created it, there was more than just "her" that matters. I do not extend to anyone the right to kill as a solution to a problem.  3. You define any disagreement with you as mis-information.  Your argument is for the purpose of killing something that you refuse to consider the possibility has an instinct to survive. If it survives, it becomes a person.  4. Those veterans, of whom I am, have fought for the right to freedoms, not for the right to exterminate for convenience.  5. So, since we can not prove it, you opt to dismiss it's need to survive?  6. Your grasping at straws. I'm not calling it anything. I don't care what it's called. I want to save it. You on the other hand, must give it a label that makes destroying it seem a menial act. 7. Yes, I do feel superior. Not simply for the fact that we have the power to eliminate other species, but that we too are empowered to save them. Including Zygotes as you define them.
Ah, and here's what it is all about with you. the woman "created" it. Of course there is no mention of a male by you (sorry to tell you this, but, it takes two to tango). Here we see your true views on the subject: "It's all the woman's fault, she cause it, etc." Feel the same way about rape and incest? I'll bet you are one of the sexists who blame the victim for rape, and not the little $hit who actually raped her.  I like how you just claim a person is "sexist" and go to petty insults just because a person doesn't support abortion. Nevermind the fact that you have no basis for these assumptions, you just want to demean the other person...Perhaps you would like it if I called you a sexist or maybe a rapist lover? I have the same backing you for your claims.  Anyway, you are getting really close to just slander (forbidden by the forum admin), I suggest all three of you calm it down as we have had many banned on here for the very tactics you use.
Sometimes having an abortion is the best option for them and their family. Financial commitments like a mortgage mean that many people need their full wage to get by, and if the mother had to go on maternity leave they would be seriously struggling and unable to feed their existing family. There are millions reasons for choosing to have an abortion and if a woman doesn't want to go through with a pregnancy, that is her decision as it's her body and her life that would be changing, and if she is unwilling to change her life she would hardly be an ideal person to become a fantastic mother.   I wouldn't ever say abortion is a good thing, and in an ideal world it wouldn't be necessary, but people make mistakes and birth control is not 100% effective so it's always going to be needed.  How much of a wage would your life be worth?  Abortion as a safety for contraception is not a good argument. And there are many problems with artificial birth control itself.
Ladling out the guilt again, Maximus?  Don't forget take a large helping for yourself.  What do you mean, ladling out the guilt? How so? What am I guilty of?  Do you dispute that everyone on the planet would know that a fetus or embryo would be human remains?
Sorry, but I called him sexist because of his attitude toward women as shown in his post. As a women, I felt that his comments were rather demeaning and sexist. I don't call anyone anything unless it has a basis in what they have said or done.   And about getting banned, lol! I'm calling it as I see it and I'm not afraid of your petty threats.emoticon_xdonno  Oh, and by the way, since you seem so obsessed with the dictionary, here you go:   There is nothing false about my statement, therefore it is not slander. Slander is what Bush's buddies did to McCain in the Republican primaries (I think it was the primaries - whatever it is where republicans choose their candidate for president out of a group of republicans).  So if I called you a child molesting rapist because I thought you were then you would be ok with this?   It wasn't a threat...I don't ban people...I'm just saying that many folks have been.
That's fine. The dictionary is not the proper tool to try to classify things, however, as you were attempting to do ;) I sure wasn't.  And you were insisting that the dictionary definition proved something. That obviously is not the case :PIf proves that, for English at least, you can't say a fetus is not a human.  Neither does the dictionary saying something make it so. I'm so glad you've accepted that. It matters not a whit what the dictionary says humans are or what the fetus is.It matters if you are trying to communicate with people. If you don't think it matters what the meanings of words are then thats your deal not mine.  Neither can a biology book tell us what being human means, in a philosophical/moral sense. For that we would have personal beliefs and personal definitions. haha, a personal moral language if you will. Is this to make people sleep better at night?  lol. You're calling English a pseudo language now. What is your support for this, Steve? Your personal definition?You don't seem to use English....see your below comment.  My source definitely would not be the dictionary, Steve :P That would just be idiotic. Were that my opponents only argument I would dismiss them out of hand and not bother to refute them.haha, if not the dictionary then I'd like to know how you figure out what words mean. How do you even understand what I am typing?
I'd be fine with it... If I said anything in my posts which suggested it, which I have not. (Not to mention the fact that females as "child molesting rapists" are rather rare and unusual)  You see, with his post, it pretty much showed a sexist attitude, hence why I said that I bet (key word here) he was one of those sexists who blamed the victim for the rape (something frighteningly common from people who live near me).I guess we just have a different set of morals. Accusing someone of the things you did or me calling you a "child molesting rapist" is wrong.
It's not wrong if it's true, based on the evidence (of which you would have none to call me that). If I were to call someone who has killed children a "child-murderer", is that wrong?  what is this "evidence"? The fact that he doesn't think a rape victim should get an abortion? I'd like to see that one in a court case..HA
What if it were to show up at the Supreme Court?  We'd seek the opinion of the judges in Zimbabwe :p  Doesn't matter...I blocked Shadow after that last post as it is very clear he is not going to give an honest debate but rather take pop-shots all day.
Well, if I were to choose between being able to feed my daughter or to have a new baby and be unable to afford anything more than cornflakes for each meal, I'd choose to look after the child I already have.  If I had to choose between being able to feed my daughter and kill my baby I would choose to sacrifice feeding my daughter. Hope stays alive in that situation. But once the new baby is destroyed and life is taken then there is no hope and love is extinguished.  The problem is that you already have two children when it comes time for the decision of abortion. Why would you choose your older child over the younger one? Abortion kills a living human being.   Are there not enough social service programs out there that could assist in this instance? How many people in this world have made it out of poverty to live a good life? Wouldn't you want to give them a shot?  As for the problems with birth control, are you now saying that people perhaps just shouldn't have sex at all except at times they want to concieve? When you divorce sex from its procreative potential then problems arise. It's not that people "shouldn't have sex at all except at times they want to conceive." But they shouldn't have sex at all except at times when they are willing to accept conception and the baby that comes from it. I mean that married persons can have sex when they want to unite and form bonds and replenish and express their love for one another, even at times when procreation will not naturally occur. When two persons interact in this manner then they should be willing to accept that third person into their lives that may be created at any time--not as an intruder--but as a welcome visitor--because they were the ones who invited him, in a certain sense. If they cannot accept this then they should abstain. Sex cannot be healthily utilized simply for pleasure without respect for its inherent need for committment and respect for procreative potential.
Bah humbug, Maximus! Admittedly pious sounding, not to mention with a high degree of self righteousness, but claptrap.  Another eloquent rebuttal by simone.A concise, effective, engaging, deep response...claptrap. Another smear but another failure to argue her point.
Because my daughter feels hunger and pain, and I would not allow her to suffer. A foetus does not experience these things, therefore it would not suffer at an early stage abortion. How could you possibly allow one child to suffer just so you can give birth to another you may not be able to provide for properly?  Are you sure a fetus does not suffer?  I don't think benefits here count when you have assets, such as a house you can sell. Stability for my daughter is what matters most to me, and ending up being moved to a dodgy area [which is all that is left to rent from the Council] isn't an option for me. Not when the other option is to terminate a pregnancy without causing the foetus to suffer. After 12 weeks gestation I'd perhaps have reconsidered my options again, but so early on I had made my decision.   What motivates you to draw your line at 12 weeks?   Nice idea but it's never going to happen. Sex is part of a relationship and the small chance of conception isn't going to stop people from having sex when they don't want to concieve or be prepared to concieve. Some families never want children but they are hardly going to abstain for life. Contraception might never be 100% but it's the most people have unless they choose the permanant sterilisation option, which isn't going to be an option for a woman who wants to have a gap between having children. Perhaps in the past women were prepared to have every child they became pregnant with and ended up with 15 kids they couldn't feed, but in this day and age it isn't even worth discussing as a solution The effectiveness of natural family planning:  http://ccli.org/nfp/basics/effectiveness-p01.php  Even planned parenthood informs about it: http://www.ppgg.org/site/c.esJMKZPKJtH/b.1164205/k.5BF7/Natural_Family_Planning.htm  Some families never want children? Is that a family? Love gives life.
I find it interesting that the pro-lifers block the pro-choicers but not the other way around. Unless they were being downright XXXXXX, i see that as a sign of weakness or failure.  I choose not to engage in childish behavoir...It makes life easier just to block the user instead of scroll past their posts.
A very late term fetus MAY, but defonitaly not an early term one.  Oh please, these have been around since when we were abolishing slavery. (And I say "we" because I'm assuming you vote conservative). Don't confuse these with the Rhythm Method. This is the sympto-thermal method.
At that stage in development, yes.    12 weeks was the first time I ever saw my daughter in a scan, so it's basically an example of the time when I felt my baby was developed, as I could see her kicking her legs, etc. Obviously you can give or take a few weeks development from that but I basically wanted to have the abortion as soon as possible for both the humanity of the foetus and for my own mental health, as I would have found it a lot more difficult at that stage, having already gone through a pregnancy.     There are married couples out there who don't ever want to have kids of their own, I'd still call them a family. You have come to this personal opinion of 12 wks. What is it you believe is there prior to this 12 week time?   I call a married couple who never wants to have kids or who does want to have kids but hasn't yet, a married couple. When that first kid is added then I might call them a family.
What follows is a sytematic review of the literature on this subject. I submit the reference and the abstract. For you and max:  Quote: Lee SJ, Ralston HJP, Drey EA, Partridge JC, Rosen MA. Fetal Pain: A Systematic Multidisciplinary Review of the Evidence. JAMA, 2005; 294(8): 947-54.  ABSTRACT  Context Proposed federal legislation would require physicians to inform women seeking abortions at 20 or more weeks after fertilization that the fetus feels pain and to offer anesthesia administered directly to the fetus. This article examines whether a fetus feels pain and if so, whether safe and effective techniques exist for providing direct fetal anesthesia or analgesia in the context of therapeutic procedures or abortion.  Evidence Acquisition  Systematic search of PubMed for English-language articles focusing on human studies related to fetal pain, anesthesia, and analgesia. Included articles studied fetuses of less than 30 weeks' gestational age or specifically addressed fetal pain perception or nociception. Articles were reviewed for additional references. The search was performed without date limitations and was current as of June 6, 2005.  Evidence Synthesis  Pain perception requires conscious recognition or awareness of a noxious stimulus. Neither withdrawal reflexes nor hormonal stress responses to invasive procedures prove the existence of fetal pain, because they can be elicited by nonpainful stimuli and occur without conscious cortical processing. Fetal awareness of noxious stimuli requires functional thalamocortical connections. Thalamocortical fibers begin appearing between 23 to 30 weeks' gestational age, while electroencephalography suggests the capacity for functional pain perception in preterm neonates probably does not exist before 29 or 30 weeks. For fetal surgery, women may receive general anesthesia and/or analgesics intended for placental transfer, and parenteral opioids may be administered to the fetus under direct or sonographic visualization. In these circumstances, administration of anesthesia and analgesia serves purposes unrelated to reduction of fetal pain, including inhibition of fetal movement, prevention of fetal hormonal stress responses, and induction of uterine atony.  Conclusions  Evidence regarding the capacity for fetal pain is limited but indicates that fetal perception of pain is unlikely before the third trimester. Little or no evidence addresses the effectiveness of direct fetal anesthetic or analgesic techniques. Similarly, limited or no data exist on the safety of such techniques for pregnant women in the context of abortion. Anesthetic techniques currently used during fetal surgery are not directly applicable to abortion procedures.  Moose, Shooter, Paw,  GULLIBLE TREATMENT OF TRUMPED UP "STUDY" ON FETAL PAIN ISSUE SHOULD EMBARRASS J.A.M.A. AND SOME JOURNALISTS This memo offers a number of points of information regarding the article "Fetal Pain: A Systematic Multidisciplinary Review of the Evidence," published in the August 24 edition of the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). Any of the material below, if not otherwise attributed, can be attributed to NRLC Legislative Director Douglas Johnson (Legfederal@aol.com), who prepared this memorandum.  See this here:  http://www.nrlc.org/abortion/Fetal_Pain/NRLCrebuttalJAMA.html  The following excerpt is from: http://abort73.com/HTML/I-A-2a-pain.html  "Sir Albert Lilley, widely considered the "Father of Fetology", and unabashedly pro-life (as anyone with his vast knowledge of fetal development should be) makes some remarkable statements about fetal pain in an interview he conducted for the book The Tiniest Humans.  Question: In the case of an 8- to-10-week fetus, if you apply pressure will it tend to try to get out of the way?  Answer: Normally it would be extremely difficult, apart from putting a foreign instrument or needle into the uterus to apply pressure, but with a fetus at that maturity you have a very small fetus in a larger capsule of fluid. However, as the famous work of Dr. Davenport Hooker shows, in his many thousands of feet of film, babies at this maturity are responsive to touch.  The fetus also responds violently to painful stimuli-needle puncture and injection of cold or of hypertonic solutions- stimuli which you and I find painful, children will tell you are painful, and the neonate, to judge from his responses, finds painful. --- I have been told by advocates of abortion that we have no proof that the fetus actually feels pain. Strictly, they are quite correct. Pain is a peculiarly personal and subjective experience and there is no biochemical or physiological test we can do to tell that anyone is in pain - a phenomenon which makes it very easy to bear other people's pain stoically, which is an important point for obstetricians to remember. By the same token we lack any proof that animals feel pain. However, to judge from their responses, it seems charitable to assume they do. Were this not so there would be no point in having an organization like the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and I for one would be unhappy to think we would withhold from the human fetus a charitable consideration we were prepared to extend to animals.  Question: The question, then, of pain felt by the fetus - it is your personal opinion, I gather from what you say in your paper, that in effect the fetus does feel pain?  Answer: I can only say that the fetus responds violently to stimuli that you and I would find painful. Bertrand Russell once remarked that a fisherman had told him that fish had neither sense or sensation, but how he knew that the fisherman would not tell him."  The following excerpt is from: http://www.theinterim.com/2000/nov/21fetalpain.html   "Dr. Glover's research in the area of fetal pain is hardly groundbreaking. Sir Albert W. Liley, the pre-eminent fetologist from New Zealand, had no doubt, on the basis of objective evidence, that the fetus has a capacity to feel pain. In 1963, Dr. Liley, the founder of fetology, developed the first surgical technique for administering intrauterine blood transfusions to the fetus. According to Liley, the fetus feels pain as early as three months. In offering instructions for carrying out the surgical technique of fetal blood transfusions, he advised his colleagues to take into serious consideration this fact of fetal pain. During the actual surgical procedure, the child must be sedated and given pain-relieving medication. Dr. Margaret Liley, wife and assistant to her husband, and a distinguished fetologist and pediatrician in her own right, remarks in her well-known book, Modern Motherhood:  When doctors first began invading the sanctuary of the womb, they did not know that the unborn baby would react to pain in the same fashion as a child would. But they soon learned that he would. By no means a 'vegetable' as he has so often been pictured, the unborn knows perfectly well when he has been hurt, and he will protest it just as violently as would a baby in a crib.   In referring to aborting a 12-week-old fetus by dilatation and curettage, (in which the neck of the womb is dilated and the fetus removed in pieces after the womb has been scraped by a sharp instrument called a curette), Dr. Eugene Diamond stated in 1971: "When this procedure is done, there is little doubt that the fetus, in fact, feels what is done to it." In a comprehensive treatment of fetal pain, published in 1985 in the New England Journal of Medicine, Dr. K. Annand, a Harvard physiologist, stated that the fetus first perceives pain as early as 12 weeks.   In a May 1975 piece in Atlantic, Willard Gaylin and Marc Lappe argue for fetal experimentation, which they contend is far less traumatic for the unborn than certain forms of abortion. If society allows a child in the womb to be subjected to "unimaginable acts of violence," they write, such as "dismemberment, salt-induced osmotic shock, or surgical extirpation," how can it balk at fetal experimentation, most forms of which are incomparably more benign.   Fetal pain, of course, is a matter of fact, not ideology. Science, of course, should be based on fact, not political correctness. We live in a Therapeutic Culture in which popping pills has become a national pastime. We are only too sensitive about pain, inconvenience, and possibly offending someone. Yet our own ultra-sensitivity to pain does not, in general, extend to the unborn. Are we inconsistent in our war against pain? Is there a blatant contradiction that runs through the very heart of our Therapeutic Culture?   The answer to this apparent dilemma lies in the fact that there are different levels of pain. Pain exists on a spiritual as well as on a physical level. Of the two, as many psychologists and psychiatrists have averred, the spiritual kind is more difficult to bear. The difference between the two is akin to the difference between pain and suffering. The suffering in one's soul that can arise from humiliation, guilt, despair, and terror, are formidable. An athlete would rather risk breaking his neck driving for a fly ball than feel the humiliation of being called a wimp. A soldier would rather risk injury and even death, than suffer the shame of dishonor. A Christian would rather mortify himself than experience the disgrace that comes with mortal sin. Defeat, dishonor, disgrace, as a rule, are far more devastating than physical pain.  There is a pain that goes with being egregiously wrong (shame) or being recklessly immoral (disgrace) or being purposely obtuse (humiliation) that is more acute than physical pain. Our Therapeutic Culture is not inconsistent. Those who promote abortion want to spare themselves the pain that goes with suffering shame, disgrace, and humiliation. Because of that, they are willing to deny the pain that the aborted baby feels. To acknowledge what abortion really means is too painful for them. They would rather retreat into the presumed security of their comforting ideology.   Pain and birth go together in a mysterious way, like death and life, fall and redemption. The birth of a child or the rebirth of an adult requires a certain amount of pain. Birth and redemption both demand pain. Abortion was instituted in an attempt to avoid pain. But it has magnified the very thing it had sought to reduce. We are drowning in a sea of tranquilizers while we increase our suffering. We thought we could eliminate physical suffering, but brought about spiritual torment. The abortion issue, like an ellipse, has two foci: one is the birth of the child (which is accompanied by pain); the other, the rebirth of the pro-abortionist (which is accompanied by suffering). Part of the painful truth about the abortion issue is that it includes both the unborn and the unrepentant."  Dr. DeMarco is a professor of philosophy at St. Jerome's University in Waterloo, Ont.
I understand prior to 12 weeks the foetus is alive and growing and developing. Basically I mentioned 12 weeks for my own mental health, as I had seen my daughter in a scan at that age and could picture it more. Maybe that sounds stupid but I found it extremely difficult to go through with the abortion and the less real I could make it seem, the better I felt about going through with it. [though that didn't actually work out as I ended up seeing what I had passed in the bedpan]  So 12 weeks for your mental health and to make it seem less real? But what was there prior to 12 weeks? Does this being have no value at 11 weeks 6 days and then instantly gain value after one more day at 12 weeks?   Is it worth the money and keeping the house and other "benefits" you "gain" by the abortion when measured against the fact that you deprived your daughter of a brother or sister (and deprived yourself and the father) and all of the rich aspects of life that would have come from that? How did you choose between your daughter living out of the womb and the one that was living within it?
12 weeks is just an example as that was when I first realised I was actually having a baby, as before I saw the scan it didn't seem so real. It was nothing to do with the value of the foetus to me.   I do want to have more children later on. But at this time, we have just taken on a 5 year fixed rate mortgage, and if we pay it off before that time [i.e by selling the house, which is too small for 2 kids] we lose a substantial amount of money, probably wouldn't be able to afford anywhere bigger, and certainly unable to pay a high mortgage while I'd be on maternity leave, so we would probably have to wait for a council property, which would almost certainly be offered only in the deprived areas of my town as that's all that is left for rent. I don't want to go too much more into the money side of things as it seems like it's putting a price on a possible second child but I've worked hard to get my daughter out of our old rented house in a bad area and into a decent side of the town in an owned property. The 'rich aspects' don't seem as appealing when I would be living, granted with two great children, but in an area of my town where vandalism, antisocial behaviour and crime is constant, living in fear of having my daughters bedroom window smashed by two 10 year old boys, having drunk teenagers cut through my garden every weekend, and finding it difficult to even get my daughter to sleep at night because of the constant shouting and screaming of my lovely neighbours [basically the fabulous neighbourhood we lived in, offered by the housing association after I had my daughter]. I'm probably being too personal but I don't feel that my life would be very rich had I continued my pregnancy at this time in my life.   I chose to have my daughter, and when I made that decision I took on the obligation of raising her well, and doing all I could for her. As you stated above, the earliest time a foetus begins feeling pain is at 12 weeks, so merely on a suffering basis, my daughters health and wellbeing meant more to me. I wish you the best. I hope you don't have to go through any more abortions. I hope you and your family have a safe, healthy, happy, life.  Peace.
just to let you know that the people who were for slavery in the 1700s-1800s thought that it was a benefit for society....  in correlation  People who are pro-death (pro 2nd choice after sex) also feel like abortion is a benefit to society..  All who are for abortion need to open their eyes and see the trend here....   You are acting just like the slave traders who said "if we take away slavery, we wont be able to live on our plantations anymore and the cotton industry will be leveled"....  A similar statment now would be "If i have a baby, my life will not be the way i want it to be and i will not be able to finance the baby"....  THEN WHY DID YOU HAVE SEX???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Yeah, there are many similarities between abortion and slavery. Traces of the days of slavery are still present with us today in the form racism. This racism is perhaps seen most clearly today in abortion. The abortion movement preys upon minority communities. Check out this website:   http://www.blackgenocide.org/   "Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in America. 78% of their clinics are in minority communities. Blacks make up 12% of the population, but 35% of the abortions in America. Are we being targeted? Isn't that genocide? We are the only minority in America that is on the decline in population. If the current trend continues, by 2038 the black vote will be insignificant. Did you know that the founder of Planned Parenthood, Margaret Sanger, was a devout racist who created the Negro Project designed to sterilize unknowing black women and others she deemed as undesirables of society? The founder of Planned Parenthood said, "Colored people are like human weeds and are to be exterminated." Is her vision being fulfilled today?"
Yeah, there are many similarities between abortion and slavery. Traces of the days of slavery are still present with us today in the form racism. This racism is perhaps seen most clearly today in abortion. The abortion movement preys upon minority communities. Check out this website:   http://www.blackgenocide.org/   "Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in America. 78% of their clinics are in minority communities. Blacks make up 12% of the population, but 35% of the abortions in America. Are we being targeted? Isn't that genocide? We are the only minority in America that is on the decline in population. If the current trend continues, by 2038 the black vote will be insignificant. Did you know that the founder of Planned Parenthood, Margaret Sanger, was a devout racist who created the Negro Project designed to sterilize unknowing black women and others she deemed as undesirables of society? The founder of Planned Parenthood said, "Colored people are like human weeds and are to be exterminated." Is her vision being fulfilled today?"  This is a point I tried to raise in this thread.  There are logical similarities between some of the arguments justifying slavery and arguments justifying abortion. These similarities are perhaps most evident in the two corresponding SCOTUS decisions in Dred Scott v. Sandford and Roe v. Wade. Both of these cases used the illegitimate doctrine of substantive due process, and in the process, substituted what the Constitution really says with what the Justices wanted it to say.
just another fact as well posted by the Holocaust Museum in D.C.'s website.  " [G]enocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such:  * Killing members of the group; * Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; * Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part; * Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; * Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group."  Seems to me that the founder of planned parenthood is guilty of these crimes.
Seems like everyone is stumped by these facts...
First of all, i can turn around right here, because i can see that you already have no idea what you are talking about. Pro-choicers do not advocate the abortion of fetuses. Anti-choice antics are getting pretty dirty these days.  but they do support the choice to abort a fetus or embryo. An argument made for slavery was that "you don't have to own them but don't tell us what to do"..a fairly similar argument but doesn't show whether or not abortion is wrong just that some lines of thinking should be questioned.   On the contrary, the Pro-lifers are acting like the slave traders. Anyone who denies a human being a fundamental human right because of a physical feature is more like the slave traders than everything. Let me also remind you that black people were sentient. Fetuses are not.Pro-lifers are like slave traders? What a pro-lifers trading? Anyone who denies a human being a fundamental human right is a slave trader...like a right to life...???
No, anyone who denies one freedom is a slaver. If you think about it, slavery requires life.  What basis do fundamental rights derive from? In other words, how can we tell whether something is a fundamental human right?
life is the most basic right...I agree...without that you really can't do much.  So you deny that one so someone else can have what they want?
If you think abortion is like slavery, the main question to ask yourself is why was slavery wrong to begin with?   I personally think slavery was wrong because I have great sympathy toward people who were forced against their will to work under horendous conditions for people who used utterly false arguements to support such exploitation (arguments about the innate inferiority of all African American's in inherent capability, and about God supporting the right of whites to own blacks as slaves). It is the suffering of slavery, coupled with the false reasons for that exploitation, that lie behind my abhorence of slavery. Neither of these reasons have anything to do with the abortion debate prior to the third trimester (before which there is no suffering).  I believe in a general belief that all people are the same and should be treated as such. Even if slaves are treated like Gods I still believe it is wrong.
Indeed, forcing a woman to carry a pregnancy against her will could be viewed as a temporary partial form of slavery (temporary = 9 months, partial = freedom of use of her body partly taken away, other freedoms mainly still existing). As you say, that is also a little weak. Comparing abortion to slavery is just a poor comparison to make overall.  The comparison was a line of thought used for slavery...not slavery in general. We shouldn't take it for more than it is.
The comparison was a line of thought used for slavery...  And, incidentally, the similar legal underpinnings of both slavery rights and abortion rights, which I alluded to in this post.
I went back to your original post and I don't get it, sorry. Could you briefly elaborate, please, about the legal underpinnings that suggest a connection between Roe v. Wade and the slavery decision?  I am interested in understanding your point. Even so, I don't see how this relates to the original post of this thread that doesn't seem to make a very convincing connection slavery and abortion.  Perhaps I will make the case in a new thread later. My suggestion in this thread was merely meant to say that the constitutional right to abortion in Roe v. Wade was derived in the same fashion that the constitutional right to slavery was derived in Dred Scott v. Sandford. It would be a further suggestion of mine that if one is wrong, the other by logical necessity is also wrong.  It is common to hear everyone allude to argue that their position is required by a respect for fundamental human rights. It has happened even in this very thread. And, as I have indicated, I am trying to figure out what a human right is and why X should be considered a human right. And, that notwithstanding, in the United States it is Constitutional rights that command legal respect, and Constitutional rights do not necessarily entail all human rights. In essence, my basic concern on these forums (throughout all the treads I participate in, and in all the categories) is the examination of constitutional rights. At this stage, I am more concerned with who ought to decide abortion policy (or various other policies) in the United States than I am what that policy actually is/would/ought to be. I hope that makes a little sense.
And they have. The only reason you think a fetus is equatable to a human is because it is made of organic matter. What if there was a piece of cardboard in the mothers stomach? Its non-organic and is in the same mental state as an embryo (that is, no mental state). The only difference is the matter its made out of.I don't care about organic matter...I care about what something is not what it is made of. If a fetus is made of cardboard then it is still a person and still deserving of rights.  Thats not the point. The Pro-lifers advocate force, just like the slave advocates did. The pro-choicers advocate freedom and choice, just like the abolitionists.really? Choice? I never heard a abolitionists saying "you can choose to have a slave or not...haha. Furthermore, a slaver owner advocated freedom...why do you think they came up with the "states rights" XXXX to cover up their need for slavery? I choose freedom for all...not freedom for some, I can't say the same about the other side.  That logic can be applied to weeds or trees. Anything that is non-sentient, or non-mental existant. Should we make gardening illegal too? The thing is, you have no base for calling it a human being or giving it the same rights as us. no base for calling it a human being? Other than the fact that a fetus is scientifical a human being. Seems you have no basis for saying I can't call a fetus a human being.  Human beings are, by nature, sentient. That is what makes us different from wildlife. When that only difference is separated, then it should not share the same rights as you or me. Apes are sentient...guess your theory is out the window. Either that or Apes need to be freed from the zoo.  An accurate analogy would be someone who's brain was ripped out and was kept on life support. It would only be a body, no person inside of it. Same goes with an embryo. It simply cannot override the rights of its host.and a brain with no body kept on life support is only a brain...no person. If beg the question here. I deny that a level of intelligence is needed to deserve rights. I disagree that what you can do is a requirement..only what you are (that being a human).  Still, I quoted you as saying "a basic human fundamental right"...I am not sure what this right is or where it comes from or why it is fundamental or why it only applies to the humans you think it should apply to. Perhaps we should restrict it to only white folks again...after all, white folks are the only humans with white skin which makes them different from all other wildlife...right? emoticon_confused
What are the underlying reasons for that belief?   For me, the underlying reasons for most of my moral belief system are sympathy toward other human beings coupled with an idea that any moral rule needs to be universally applied in its intention. I think that most of us find slavery repulsive because we can sympathize with the suffering of the slave. That is certainly the case for me.  At a time when slavery was considered ok by most I still believe it was wrong. A majority does not determine what is moral in the absolute sense (although they do enforce it by law...but lets speak outside of that for now). The most basic belief is that others are to be treated with the same respect as myself. I don't think it gets more basic than that...unless you get into where my morals actually derive from.   On a side note, your idea that all people should be treated the same is a nice idea in general but all of us deviate from that when there are reasons to deviate from that. Criminals are treated in a worse fashion than others because there are reasons to take away certain rights from them because of their own behavior.Perhaps we have a different definition of equally.  Children and severely mentally incapacitated individuals have certain rights taken away from them for their own good - ex. the right to wander around where they please. By the way, this paragraph does not relate to abortion in that I am not saying that fetus' rights should be taken away because of any particular reason relating to what the fetus did. My view is that we give rights to people in the first place because we can relate to and empathize with people and would expect to have those same rights if we were in their shoes. This is an approach that necessitates a mental existence in the being in question.I disagree. I don't mean to imply that equality means we all get exactly the same stuff.
Yes, that makes a lot of sense. That is a topic (who/how decisions of abortion policy) that one can more reasonably argue than whether abortion is moral or not, though it takes more legal and constitutional law knowledge than (at least) I have. I do support a more pragmatic approach to this topic, along the lines of what do we actually need to do about this complex problem. Deciding what is a human or baby or what it feels or thinks is essentially an unanswerable issue. Interesting philosophical arguments to be sure, unless one wants to be dogmatic and insist their own is the only way to see things.   The other issue of what constitutes a "human right" legal or constitutionally (or even if such a thing exists in those domains) is also an interesting topic, that I had not considered until now.  Thanks for the clarification.  I think the constutionality of the issue is very important as well and perhaps we should make a topic on that. We have before but it always seems like the "abortion in the constitution" side dies...this is not to imply they gave up but normally the person arguing doesn't have a good grasp on constituitonal law and history. Sigma argues this sometimes but she doesn't have the time to post often...thus the argument dies right in the middle :(.   TheMoose, would you like Phyllis to start topic on this and perhaps you could learn more about the constitution? I might even learn a thing of two :)
Uh, I'm confused. I keep hearing "the right to abortion" being thrown around. There is no "right to abortion". There is, however, a "right to privacy" and that's what Roe v. Wade was about.    Though the right to privacy does have its limits.  The right to privacy (aka the right to abortion) was established in the griswold case...not roe. Futhermore, the section of roe you cited later was pretty much taken away by Casey....not only that, what the hell are the limits? No one seems to know.
 Let me also remind you that black people were sentient. Fetuses are not.   Ok, what about the black baby in the womb??
Because they don't know any better. Besides, how many unwanted pregnancies have you had? How many abortions? Notice that most anti-choicers are men, which exposes the true hypocrisy in this dogma of thinking.  None as a matter of fact.. Just so you know, i dont know where you get your facts from... but you have almost swayed me with your grand knowledge of this subject.. You should take this argument to cnn and tell them that they are in no need of polls anymore because you know all the answers and facts already.
Indeed, forcing a woman to carry a pregnancy against her will could be viewed as a temporary partial form of slavery (temporary = 9 months, partial = freedom of use of her body partly taken away, other freedoms mainly still existing). As you say, that is also a little weak. Comparing abortion to slavery is just a poor comparison to make overall.  Not really because ultimately, it was their choice to have sex.
Yeah them girls going and getting themselves raped and those other girls making their fathers and uncles and other relatives have sex with them, it's all their own faults, it was ultimately their choice to have sex. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_rolleyes :banghead  you are not too smart cause only 1 percent of abortions are a result of rape...
And what about the men that choose to have sex that results in an untimely or unwanted pregnancy? What is there consequence? Balls in a vice for nine months? Shall we legislate it?  Remember - I am not talking about parenting here.  they should first of all be married... then he could be a real man and be a dad.
First of all, you need to provide a source to show evidence for such a claim. Second of all, even if it is the 1 percent you claim, that one percent is exactly the reason we need to keep abortion legal.   1.3 million avg abortions a year 100000(if that) abortions due to rape. 1.2 million due to their first choice of being careless and having sex..  so you are sayin gthat 1.2 million babies should suffer at the expense of 20000 rape cases (if that a year)?   wow sounds like true justice and true freedom..
I was married and that a-hole was neither  However - I am not talking about parenting. I am asking what the biological consequence should be for men who choose to have sex?  first of all we should not look at pregnancy like it is a disease... because obviously it is natural..  second of all, parenting and kids go hand and hand so there is no seperating that in my mind, so my statment stands that the guy should be a real man and be the dad...... 50 years ago, i couldve made your same type of argument and said why dont women have to work and why do i have to work 15 hours a day so that she can eat? it all comes down to love... if you dont love the child, obviously you are going to hate the process.. but if you really love the child and the man... than you will do anything to help them out rather than what you feel.. a lesson in love 101  third of all, why are you so upset with the fact that a women gets to carry and bring into the world her own kid to go on and live their own life...?
Um, this is a source how exactly? If you think that this is a source that gives the statistics you claim, you are rathr delusional: you ould be pulling these numbers out of your arse for all we know. So kindly provide an actual source instead of evading, otherwise we can assume that your claims are unfounded, and dismiss them.  first of all, im very sorry that you have not been educated in high school about the statistics, but here you go... this is just one of thousands of sources on the internet that match these numbers... if you really want to see ... google it and find the credible websites.. i dont have time to post 50 for you.  http://www.abortionno.org/Resources/fastfacts.html  "UNITED STATES  Number of abortions per year: 1.37 Million (1996) Number of abortions per day: Approximately 3,700  Why women have abortions 1% of all abortions occur because of rape or incest; 6% of abortions occur because of potential health problems regarding either the mother or child, and 93% of all abortions occur for social reasons (i.e. the child is unwanted or inconvenient)."
First of all, we see how you resort to insults here.   i dont think i need to go back and repost things you have responded with as well.. i apologize and admit that i am human and you are too my friend..emoticon_xgood  but just letting you know that it is a tragedy that people dont know these facts off the top of their head. (in general, im not pointing my finger at you)
 And that 93% is exactly where every lifer loses all credibility with me. Until you stop trivializing real and important life circumstances of women and laying claim to what is or is not a mere convenience in the life of a stranger you will never do a damned thing to help this problem.  Going back to the topic of this thread.. this has finally gotten to my ultimate point.....  Slave traders didnt want to end slavery because they would be making it a hard circumstance on people who built their lives around slavery... Our society has fallen so much to the point that we are able to eliminate kids so that it makes us feel better and doesnt "hinder" our lives... when the whole point of the matter is that a human life is getting killed no matter how "inconvenient" the circumstance is...
I don't know anything about griswold or Casey. But calling the right to privacy the right to abortion is silly. Are you saying you'd rather not have a right to privacy? Please tell me what you look at on the internet at 2:00 am when no one's around. Please tell me the worst thing you ever did, and to whom. Please give me the intimate details (with first and last names) of your most recent sexual encounter. Privacy doesn't seem important to you, so I guess you won't mind telling me.;)  I misspoke here slightly...I meant the right to privacy is griswold case.....the right to abortion is pretty much an extension on "privacy" and was done in roe.   Secondly, I like privacy as much as the next person...that doesn't mean it is in the constitution though...at least as a blanket right.
first of all, im very sorry that you have not been educated in high school about the statistics, but here you go... this is just one of thousands of sources on the internet that match these numbers... if you really want to see ... google it and find the credible websites.. i dont have time to post 50 for you.  http://www.abortionno.org/Resources/fastfacts.html  "UNITED STATES  Number of abortions per year: 1.37 Million (1996) Number of abortions per day: Approximately 3,700  Why women have abortions 1% of all abortions occur because of rape or incest; 6% of abortions occur because of potential health problems regarding either the mother or child, and 93% of all abortions occur for social reasons (i.e. the child is unwanted or inconvenient)."  Don't you hate when people ask for sources and then don't even read it?! That is so annoying. But I definately agree with your source. Statistics have everything to do with what your agrument is about. I have read your link, and it is very accurate. I found not holes in it at all. Actually it is a national average. So it is a worthy source. Please allow me to add to your source, with ones of my own.  Since people still, after a source has been listed. Have doubt, allow me to presnt some more links in conjunction with VTCruiser's links.To fortify the stand. Since this too is my view.  Take a look at this source http://www.PregnantPause.org/numbers/index.html   Here you need to scroll down, and click on," why women abort". There you will see a chart of the reasons. This poll is taken from women who have aborted, and the numbers are from a worty source. Since they are taken from actual women, who have had an abortion. The numbers, match the ones that VTCruiser put up in his first link. 93% of abortions come from women who have social problems. Which in my mind, is not a valid reason for an abortion. BTW only 1.0% of the abortions were from incest, or rape.  Now getting to the point that alot of pro-choice people like to debate upon. They speak of it being cruel to make a woman carry a fetus, when she was raped. They think that this is a special reason why alot of women who have been raped, get abortions. They feel as if, when raped the majority of women have abortions. Well, despite what alot of pro-chioce people want to believe. Alot of women who have been raped do not want abortions. As a matter of fact, they resent any who say they should have one, because they were raped. But I don't want anyone to take my word for it. Lets see what the victims have to say about this.  http://www.lifenews.com/nat2566.html  I do believe the victims are speaking against the abortion of their fetuses, because of rape. And are even taking it to court, to have their voices heard. They are tired of being misrepresented.  Take a look at this. http://www.Amazon.com/victims-victors-Pregnancies-Abortion-Resulting/dp/0964895714  Now this is a book written from about 200 women. Who have been victims of rape. And who have either kept their babies, or regret killing them. Scroll down until you see book description. And read some of their comments on abortion because of rape.    What better source to go by then those who have been in the situation?! And I don't doubt that there are some out there who have been raped, and quickly want an abortion. But the majority don't. And like that old phrase says," The majority rules!"
Are you claiming that black women are being forced into abortion? If not, then how is "genocide" being committed if they themselves are choosing abortion?  By the way, the rates of abortion in whites vs blacks are similar to the rates of teenage pregnancy between whites and blacks. From http://www.teenpregnancy.org/america/statisticsDisplay.asp?ID=3&sID=20 , there is a roughly three times higher rate of teenage pregnancies among black women than among white women (153/1000 vs 55/1000). From http://www.abortionfacts.com/statistics/race.asp , the abortion rate for whites is 12/1000 while it is 31/1000 for black women. Note, the 1000 refers to 1000 women of child-bearing age (or 1000 teenage women in the case of teenage pregancy rates). Since there is a much higher rate of teenage pregnacny among black women, it makes sense that there would be a much higher rate of abortion among black women. So, the main question is "Why is there so much more teenage pregnancy among black women?". I would think that poverty is a main reason. African Americans started off poor because of the legacy of slavery and stayed poor for ages because of unbridled discrimination. The last few decades have produced enormous changes in laws and practices governing discrimination. Unfortunately for African Americans, just as they were gaining more freedoms from discrimination in law and practice, socio-economic changes in the US made it more difficult for anybody who was poor (black or white) to get into the middle class. However, I hope that more African Americans will be able to take more advantage of those opportunities that they do still have to advance to higher levels (in education, sports, etc.).  Ok, I'm going to have to question your statement as far as this post goes.  I really don't like the fact that you brought out, how African Americans, abort because of poverty, and low education. But white people abort for different reasons.  That is basicly what you said. I find that to be an insult. My cousin, was not poor, nor was she uneducated when she had her abortions. As well as my sister. I think that is some kind of rasist idea that alot of people like to keep as regards to black people. Because I never saw you pin a reason, on why white people abort. But in your mind its understandable. But WOE! To the uneducated black folks! Then you go on to state that black people should in fact take advantage of the higher education, and sports provided for them.  By that statement, it seems to me as if you're implying that black people don't take the oppurtunity to benefit ourselves. Need I remind you, that black people are leading in the sports world. And that there are thousands of black people who are taking advantage of higher learning.  And what is your advice for those who are white, who lead uneducated lives, and abort because of being poor. Believe it or not, there are alot in that situation. So don't you dare classify one race. And assume, they are uneducated, and poor. Thus they have abortions. Expecially since I see that with people of all races. It seems to me like you never took that into consideration.
No the majority does not rule in my personal choices that impact me and not them. This has got to be the most assinine thing I have heard yet today - and today has been hum-dinger.  If I can get the majority of the people here to agree that you should live the rest of your life locked inside of a closet eating nothing but brussel sprouts would you still feel that "majority should rule"?  Since you brought it up, you can answer that.   And I'm not talking about people judging what others should do. I'm talking about the fact that they said, rape victims have abortions because of rape. I'm attacking the statement. Not the fact of CHOICE.   Many have held true to the fact that women who have been raped, want their fetus abroted. I said the majority rules, in that, the majority of women who have been raped do not want abortions. So in the case of the statement, the majority rules, in rendering the false statement wrong.   And your wrong about the majority rules being the most assinine thing you heard today. When you wrote that example of people locking me up, and feeding me brussel sprouts was the most assinine thing written today. Its just sad you didn't notice it was. But people tend to result in these annoying little responses when there is nothing to be said about the sources provided.emoticon_rolleyes
"Choice without reference to the object of choice is morally empty." Abe Lincoln (paraphrased)
I won't deny that the numbers for rape/incest are probably low, or disagree with the figures because I don't know if they are correct or not -- though I would say that your link is for a pro-life website and the information given on it will certainly be swayed in that direction, especially, if you see the "abortion methods" page, the descriptions on which seem to just exist to disgust and most definately not educate correctly, especially as it describes each method as if it's being performed on a full grown baby. The statistics on that completely confused me, as it listed the "suction curretage" method as the most common for abortions. I'm not American, and they don't even offer this method at the NHS hospital in my area, so I wasn't even aware of this method. The only methods offered by my hospital were the medical abortion, (both in the first and early second trimester, different procedures) which appears to count for only 62 abortions in the whole of the US, and the surgical abortion (first trimester). If anyone knows, is this site actually correct with these figures? (completely off topic from the whole rape/incest debate I know)  Firstly, I don't know what procedure you are talking about on that site. Because I was only intrested in the numbers. Not some video, that I don't know whether it is fake or not. I don't pay attention to videos on the internet about abortions. Because I don't know their source, and if they were altered. Also, I don't go to sites with the purpose for the sites to lie, and use deception so that my point can seem right. I like my links to be accurate. I will say this. My numbers added up, to VTCuisers numbers. And his numbers were national average numbers. That shows that whether they come from a pro-life site or not. The numbers are correct. But if the site is what is throwing people off. I will provide numbers from other sources other then a pro-life site, to support my claim.     I've never been in that situation, but I believe that if I was raped I would almost certainly have an abortion. I don't really think it's appropriate to say the majority rules because if I was in that situation I wouldn't give a damn if every other rape victim in the world who became pregnant kept their baby, if I wanted to abort that would be my choice after such a horrific ordeal.  Again, I was not saying the majority rules, in the decision of what other women do with their bodies. I was proving a STATEMENT wrong. Does anyone get it now?! So I'm not saying you have no choice and others deterimne your choice. But the statement that the majority of raped women get abortions is wrong. Only a very few do. That is what I'm stating.
OK, I get it. I thought you were saying that because many, or a majority of rape victims (I am not convinced that this is true - nor do I really care) choose not to abort or regret their abortions, that those numbers mean they have the right to decide for the next victim. My mistake.  Yup! Sure was.   You really need to lighten up. The statement was intended to be ridiculous. I know you are bright enough to know that.  I know exactly what the example was supposed to be. But the example was uncalled for, and based on an assumption. And I don't take things like that lightly.    Actually I did respond a while back.  I'm not talking about a while back. I was refering to the sources I put up yesterday. Which you failed to mention yesterday.     "Social reasons", "convenience reasons" are all catchy little phrases that lifers use to demonize women faced with an unplanned pregnancy. What are these reasons, really, that make up that 93%? Jobs, money, education, safety, the ability to provide for oneself, drug addiction, being really young, being really scared - are ALL VALID REASONS. You can help to address them - or you can keep on trivializing them and saying that they (she) isn't good enough reason. Just because you do that doesn't mean she will. She has to and will address them, regardless of your preaching. Now what is your damned solution? If its criminalization or continued preaching - you aren't helping women or babies.  Well since you quoted yourself on this one. I don't know if you are responding to me or yourself. But I'll go ahead and respond to it. I know it was meant for me. I have already posted up reasons, for why it is not an excuse to abort based on the reasons above. In another thread. I even put up links, because this has been asked before. And I really don't feel like repeating myself. Also, if you are going to call me preachy, and trival, then why even respond to me?! Your statements will just be the same. To me that is boring.   Also, you still doubt information that is stated. Like in the case with the rape victims, you said, "you doubt it, nor do you care." I'm not getting mixed up in a debate with someone, who does not want to look at sources, and who calls people trival. Any information posted in a debate thread, is part of the debate, of course. So disregarding information, and saying you don't care. Is not a good debate. Sources are part of a debate, if you don't care. Then don't debate.  If you think I'm preachy, stop talking to me.  I have been raped and I know good and well I would abort it in a heartbeat.  Thats your choice. Not eveyone has to agree though.
I never mentioned the reasons why white women abort because, by and large, the reasons are pretty much the same as the reasons why black women abort. Your assumption that I thought otherwise was completely unfounded. Poverty is a major cause of both teenage pregnancy and choices of abortion for black AND white women. The poverty rate is higher for black women than for white women, so it thus makes sense that a higher number of black women will abort than will white women.  I want to see your sources for these precentages. Show me where it says that more black women have abortions then white women because of poverty. As far as you feeling as if poverty was the reason why both white and black women abort, you never specified that. You only mentioned black women as having abortions because of poverty. I don't think you're prejudice, I just think that the way you worded your last post was questionable.  In this reply, you are presumably referring to this statement of mine from my previous post "However, I hope that more African Americans will be able to take more advantage of those opportunities that they do still have to advance to higher levels (in education, sports, etc.)." I used the word "more" in two places in that sentence because that is what I see - some African Americans do take advantage of the opportunities in this society but I don't think that enough do. Do you, personally, think that enough African Americans are fully taking advantage of all of the opportunities that this society offers them? I certainly wouldn't say that about white people. Specifically, I openly claim that not enough poor white people are taking advantage of those opportunities offered them through education to reach into the middle classes. Indeed, I think that No people - black or white or Asian - take advantage of those opportunities sufficiently, which is part of the reason why this country is far back in its educational attainment compared to other developed countries. Education seems to be the best way for people to advance from a life of poverty to one of middle class status or higher. What is wrong in advocating that people, of any race, take more advantage of it?  I agree that ALL races should take more advantages of the opportunity to advance. But you did not generalize your statements. You classified them to one specific group of people. By making the statement that African Americans should take the opportunity to advance.   But only now are you generalizing your statement. Which tends to lead a reader, like me. To think you were only pin-pointing a certain group of people. Beings that you only said African Americans. You never pin-pointed another race. Which is misleading, if that was not what you meant to do.
The post that I wrote that you had originally responded to (post #23) was a post in which I responded to a claim that abortion was being used as a type of genocide (yes, that word was used) against African Americans (post #2). I thought that that claim was unjustified so I wrote my post to refute it. My post concentrated on the reasons why so many African American women abort because it was meant to refute the apparent claim that they abort because of society's intention to minimize the African American population. It is all a matter of context. Perhaps you did not see the context in which I wrote that post.   Speaking about race in general can be a tricky issue since it is such a sensitive topic that people can easily jump to conclusions. That is why it is important to hear the person out. Yes, my arguements were not a general discussion about the reasons why all races abort but specifically concentrated on why black women abort. I still think those arguements make sense in the context of the post that I was responding to but I realize that, if you read it on its own out of context, the fact that it did not address other races could be taken the wrong way. I just don't know if that could have been avoided without going into a very long winded post.   Yes, race is a sensitive subject. But I see that your intentions were not to demean the black race. So I apologise for jumping to conclusions. Those situations are of real concern not only to black, but to alot of people today. The way the economy is people tend to get more abortions. Not that I think its right.
My experiences with you thus far is that you take little lightly. I use sarcasm to its full benefit. I'm here for fun more than anything.  I take what needs to be taken lightly, lightly. If it does not need to be taken lightly, I won't. And the fact that I'm still replying to you, shows that I don't really take your sarcasim seriously. People who I really can't stand, I just don't reply to at all. I know it sounds mean. Hey! What can I say?! No ones perfect.     Your sources say the same thing that VTs did and I am not arguing about those stats. I am well aware that few abortions are performed due to rape or critical health conditions. My arguments are with whether rape/critical health conditions are the only valid reasons to abort and with the clumping of millions of women's life experiences into "social" or "convenience" categories.  You may not have said anything about being concerned about stats. But others were asking about it. So I gave proof. Plus proof in certain debates, is really what is needed.   I am not here to entertain you.  I never said you were. I come on here to enjoy myself. So I'm finding entertainment for myself. It is up to me to respond to people who I think will give me a good debate. The fact that I said some of what you do is boring, is so that you will know why you're being ignored when you write some of the stuff that I don't feel like responding to. Because for me its probably either boring, or something that you tend to drag out for days, and I really don't feel like hearing it. Not that you care, nor do I. I'm just setting the facts straight. I don't need anyone to entertain me. I will find entertainment for myself, thank you.    I am curious as to your goal here. Is it to attempt to reduce abortion or are you just here to state your opinion and attempt to change minds? If it is the latter - preaching is fine, if it is the former - you aren't really going to help. YOU may not think me having to stop working and potentially lose my home or not being able to care for my son aren't good enough reasons to abort - but I may. And if I am the one who is pregnant I will do what I must. You can join me in attempting to find a solution or you can preach. Which do you think will work in stopping the abortion?  First of all, I'm on here to state my views on the matter. Not tell anyone else how they should live their lives. I'm making a stand, sticking to it. And giving proof why I stick to it. What others do is their business. But I'm speaking against it. So my goal is to voice my opinion.  Second of all, how in the world can you say that you are pro-choice, but then say you want to find a solution to abortion?! You feel as if abortion should be avilable. So why is it your trying to solve the problem?! I thought pro-choice people did not view abortion as a problem that needed a solution. So where do you stand on this?!    You finding one sight of raped women who regret having aborted does not indocate a majority of anything. And I really wouldn't care if you did. I am not arguing that. I never claimed anything about what raped woman want or will prefer. I just want them to have choice. I want me to.  It was not a site with women who regret having abortions. It was rape victims/incest victims who WILL not have an abortion due to the violent actions takern against them. Also they do make up the majority, because those women are in large numbers trying to get a constitution made, so that they can have their voices heard.   It has nothing to do with what you want to do with your body. Instead it has everything to do with dispelling the misinformed fact that alot of pro-choice people like to lean on. And that is the statement that rape victims/incest victims want abortions. Because that is simply not true. Out of the 1% that get raped, only a fraction, want a abortion. So that is my purose of that link. And that is a claim I see alot.   Also, I did not need to post up various links. When that one link surfficed with what I was trying to say.     Careful how you condemn - you are being hypocritical again. May I remind you that when I attempted to show you what the world's leading health organizations had to say about gay parenting / gay marriage and what several children of gay parents had to say about their parents you flatly refused to visit the information.  First of all, I don't condemn people. I state my own views, backed up with sources. So using condemn in this sense is a misuse of the word.  And who said that I did not take a look at the sources  taht you provided?! Do you know that for sure?! I just did not agree. But that does not mean I didn't look at them.  No.  Thats obvious. You wont leave me alone. You followed me out of the gay marriage thread, and are now bugging me in this thread. Your puropose is?! Maybe to annoy me to death?!
 "Social reasons", "convenience reasons" are all catchy little phrases that lifers use to demonize women faced with an unplanned pregnancy. What are these reasons, really, that make up that 93%? Jobs, money, education, safety, the ability to provide for oneself, drug addiction, being really young, being really scared - are ALL VALID REASONS.    Just my first thought when i read this is... this is exactly the same type of argument plantation owners used when they were challenged by abolitionists.
The post that I wrote that you had originally responded to (post #23) was a post in which I responded to a claim that abortion was being used as a type of genocide (yes, that word was used) against African Americans (post #2). I thought that that claim was unjustified so I wrote my post to refute it.   Well, when the founder of planned parenthood said "colored people are weeds, they should be destroyed", then it seems to me that this is genocide... because the african american community has the highest abortion rates proportionally.  lets also look again at the real definition of genocide that i posted earlier in this thread...  just another fact as well posted by the Holocaust Museum in D.C.'s website.  " [G]enocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such:  * Killing members of the group; * Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; * Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part;  * Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; * Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group."  Seems to me that the founder of planned parenthood is guilty of these crimes.
And do you have any evidence to show that PP was infact forcing Blacks to undergo abortions?  oh wait, you're VT cruiser, you don't have evidence.  How is offering a service on demand, a CONSUMER'S demand genocide?   I do find it amusing that the allegedly solid belief in capitalism by social conservatives is completely ignored when it comes to personal choices with one's body.   The freer the market, the freer the people.  What about the baby in the womb who doesnt have the choice to live?
Nice to see that you didn't bother responding to the points at hand.  It's a common PR tactic. Respond to the question you wanted to be asked, not the one that was actually asked.  well, i havent had time to read everything so hold down your horses..
I was talking about the specific post you quoted. I'm guessing you did read that one.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Sanger#Eugenics_and_euthanasia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Sanger#Eugenics_and_euthanasia
It is interesting to note that the very link which you presented to prove Margaret Sanger's comments against certain races specifically states that she did not choose one race over another. Quoting from the link which YOU supplied:  Obviously you forgot to read the 2nd post of this whole thread....
http://www.google.com/search?q=margaret+sanger+weeds&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a  http://www.pop.org/main.cfm?id=254&r1=15.00&r2=3.00&r3=0&r4=0&level=2&eid=261  http://www.gutenberg.org/etext/1689 (This is her book if you really wanna read it all)
Margaret Sanger: founder of planned parenthood wrote the following....     CHAPTER IV: The Fertility of the Feeble-Minded  What vesture have you woven for my year? O Man and Woman who have fashioned it Together, is it fine and clean and strong, Made in such reverence of holy joy, Of such unsullied substance, that your hearts Leap with glad awe to see it clothing me, The glory of whose nakedness you know?  "The Song of the Unborn" Amelia Josephine Burr  There is but one practical and feasible program in handling the great problem of the feeble-minded. That is, as the best authorities are agreed, to prevent the birth of those who would transmit imbecility to their descendants. Feeble-mindedness as investigations and statistics from every country indicate, is invariably associated with an abnormally high rate of fertility. Modern conditions of civilization, as we are continually being reminded, furnish the most favorable breeding-ground for the mental defective, the XXXXX, the imbecile. "We protect the members of a weak strain," says Davenport, "up to the period of reproduction, and then let them free upon the community, and encourage them to leave a large progeny of `feeble-minded': which in turn, protected from mortality and carefully nurtured up to the reproductive period, are again set free to reproduce, and so the stupid work goes on of preserving and increasing our socially unfit strains."  The philosophy of Birth Control points out that as long as civilized communities encourage unrestrained fecundity in the "normal" members of the population--always of course under the cloak of decency and morality--and penalize every attempt to introduce the principle of discrimination and responsibility in parenthood, they will be faced with the ever-increasing problem of feeble-mindedness, that fertile parent of degeneracy, crime, and pauperism. Small as the percentage of the imbecile and half-witted may seem in comparison with the normal members of the community, it should always be remembered that feeble-mindedness is not an unrelated expression of modern civilization. Its roots strike deep into the social fabric. Modern studies indicate that insanity, epilepsy, criminality, prostitution, pauperism, and mental defect, are all organically bound up together and that the least intelligent and the thoroughly degenerate classes in every community are the most prolific. Feeble-mindedness in one generation becomes pauperism or insanity in the next. There is every indication that feeble-mindedness in its protean forms is on the increase, that it has leaped the barriers, and that there is truly, as some of the scientific eugenists have pointed out, a feeble-minded peril to future generations--unless the feeble-minded are prevented from reproducing their kind. To meet this emergency is the immediate and peremptory duty of every State and of all communities.  The curious situation has come about that while our statesmen are busy upon their propaganda of "repopulation," and are encouraging the production of large families, they are ignoring the exigent problem of the elimination of the feeble-minded. In this, however, the politicians are at one with the traditions of a civilization which, with its charities and philanthropies, has propped up the defective and degenerate and relieved them of the burdens borne by the healthy sections of the community, thus enabling them more easily and more numerously to propagate their kind. "With the very highest motives," declares Dr. Walter E. Fernald, "modern philanthropic efforts often tend to foster and increase the growth of defect in the community.... The only feeble-minded persons who now receive any official consideration are those who have already become dependent or delinquent, many of whom have already become parents. We lock the barn-door after the horse is stolen. We now have state commissions for controlling the gipsy-moth and the boll weevil, the foot-and-mouth disease, and for protecting the shell-fish and wild game, but we have no commission which even attempts to modify or to control the vast moral and economic forces represented by the feeble-minded persons at large in the community."  How the feeble-minded and their always numerous progeny run the gamut of police, alms-houses, courts, penal institutions, "charities and corrections," tramp shelters, lying-in hospitals, and relief afforded by privately endowed religious and social agencies, is shown in any number of reports and studies of family histories. We find cases of feeble-mindedness and mental defect in the reports on infant mortality referred to in a previous chapter, as well as in other reports published by the United States government. Here is a typical case showing the astonishing ability to "increase and multiply," organically bound up with delinquency and defect of various types:  "The parents of a feeble-minded girl, twenty years of age, who was committed to the Kansas State Industrial Farm on a vagrancy charge, lived in a thickly populated Negro district which was reported by the police to be the headquarters for the criminal element of the surrounding State.... The mother married at fourteen, and her first child was born at fifteen. In rapid succession she gave birth to sixteen live-born children and had one miscarriage. The first child, a girl, married but separated from her husband.... The fourth, fifth and sixth, all girls, died in infancy or early childhood. The seventh, a girl, remarried after the death of her husband, from whom she had been separated. The eighth, a boy who early in life began to exhibit criminal tendencies, was in prison for highway robbery and burglary. The ninth, a girl, normal mentally, was in quarantine at the Kansas State Industrial Farm at the time this study was made; she had lived with a man as his common-law wife, and had also been arrested several times for soliciting. The tenth, a boy, was involved in several delinquencies when young and was sent to the detention-house but did not remain there long. The eleventh, a boy... at the age of seventeen was sentenced to the penitentiary for twenty years on a charge of first-degree robbery; after serving a portion of his time, he was paroled, and later was shot and killed in a fight. The twelfth, a boy, was at fifteen years of age implicated in a murder and sent to the industrial school, but escaped from there on a bicycle which he had stolen; at eighteen, he was shot and killed by a woman. The thirteenth child, feeble-minded, is the girl of the study. The fourteenth, a boy was considered by police to be the best member of the family; his mother reported him to be much slower mentally than his sister just mentioned; he had been arrested several times. Once, he was held in the detention-home and once sent to the State Industrial school; at other times, he was placed on probation. The fifteenth, a girl sixteen years old, has for a long time had a bad reputation. Subsequent to the commitment of her sister to the Kansas State Industrial Farm, she was arrested on a charge of vagrancy, found to by syphilitic, and quarantined in a state other than Kansas. At the time of her arrest, she stated that prostitution was her occupation. The last child was a boy of thirteen years whose history was not secured...."(1)  The notorious fecundity of feeble-minded women is emphasized in studies and investigations of the problem, coming from all countries. "The feeble-minded woman is twice as prolific as the normal one." Sir James Crichton-Browne speaks of the great numbers of feeble-minded girls, wholly unfit to become mothers, who return to the work-house year after year to bear children, "many of whom happily die, but some of whom survive to recruit our idiot establishments and to repeat their mothers' performances." Tredgold points out that the number of children born to the feeble-minded is abnormally high. Feeble-minded women "constitute a permanent menace to the race and one which becomes serious at a time when the decline of the birth-rate is... unmistakable." Dr. Tredgold points out that "the average number of children born in a family is four," whereas in these degenerate families, we find an average of 7.3 to each. Out of this total only a little more than ONE-THIRD--456 out of a total of 1,269 children--can be considered profitable members of the community, and that, be it remembered, at the parents' valuation.  Another significant point is the number of mentally defective children who survive. "Out of the total number of 526 mentally affected persons in the 150 families, there are 245 in the present generation--an unusually large survival."(2)  Speaking for Bradford, England, Dr. Helen U. Campbell touches another significant and interesting point usually neglected by the advocates of mothers' pensions, milk-stations, and maternity-education programs.  "We are also confronted with the problem of the actually mentally deficient, of the more or less feeble-minded, and the deranged, epileptic... or otherwise mentally abnormal mother," writes this authority. "The `bad mothering' of these cases is quite unimprovable at an infant welfare center, and a very definite if not relatively very large percentage of our infants are suffering severely as a result of dependence upon such `mothering."'(3)  Thus we are brought face to face with another problem of infant mortality. Are we to check the infant mortality rate among the feeble-minded and aid the unfortunate offspring to grow up, a menace to the civilized community even when not actually certifiable as mentally defective or not obviously imbecile?  Other figures and studies indicate the close relationship between feeble-mindedness and the spread of venereal scourges. We are informed that in Michigan, 75 per cent. of the prostitute class is infected with some form of venereal disease, and that 75 per cent. of the infected are mentally defective,--XXXXXX, imbeciles, or "border-line" cases most dangerous to the community at large. At least 25 per cent. of the inmates of our prisons, according to Dr. Fernald, are mentally defective and belong either to the feeble-minded or to the defective-delinquent class. Nearly 50 per cent. of the girls sent to reformatories are mental defectives. To-day, society treats feeble-minded or "defective delinquent" men or women as "criminals," sentences them to prison or reformatory for a "term," and then releases them at the expiration of their sentences. They are usually at liberty just long enough to reproduce their kind, and then they return again and again to prison. The truth of this statement is evident from the extremely large proportion in institutions of neglected and dependent children, who are the feeble-minded offspring of such feeble-minded parents.  Confronted with these shocking truths about the menace of feeble-mindedness to the race, a menace acute because of the unceasing and unrestrained fertility of such defectives, we are apt to become the victims of a "wild panic for instant action." There is no occasion for hysterical, ill-considered action, specialists tell us. They direct our attention to another phase of the problem, that of the so-called "good feeble-minded." We are informed that imbecility, in itself, is not synonymous with badness. If it is fostered in a "suitable environment," it may express itself in terms of good citizenship and useful occupation. It may thus be transmuted into a docile, tractable, and peaceable element of the community. The XXXXX and the feeble-minded, thus protected, so we are assured, may even marry some brighter member of the community, and thus lessen the chances of procreating another generation of imbeciles. We read further that some of our doctors believe that "in our social scale, there is a place for the good feeble-minded."  In such a reckless and thoughtless differentiation between the "bad" and the "good" feeble-minded, we find new evidence of the conventional middle-class bias that also finds expression among some of the eugenists. We do not object to feeble-mindedness simply because it leads to immorality and criminality; nor can we approve of it when it expresses itself in docility, submissiveness and obedience. We object because both are burdens and dangers to the intelligence of the community. As a matter of fact, there is sufficient evidence to lead us to believe that the so-called "borderline cases" are a greater menace than the out-and-out "defective delinquents" who can be supervised, controlled and prevented from procreating their kind. The advent of the Binet-Simon and similar psychological tests indicates that the mental defective who is glib and plausible, bright looking and attractive, but with a mental vision of seven, eight or nine years, may not merely lower the whole level of intelligence in a school or in a society, but may be encouraged by church and state to increase and multiply until he dominates and gives the prevailing "color"--culturally speaking--to an entire community.  The presence in the public schools of the mentally defective children of men and women who should never have been parents is a problem that is becoming more and more difficult, and is one of the chief reasons for lower educational standards. As one of the greatest living authorities on the subject, Dr. A. Tredgold, has pointed out,(4) this has created a destructive conflict of purpose. "In the case of children with a low intellectual capacity, much of the education at present provided is for all practical purposes a complete waste of time, money and patience.... On the other hand, for children of high intellectual capacity, our present system does not go far enough. I believe that much innate potentiality remains undeveloped, even amongst the working classes, owing to the absence of opportunity for higher education, to the disadvantage of the nation. In consequence of these fundamental differences, the catchword `equality of opportunity' is meaningless and mere claptrap in the absence of any equality to respond to such opportunity. What is wanted is not equality of opportunity, but education adapted to individual potentiality; and if the time and money now spent in the fruitless attempt to make silk-purses out of sows' ears, were devoted to the higher education of children of good natural capacity, it would contribute enormously to national efficiency."  In a much more complex manner than has been recognized even by students of this problem, the destiny and the progress of civilization and of human expression has been hindered and held back by this burden of the imbecile and the XXXXX. While we may admire the patience and the deep human sympathy with which the great specialists in feeble-mindedness have expressed the hope of drying up the sources of this evil or of rendering it harmless, we should not permit sympathy or sentimentality to blind us to the fact that health and vitality and human growth likewise need cultivation. "A LAISSER FAIRE policy," writes one investigator, "simply allows the social sore to spread. And a quasi LAISSER FAIRE policy wherein we allow the defective to commit crime and then interfere and imprison him, wherein we grant the defective the personal liberty to do as he pleases, until he pleases to descend to a plane of living below the animal level, and try to care for a few of his descendants who are so helpless that they can no longer exercise that personal liberty to do as they please,"--such a policy increases and multiplies the dangers of the over-fertile feeble-minded.(5)  The Mental Survey of the State of Oregon recently published by the United States Health Service, sets an excellent example and should be followed by every state in the Union and every civilized country as well. It is greatly to the credit of the Western State that it is one of the first officially to recognize the primary importance of this problem and to realize that facts, no matter how fatal to self-satisfaction, must be faced. This survey, authorized by the state legislature, and carried out by the University of Oregon, in collaboration with Dr. C. L. Carlisle of the Public Health service, aided by a large number of volunteers, shows that only a small percentage of mental defectives and XXXXXX are in the care of institutions. The rest are widely scattered and their condition unknown or neglected. They are docile and submissive, they do not attract attention to themselves as do the criminal delinquents and the insane. Nevertheless, it is estimated that they number no less than 75,000 men, women, and children, out of a total population of 783,000, or about ten per cent. Oregon, it is thought, is no exception to other states. Yet under our present conditions, these people are actually encouraged to increase and multiply and replenish the earth.  Concerning the importance of the Oregon survey, we may quote Surgeon General H. C. Cumming: "the prevention and correction of mental defectives is one of the great public health problems of to-day. It enters into many phases of our work and its influence continually crops up unexpectedly. For instance, work of the Public Health Service in connection with juvenile courts shows that a marked proportion of juvenile delinquency is traceable to some degree of mental deficiency in the offender. For years Public Health officials have concerned themselves only with the disorders of physical health; but now they are realizing the significance of mental health also. The work in Oregon constitutes the first state-wide survey which even begins to disclose the enormous drain on a state, caused by mental defects. One of the objects of the work was to obtain for the people of Oregon an idea of the problem that confronted them and the heavy annual loss, both economic and industrial, that it entailed. Another was to enable the legislators to devise a program that would stop much of the loss, restore to health and bring to lives of industrial usefulness, many of those now down and out, and above all, to save hundreds of children from growing up to lives of misery."  It will be interesting to see how many of our State Legislatures have the intelligence and the courage to follow in the footsteps of Oregon in this respect. Nothing could more effectually stimulate discussion, and awaken intelligence as to the extravagance and cost to the community of our present codes of traditional morality. But we should make sure in all such surveys, that mental defect is not concealed even in such dignified bodies as state legislatures and among those leaders who are urging men and women to reckless and irresponsible procreation.  I have touched upon these various aspects of the complex problem of the feeble-minded, and the menace of the XXXXX to human society, not merely for the purpose of reiterating that it is one of the greatest and most difficult social problems of modern times, demanding an immediate, stern and definite policy, but because it illustrates the actual harvest of reliance upon traditional morality, upon the biblical injunction to increase and multiply, a policy still taught by politician, priest and militarist. Motherhood has been held universally sacred; yet, as Bouchacourt pointed out, "to-day, the dregs of the human species, the blind, the deaf-mute, the degenerate, the nervous, the vicious, the idiotic, the imbecile, the cretins and the epileptics--are better protected than pregnant women." The syphilitic, the irresponsible, the feeble-minded are encouraged to breed unhindered, while all the powerful forces of tradition, of custom, or prejudice, have bolstered up the desperate effort to block the inevitable influence of true civilization in spreading the principles of independence, self-reliance, discrimination and foresight upon which the great practice of intelligent parenthood is based.  To-day we are confronted by the results of this official policy. There is no escaping it; there is no explaining it away. Surely it is an amazing and discouraging phenomenon that the very governments that have seen fit to interfere in practically every phase of the normal citizen's life, dare not attempt to restrain, either by force or persuasion, the XXXXX and the imbecile from producing his large family of feeble-minded offspring.  In my own experience, I recall vividly the case of a feeble-minded girl who every year, for a long period, received the expert attention of a great specialist in one of the best-known maternity hospitals of New York City. The great obstetrician, for the benefit of interns and medical students, performed each year a Caesarian operation upon this unfortunate creature to bring into the world her defective, and, in one case at least, her syphilitic, infant. "Nelly" was then sent to a special room and placed under the care of a day nurse and a night nurse, with extra and special nourishment provided. Each year she returned to the hospital. Such cases are not exceptions; any experienced doctor or nurse can recount similar stories. In the interest of medical science this practice may be justified. I am not criticising it from that point of view. I realize as well as the most conservative moralist that humanity requires that healthy members of the race should make certain sacrifices to preserve from death those unfortunates who are born with hereditary taints. But there is a point at which philanthropy may become positively dysgenic, when charity is converted into injustice to the self-supporting citizen, into positive injury to the future of the race. Such a point, it seems obvious, is reached when the incurably defective are permitted to procreate and thus increase their numbers.  The problem of the dependent, delinquent and defective elements in modern society, we must repeat, cannot be minimized because of their alleged small numerical proportion to the rest of the population. The proportion seems small only because we accustom ourselves to the habit of looking upon feeble-mindedness as a separate and distinct calamity to the race, as a chance phenomenon unrelated to the sexual and biological customs not only condoned but even encouraged by our so-called civilization. The actual dangers can only be fully realized when we have acquired definite information concerning the financial and cultural cost of these classes to the community, when we become fully cognizant of the burden of the imbecile upon the whole human race; when we see the funds that should be available for human development, for scientific, artistic and philosophic research, being diverted annually, by hundreds of millions of dollars, to the care and segregation of men, women, and children who never should have been born. The advocate of Birth Control realizes as well as all intelligent thinkers the dangers of interfering with personal liberty. Our whole philosophy is, in fact, based upon the fundamental assumption that man is a self-conscious, self-governing creature, that he should not be treated as a domestic animal; that he must be left free, at least within certain wide limits, to follow his own wishes in the matter of mating and in the procreation of children. Nor do we believe that the community could or should send to the lethal chamber the defective progeny resulting from irresponsible and unintelligent breeding.  But modern society, which has respected the personal liberty of the individual only in regard to the unrestricted and irresponsible bringing into the world of filth and poverty an overcrowding procession of infants foredoomed to death or hereditable disease, is now confronted with the problem of protecting itself and its future generations against the inevitable consequences of this long-practised policy of LAISSER-FAIRE.  The emergency problem of segregation and sterilization must be faced immediately. Every feeble-minded girl or woman of the hereditary type, especially of the XXXXX class, should be segregated during the reproductive period. Otherwise, she is almost certain to bear imbecile children, who in turn are just as certain to breed other defectives. The male defectives are no less dangerous. Segregation carried out for one or two generations would give us only partial control of the problem. Moreover, when we realize that each feeble-minded person is a potential source of an endless progeny of defect, we prefer the policy of immediate sterilization, of making sure that parenthood is absolutely prohibited to the feeble-minded.  This, I say, is an emergency measure. But how are we to prevent the repetition in the future of a new harvest of imbecility, the recurrence of new generations of XXXXXX and defectives, as the logical and inevitable consequence of the universal application of the traditional and widely approved command to increase and multiply?  At the present moment, we are offered three distinct and more or less mutually exclusive policies by which civilization may hope to protect itself and the generations of the future from the allied dangers of imbecility, defect and delinquency. No one can understand the necessity for Birth control education without a complete comprehension of the dangers, the inadequacies, or the limitations of the present attempts at control, or the proposed programs for social reconstruction and racial regeneration. It is, therefore, necessary to interpret and criticize the three programs offered to meet our emergency. These may be briefly summarized as follows:  (1) Philanthropy and Charity: This is the present and traditional method of meeting the problems of human defect and dependence, of poverty and delinquency. It is emotional, altruistic, at best ameliorative, aiming to meet the individual situation as it arises and presents itself. Its effect in practise is seldom, if ever, truly preventive. Concerned with symptoms, with the allaying of acute and catastrophic miseries, it cannot, if it would, strike at the radical causes of social misery. At its worst, it is sentimental and paternalistic.  (2) Marxian Socialism: This may be considered typical of many widely varying schemes of more or less revolutionary social reconstruction, emphasizing the primary importance of environment, education, equal opportunity, and health, in the elimination of the conditions (i. e. capitalistic control of industry) which have resulted in biological chaos and human waste. I shall attempt to show that the Marxian doctrine is both too limited, too superficial and too fragmentary in its basic analysis of human nature and in its program of revolutionary reconstruction.  (3) Eugenics: Eugenics seems to me to be valuable in its critical and diagnostic aspects, in emphasizing the danger of irresponsible and uncontrolled fertility of the "unfit" and the feeble-minded establishing a progressive unbalance in human society and lowering the birth-rate among the "fit." But in its so-called "constructive" aspect, in seeking to reestablish the dominance of healthy strain over the unhealthy, by urging an increased birth-rate among the fit, the Eugenists really offer nothing more farsighted than a "cradle competition" between the fit and the unfit. They suggest in very truth, that all intelligent and respectable parents should take as their example in this grave matter of child-bearing the most irresponsible elements in the community.  (1) United States Public Health Service: Psychiatric Studies of Delinquents. Reprint No. 598: pp. 64-65.  (2) The Problem of the Feeble-Minded: An Abstract of the Report of the Royal Commission on the Cure and Control of the Feeble-Minded, London: P. S. King & Son.  (3) Cf. Feeble-Minded in Ontario: Fourteenth Report for the year ending October 31st, 1919.  (4) Eugenics Review, Vol. XIII, p. 339 et seq.  (5) Dwellers in the Vale of Siddem: A True Story of the Social Aspect of Feeble-mindedness. By A. C. Rogers and Maud A. Merrill; Boston (1919).
If I remember correctly, slaves were sentient.  what about the baby inside the slave's womb?
Fair enough. Preach on.  I sure will.    I see unplanned pregnancy and all that leads to it as a problem. I am for all kinds pro-active and re-active measures. Abortion is a sad symptom of bigger issues. I do believe that it would be wonderful to reduce abortion - but I don't believe criminalization is the answer. And I do believe there are times when abortion may be necesary but only the woman pregnant can know that.  I also see it as a problem. But I know I'm strictly pro-life.   You do not support abortion, but do not seek to stop it either. To me that makes you pro-choice. You think its horrible and even wrong - but you aren't seeking to make choices for other people either.  I'm by no means pro-choice. I view potential of a fetus as more important, then the womans choice. People don't like it, but thats the way I feel. Also, you mentioned that you wwouldn't want to see abortion banned. Well I would not be oppossed to it if it happened. I would not mind if it was banned. I'm just not going to sit up here and keep pushing the issue. I don't care to make choices for others, but I'm not oppossed to seeing abortion banned.   I have always felt there is more middle ground between the pro-life and pro-choice movement than there is dissent - we all just spend too much time bickering to find it.  I do believe you're right.  For the record - most choicers don't think abortion is grand - it is a sad, hard thing a woman goes through. We just don't want it criminalized - made illegal.  I thought it was the other way around. I thought you guys did not mind aborion. I never knew that some of you didn't like abortion since you pro-choice people, are always arguing us pro-life people down as far as abortion goes.   In the end - choicers aren't saying that all rape victims want abortion anyway. They are just saying that they want all rape victims to have the choice.  Some of the statements that I've heard. Lead me to believe that pro-choice people felt as if rap/incest victims automaticly want abortions.   You did. You said point blank in the post that you wouldn't look at them.  I never said that. Because I did go to the links and look at the information.    Please - out from behind the ego. I have been posting here for a couple of years now - it has nothing to do with you.  Yeah right. So the next time you quote me, I should just look at it and say,"She must not be talking to me. This has nothing to do with me." I don't think so. It has everthing to do with me since you are talking to me. And you refused to stop talking to me. When I said you should stop, you said,"No." So your comments concerning me, do have something to do with me. How long you've been on this site however, does not.
I have went to the sites that VTCruiser provided And that woman does in fact say that black people are weeds and shoud be exterminated. If anyone wants to argue the fact that she did not say that. Even after seeng the site, then my guess is that you must share the same views. Because the woman clearly states that. Not only that, but she also promoted genocide within the black community by saying that more abortion clinics should be opened in black areas, to prevent black babies from being born. Anyone who could not see, that must either be blind. Or must be covering for her actions because they agree with them. It must be one way or the other since people are reading it, and still doubting she said it. Not to mention she was with the kkk.  The only weeds in the human race, are those who choose to hate. For which Margret was the very weed that she felt black people were. Because she was motivated by hatred.
But ity seems you are not interested in forcing that opinion into others actions - that no matter how you feel about the subject - you aren't going to make choices for other people.  No, I'm not intrestd in making choices for others. But the way I view potential is alot different from pro-choice. I believe they view a fetus as less important then a womans rights to her body.    Banning abortion is a bad idea. For one - it won't stop abortion. It will just give those who have fought to make it ilegal a chance to compliement themselves while pregnant women will continue to face real life issues with fewer safe choices.  Fewer life choices?! Care to explain that one?    I think most people don't find abortion a pleasant thing. We fight those who are pro-life because most would seek to criminalize abortion and that is something we do not want.  Us pro-lifers know whats best!! LOL *joke*    Our stance acknowledges that we don't know what women in these situations want. You don't either. Each woman's life is unique. The point is we aren't going to decide for them and we don't you (lifers) should either.  Well, I don't think anyone should tell people how to live their lives. I mean, you can tell them and they will still make the choies they want to make. So, why waste your breath? What I do is not tell them what to do, I just object to their choices, if I see otherwise.    I thought when I told you to check out the Colage site you said "no thanks."  Oh yeah! I remember now. I just said that to bug you.   Of course I am responding to you. I tend to post in the gay rights, abortion, and religion threads (and once in awhile other threads). I respond to the posts I wish to. Sometimes your's, sometimes others. I am not following you around. If you seriously don't want to debate me - put me on ignore.  No. Its too much fun arguing with you.
The right to abortion goes hand in hand with the right to privacy. The government can't regulate how big your pubes are, therefore they cannot strictly regulate abortion. Its really just common sense.  Reading back through this thread, I realized that I must have missed this post. I'm glad you posted it because although the post is ridiculous, it nevertheless has comedic value.  Can the government tell someone that they cannot beat their children, even if they choose to beat them only in the privacy of their own home?  And further than that, it is an obvious fact that just because something SHOULD be in the Constitution does not mean it actually IS in the Constitution.
Are you telling me that my pubes are sentient?  No. I am saying that there is no absolute and undefined right to privacy in the Constitution. This post was from way back, when there was some fringe discussion of Roe v. Wade.  I agree, however I am no constitutional expert.  I'm not sure why you are pointing out that you are not a constitutional expert. Surely you aren't suggesting that a constitutional expert could legitimately say that, even though X is not in the Constitution, it deserves to be in the Constitution, and therefore X is in the Constitution?
We were discussing how child abuse pertained to the right to privacy.  Correct. Since there is a right to privacy in the Constitution, then a person has the Constitutional right to beat their children so long as they only do so in the privacy of their home. Correct? Or consider another example: since there is a right to privacy in the Constitution, then a person has the Constitutional right to sell illegal drugs to minors so long as they only do so in the privacy of their own home. Correct?  The point I'm getting at is that there is no general right to privacy in the Constitution. There are specific protections which are written down in the document, and abortion is not one of those protections.  What? Didn't you say "just because the right to abortion isn't in the constitution, doesn't mean that it shouldn't be" or something like that. I don't know, just read what I was responding too and you'll understand it better.  Sort of (though I didn't say anything about abortion). Just because somebody believes that X SHOULD be in the Constitution does not mean that it actually IS in the Constitution. Just cutting to the chase (though I'm still a little confused by your response) we come to this statement: just because one thinks that the right to privacy (or abortion) SHOULD be in the Constitution does not mean that the right to privacy (or abortion) actually IS in the Constitution.
So VT I take by your failure to reply to this question directed at you several times that you admit your claim of PP as engaging in acts of Genocide was wrong?  Of course its genocide. They are participating in the slaughter of millions of unborn babies.
So VT I take by your failure to reply to this question directed at you several times that you admit your claim of PP as engaging in acts of Genocide was wrong?  i take by your redundant posts that you havent read the previous 20..
No, that's agecide, get your terms right. Genocide is a specific eliminate of a ethnicity. Every ethnicity has abortions, and no one is forcing them.   All PP is doing is offering a capitalistic service on demand. There is no mandatory abortions, no specific advertisments to one ethnicity over another. They are offering a market service in a market economy: how is that genocide?  Neither you nor VT have thought out your arguments.  Well, if you look at the statistics you will see....they are participating in genocide. The statistics show a grossly disproportionate amount of abortions among the black population when compared to the other races.   Also, genocide is an appropriate word when speaking of abortion in general because this deliberate slaughter is directed toward a particular group of people (the unborn).
Oh that darn market in providing services and goods for what people want! We must ban people from being able to choose what they want! We need a nanny state to tell people what they can and can't do with their time, their bodies and their money! Communism is the true answer here now isn't it?   If one group wants to do something more then another, that is their choice. Would you take action aganist a disporporte amount of one race buying one type of good or one service over another?   No. The entire idea of a free markets is IGNORED by religious social cons. Disgusting double standards.   Main Entry: geno&#183;cide Pronunciation: 'je-n&-"sId Function: noun : the deliberate and systematic destruction of a racial, political, or cultural group  Try again.   It is agecide as it targets a specific age group. Age is not a cultural, political (not when they can't vote) or cultural group.   Well, if you look at the statistics you will see....they (along with many others) are participating in a genocide. The statistics show a grossly disproportionate amount of abortions among the black population when compared to the other races.   Genocide is an appropriate term for abortion in general. Abortion targets a specific group of people and they are not targeted merely because of their age. They are targeted because of size, location, the inability to defend themselves, their potential burden to society, their lack of a certain degree of development.
It's ageicide in that the procedure being performed is specifically targeted to end the life of a specific age group,   How can this be in your view when you say that "fetuses" dont exist?? How can it be agecide if they arent an age yet?
Considering I never said that you're lying.  If you believe you're not a liar, please show me where I said fetuses don't exist. I dare you. In fact I dare you so much I have a little reward here: if you can prove I said fetuses don't exist I'll praise you as being right all of the time. emoticon_xgood     Well considering I never said what you fabricated, you're asking the wrong person. Perhaps you have confused me with someone else. Fetuses do exist. All existing cells have age. Since fetuses are at least several hundred billion cells, they must have age.  You are most likely thinking of Shooter who said that fetusus don't in the context of sentience and slaves.  so you think a fetus has sentience?
What always irked me is some of the most direhard capitalists are aganist abortion on demand in principle. Seems like a huge contridiction in their belief systems.   I can see being aganist such medical services (like organ selling) on the health threats to society without creating a contridiction in beliefs.  you meant to say murder on demand right?? oh ok...
 How can it be appropriate when it fails to meet the dictionary definition? Or is this another activity on Debateforums where we change definitions to suit our arguments?   Ageicide is by far a more accurate term.  Abortion is a specific procedure that targets a specific group of people who are not only united by and targeted because of their general age, but by many other factors. Yes, genocide is a good word for that.   If you look at the statistics of abortions among races you can conclude a genocide is occurring among the black population. Planned parenthood is a big participant in this.   Also, are you just making up terms off the top of your head? Is agecide in webster's?   What is your stance on abortion?
Moving the bar again VT to cope with your constant argumentive failures?  So you admit I never said what you said I said? I'll take that as apology and a admission you were quite wrong.   I believe once enough neutral connections have been established that sentience follows. How many is the minimum necessary however is another matter all together. But sentience is not a issue for me in the decision making. Whether something has sentience is not really that important. I eat meat. Cows, pigs, sheep and poltury are all senitent as they perceive, are aware and are conscious of sense impressions. I still eat them though.  no matter what you think about it... it still is a person... whether it has sentient or not..
Are you going to address my points or just contiune to produce tangents that are not related?  I have no problems with some collateral damage as it a part of war or the occasional civilian death. What makes you think I will care here?  oh so now that i see you dont agree with abortion... i have nothing further to talk about other than why do you think morally deciding to not let someone murder a child is infringing on choice?
Except it fails to meet any of the criteria of the definition. I asked you to show me where any of your criteria meet Webster's, I see you have failed to meet this very simple request. As you have failed to do so, we therefore must eject your claim that abortion is genocide on the grounds that is fails to meet the dictionary definition from the thread.  Changing definitions to suit arguments is a pathetic way of arguing.     -cide is a common suffix for killing. Age is obvious. Attach the two and you get killing of specific age. Not hard for those with educations.     Don't like it but people should be free to make their own decisions. I try to keep my beliefs consistant, unlike many people. I believe in the free market, restricting someone's ability to do what they want with this belief, especially on using a market service is a contridiction.   I'll get back to this tomorrow.   Furthermore, I don't like crime and I don't like welfare what about libraries?
It's not technically a child, furthermore I already explained why I support the right to have a abortion.  Abortion is a lesser evil to me then increased crime (especially violent) and increased welfare.  Is a reason you support abortion because overall it decreases crime and welfare?
Freakonomics  take a read. He argues that pools are more dangerous then guns among other things.  WRONG once again. avoiding my question.  Is a reason you support abortion because overall it decreases crime and welfare?
Uh....how am I wrong or is this your attempt to finally score a point aganist me? Btw you haven't proven me wrong anywhere so your again is quite wrong as well.  I pointed to a book that explains my point. How am I avoiding the question?  You make no sense.  You do remind of someone who's been beaten so badly and wanting a win that he's willing to throw out completely nonsense in the hopes something sticks.  dude, i was just being stupid and answering the post like you answer posts.. it was merely a mock... duh  but you still have yet to answer yes or no to my question. so you are avoiding it now.. and i dont want a referral to a book...   Is a reason YOU support abortion because overall it decreases crime and welfare? 
Most premature baby survivor:  http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20070219/hl_afp/ushealthbaby_070219205236
Most premature baby survivor:  http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20070219/hl_afp/ushealthbaby_070219205236  That is amazing. I find it crazy that this baby is much younger and smaller and far less developed than many of the babies that are aborted. Abortion is murder.
Yea, and so is gardening. Both are "murdering" living things. Both do not mentally exist. A strand of DNA is the only difference, which isn't very much.  So what do you think about the fact that this baby is much younger and smaller and far less developed than many of those who are aborted?  While this baby 21 week baby is living in one hospital room, down the hall a 22/23/24/25/26 ect week baby is being aborted because it was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Picture of this baby's feet -   http://www.drudgereport.com/pb.jpg
And? Ignoring your absurd claim that an embryo can choose its location, why does it matter. There is nobody living inside of the baby, it is not mentally existing. It would be the equivalent of chopping someone's head off and calling the body a person.  Speaking of chopping heads off...what would you say if the mother of this child, having delivered it at 22 weeks, decided she did not want to care for it anymore (or was really mad at it for coming so early), and therefore she wanted to chop its head off. What would you say of this scenario, considering that a fetus/child at 22 weeks does not possess the magic trump card of "mental existence"?
How much did it cost to bring this child to a point of viability outside the hospital?  And, are we, as a largely repulsively Republican pennypinching society, ready to expend the funds for every such birth?  Was this child white?  Would we spend a similar amount on a black child?  Are the monies where the mouths are?  This is the pro-choice worldview at its finest.  You're right. We should go ahead and throw every such child in the trash. They are too much of a burden on society at large. Come to think of it, most of the elderly are a burden on society much in the same way. Let's go ahead and off them too. And while we're on the topic, those folks sitting in wheelchairs really are burdensome on the pocketbook...  By the way, the child was black.
What does race have anything to do with it?! So the baby is less important because its black?!  The question was asked by simone, and I was being facetious in my post.
Nobody on the pro-choice side is arguing for killing a fetus once it is born as a baby (this being the official definition of baby) since there would be no reason for killing it. The rights of the woman over her own body would no longer be involved and it is those rights which pro-choice proponents wish to protect.  But I don't see how your position could hold the killing of that baby to be of any moral significance since you hold "mental existence" to be the trigger for moral significance. Perhaps you could explain this a little bit further.  The problem arises if you claim that, since this one premature baby was able to survive at 21 weeks, then no woman should be allowed to abort because the fetus MIGHT survive at 21 weeks. The reality of the situation is that, if such a law were introduced, then the great majority of women with unwanted pregnancies would still have to carry that pregnancy against their will since they or society could not afford for all of those unwanted pregnancies to result in premature birth at 21 weeks. So, we would be left with the same situation that we are currently faced with. Namely, do we value the woman's rights over her own body more or do we value the rights of that fetus (which is still in her body) at 21 weeks of development? Without a mental existence in that fetus, most of us on the pro-choice side would take the side of the woman in that case.  The current state of the law supposedly allows the government to prohibit abortion from the point of viability. Currently, that point is not far after this child was born. So, I don't really see what you are saying.  The real thing to notice in this story is what chloe has pointed out--a blaring inconsistency. In one room, this child was delivered at 22 weeks, and in a room down the hall a child at the same level of development (or greater level) could be aborted.
The problem arises if you claim that, since this one premature baby was able to survive at 21 weeks, then no woman should be allowed to abort because the fetus MIGHT survive at 21 weeks. The reality of the situation is that, if such a law were introduced, then the great majority of women with unwanted pregnancies would still have to carry that pregnancy against their will since they or society could not afford for all of those unwanted pregnancies to result in premature birth at 21 weeks. So, we would be left with the same situation that we are currently faced with. Namely, do we value the woman's rights over her own body more or do we value the rights of that fetus (which is still in her body) at 21 weeks of development? Without a mental existence in that fetus, most of us on the pro-choice side would take the side of the woman in that case. Although I may be wrong, I don't believe the point of this thread was to say there should be a law revolving around viability. I believe the point was to show the pointlessness and absurdity in viabilty arguments that some pro-choicers propagate.
The VAST majority of abortions occur within the first trimester. Abortions at 21 weeks and over are pretty rare.  While this is true, the number of abortions at or after 21 weeks is not insignificant. According to the Guttemacher Institute, 1.2% of abortions occur at or after 21 weeks. That translates into about 15,480 abortions. This thread, of course, is talking specifically about those 15,480 abortions.
Most doctors will not perform an abortion this late without threat to the mother.  Most doctors wont perform abortions.
2. Roe vs Wade uses that viability arguement in allowing states to outlaw abortion (exception for risks to a mother's health or life) once the fetus becomes viable. I am personally currently comfortable with that stance since it coincides fairly closely in time with my own critical criteria of the possible emergence of a mental existence - also roughly at the start of the third trimester. However, I agree with you that viability is not a strong arguement to use. For example, if someday artificial wombs would be developed which could sustain an embryo after, say, a few weeks, then do we call that embryo viable and prevent all women from having abortions at that stage? I would say no. Which is exactly why viability arguments hold no water.
As I have said in other threads, I do value the fetus prior to mental existence for its potential to grow into more but I place less value on that potential than I do on a woman's right to her own body. Take away the issue of the woman's right over her own body (as in this case, since the fetus is already born) and what you have left is the value of the potential of that fetus. That new baby is not hurting anyone so why kill it?  I gave some potential reasons. Perhaps the mother can't afford to keep it, or perhaps she is mad at the child for coming so early. There may not be a reason to kill it, but I'm wondering if you think it immoral if somebody did. And if so, do you think it immoral enough to charge the person who would do so as a murderer?  It is fairly close but my concern is that, if future technologies arise which might sustain an embryo after, say, a few weeks, then arguements would be presented that such an embryo would be viable and that abortions from that time on should be outlawed. My arguement is basically against the idea that viability = rights to life because it is not viability that I find critical but mental existence. I recognize that Roe vs Wade uses the viability arguement which is the one thing that I find personally wrong with Roe vs Wade. Otherwise, I don't have much problem with Roe vs Wade as it currently stands since currently the time of viability roughly corresponds to the time when mental existence could occur.  As I have said ad nauseum, the fact that one does not like the policy established by the Court in Roe v. Wade has nothing to do with its correctness (I.e., one should not approve/disapprove of a decision on the basis that it establishes an agreeable/disagreeable policy). The question of whether abortion IS protected by the Constitution has no relationship to the question of whether the Constitution SHOULD protect abortion. And quite clearly, the trimester framework was not protected by the Constitution.  The newborn premature baby at 22 weeks might be at the same developmental stage as an aborted fetus at 22 weeks, but what exactly is that stage and what characteristics did both possess? Neither possessed a mental existence at that stage. Just because the fetus is out of the womb doesn't mean that it mentally exists so any image you have of feelings, suffering, etc. of that newborn are just in your imagination. It may look like a baby as we normally think of one, but there is still "nobody home" yet - soon but not yet. Looks can therefore be deceiving.  I fear that you are leaning toward the position that this child, born at 22 weeks, is not a person, and therefore, it has no rights. Since there is "nobody home," I think your view cannot make a distinction between (to borrow Shooter's analogy), chopping this baby's head off on the one hand, and chopping down a weed with a weed eater on the other. I think this is the logical conclusion of your view, but you are free to correct me if I am wrong.  Perhaps I am missing your point, but I think you are thinking of that extremely premature newborn in the same way that you are thinking of a regular newborn and that you are sympathizing with that very premature newborn and attaching to it a personality where there is none. I may value it for its potential to grow into more, just as I value the same fetus still in the womb, but I know that it makes no scientific sense to think that there is "somebody home" at that stage - despite appearances.  I am indeed thinking of the premature baby as being equal to a baby born at the normal gestational term. But it is not because I sympathize with it. Just to be clear, I have significant reservations as having empathy as the standard for determining the morality of an action. But I have raised the questions I have because you adhere to this standard. I am prepared to say that the child born at 22 weeks has the same right to live as a child born at the normal stage. And the fact that I cannot see your position as allowing this, is one reason that I do not accept the empathy standard.
Update on baby and a picture with mother:  http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20070220/ap_on_re_us/tiny_baby
How much did it cost to bring this child to a point of viability outside the hospital?  And, are we, as a largely repulsively Republican pennypinching society, ready to expend the funds for every such birth?  Was this child white?  Would we spend a similar amount on a black child?  Are the monies where the mouths are?  How much money do we spend attempting to abort black children? 73% of Planned Parenthood clinics are in minority neighborhoods. Do the eugenics of Margaret Sanger and her institution persist? http://www.blackgenocide.org/planned.html  http://www.blackgenocide.org/black.html  http://www.blackgenocide.org/
What makes a weed an expendable life form but not a cat? What makes vegetarians eat apples and oranges, but not chickens and turkeys? You know that mental existence is the basis for all rights, no matter how much the anti-choicers deny it.  This, of course, is not the basis of rights in the United States. The basis of rights in the United States is declared in the Declaration of Independence.  Declaration of Independence:  We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  Now, you may not agree with the Declaration of Independence. But, the basis of rights in the United States is not mental existence.  That is highly unlikely.  No it is not. I have already said that about 15,480 abortions occur at or after 21 weeks.  But even if it really was unlikely, that fact alone would not remedy the contradiction.
What makes a weed an expendable life form but not a cat? What makes vegetarians eat apples and oranges, but not chickens and turkeys? You know that mental existence is the basis for all rights, no matter how much the anti-choicers deny it.  Just curious, would you find anything wrong if someone wanted to eat any, to use your term, "not sentient" creature?
No, not "any". Even non-sentient creatures mentally exist. An example: A cat mentally exists, a door nob doesn't.  I mean, I don't think its right to go around eating babies, who are non sentient. I also do not believe it is right to eat an animal if it belongs to someone else. However, we, by nature, are not a cannabalistic species. We are omnivores though, therefore it would be OK to eat deer but not babies.  Seems kind of inconsistent with what you have been saying. Why do you believe that this wrong?   What is it that makes it ok in your opinion for us to kill our young but not eat them? After all just weeds right?
And how does the DOI distribute rights? What gives me more rights than my cat?  The basis of rights in the United States is expressed in the Declaration of Independence. According to the Declaration, you have more rights than your cat because you were given them by the Creator, and your cat was not. That is really not the point, however. You said the basis of rights is sentience. My only point is that you are not correct, and that has been affirmed multiple times in the nation's history.  And what is the percentage? I've heard that 95% of abortions occur in the embryo stage, or something around that.  Why does the percentage matter? It turns out that 1.2% of the 1.2 million abortions occur at or after 21 weeks. That translates into 15,480. That is not an insignificant number. I feel like you are avoiding the issue.   I fail to see how the fact that "only" 15,480 abortions (again, not an insignificant number) occur at or after 21 weeks remedies the contradiction that this child, born at 22 weeks, has its right to life guaranteed by law, while an equally (or even further) developed child's life can be terminated in the next hospital room.
I would not call it murder until there is a mental existence involved since I do not believe that a person exists until a mental existence starts. Would I personally consider it immoral to kill it un-necessarily - yes, but to a much lesser extent than it would be to kill it once it had mental existence. The reasons that you stated for her to kill the newborn are not compelling reasons since she has other choices that do not impose on her own valued rights as a person (ex. her right to her own body).  Ok, what consequences (if any) would you propose the mother receive if she were to walk into the room and kill that baby at 22 weeks?
I have no skill in determining any specific punishments - I leave that up to judges, assuming that their motivation is not one of vengeance (the vengeance motivation being an issue under discussion in the Crimes forum refering to the death penalty). I have no idea - probably some jail time but I wouldn't put it above a few years.  So what do you think, maybe as this child increases in years and value to society that the years of punishment for the perpetrator goes up proportionally? And then maybe around 40 when they (child) start going down the hill so to speak that the years of punishment start falling back down again?
Um...the basis of rights is actually codified in our Constitution, not in the Declaration of Independence. The Declaration of Independence was simply a document telling the English monarchy that we no longer want to be under their control, and outlining the reasons why not.  No, the Constitution primarily establishes the processes by which government will operate, and secondarily declares what some of our rights are. The Declaration of independence provides the basis for the existence of rights. The view that rights are given by God and not by men was the prevailing thought when the Constitution was ratified, and for many years after that.  As for the Constitution, it never clearly stated whether those rights begin pre-birth or afterwards since it never gave completely clear outlines of who gets these rights. Considering that, for nearly the first hundred years of its use, blacks were not considered as worthy of these rights, I seriously doubt that the framers of the Constitution had the picture in mind which encompased all human life - from zygote on. Also, there were many abortions done during colonial times which continued afterward. Indeed, there were apparently no laws regarding abortion until the 1820s and most states afterwards allowed for abortion within the first four months (see http://womenshistory.about.com/od/abortionuslegal/a/abortion.htm ) The movement against abortion at all stages happened much later in our history. That is another indication that the Constitution was not originally intended to protect the rights of zygotes.  I have never claimed that the Constitution was intended to protect the unborn from the point of conception. I have questioned, however, whether the Constitution intended to give a woman a right to terminate the pregnancy. Your review of history confirms one thing: that until 1973 nobody thought that abortion was a Constitutional right. Hence, it was a policy issue addressed by state legislatures, which incidentally allows the law to keep up with scientific knowledge.
Assuming that we are talking about what rights we LEGALLY have, it is the Constitution that is critical. To my knowledge, the Declaration of Independence has no legal power. We admire it, just like we might admire certain passages of the Bible, or Lincoln's Gettysburg address, etc. but it has no legal standing.   Again, I never said that the Declaration of Independence has legal force. What I have said is it demonstrates the basis of rights (that is, the justification for the existence of rights) in the American tradition. That basis is the Creator. I am merely trying to point out to Shooter that "mental existence" is not the basis of rights.  I think you would have to agree with this as well, because even if the Constitution is the basis of our rights (rather then just declaring what rights have been recognized), it could be amended to afford rights to trees. Therefore, mental existence is not the basis of rights.  Until 1900, there was no question of the woman's right to an abortion in the first four months of pregancy. Once this issue came up, then the debate must have grown about what the Constitution would have intended and there are obvious differences in interpretation of that Constitution.  Pulling specific rights out of general provisions of the Constitution seems to me to be, in the very least, hard to justify, and at worst, illegitimate.   For example, the due process provision of the 14th Amendment says that a person shall not be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. It seems hard to justify that the due process provisions in the Constitution establish specific rights which cannot be revoked even with due process of law. Such an interpretation contradicts the text itself, and it is precisely this view of due process that was used in Roe.  People have been apparently grappling for ages with the question of when we begin our real lives. It used to spoken of in religious terms - i.e. when the soul enters the body - which varied from conception through quickening at various points in history. The various legislative and court decisions on abortion reflect some of those differences in thought as these views changed when more scientific data showed itself.  I can agree with you here. However, the point I would make is that a legislature is better able and equipped to keep society up to date than a judiciary is.
Nobody on the pro-choice side is arguing for killing a fetus once it is born as a baby (this being the official definition of baby) since there would be no reason for killing it. The rights of the woman over her own body would no longer be involved and it is those rights which pro-choice proponents wish to protect. wait a second. Are you saying this baby has every right as you and I because it is born? This standard is getting ever complicated. Now we have rights dependent on location, development, and on other people in general. This is getting cfazy.  Namely, do we value the woman's rights over her own body more or do we value the rights of that fetus (which is still in her body) at 21 weeks of development? Without a mental existence in that fetus, most of us on the pro-choice side would take the side of the woman in that case.So is the born baby in the news story not a person yet?
If you are not claiming that the Declaration of Independence is the basis of legal rights than why should we even care what the Declaration of Independence says about this? Outside of legal rights, all we have is a wide range of opinions of a wide variety of people.  The Declaration of Independence just represents the opinions of the people writing it. We may admire that document for various reasons - mainly since it so elloquently criticized tyranical systems and spelled out that we do have rights as people. You are the first person I have ever encountered who tried to use it in the abortion debate - a real distortion and blind extrapolation of its meaning. Fine - distort away - but (1) I place little validity in such a blind extrapolation and (2) either way it doesn't matter since the Declaration of Independence is only a document about independence from tyranny - not a universal moral authority about all matters.  Good grief. Please read this carefully. Rights need to have a moral justification. The Declaration of Independence asserts the American tradition's moral justification for rights. We need a basis to declare X to be a right. You can call this a distortion if you like, but it is historical fact.  What basis did Abraham Lincoln use as his justification to extend Constitutional rights to blacks? He could not use the existing Constitution because it quite clearly did not extend Constitutional rights to blacks. Lincoln used the theory of rights set forth in the Constitution to claim that blacks SHOULD have Constitutional rights.  Legislatures can make laws based on a simple majority. Often - indeed far too often - the elected officials are not particularly intelligent people who are not well read in the background of the laws that they vote on and simply vote for political expediency. That is why the codification of rights in the Consitution is so important and the interpretation of those rights. Since the Constitution is apparently often not an easy document to interpret, especially given changes in scientific understanding and new situations that challenge the interpretation, there arise disputes as to which interpretation is the right one. Like I said before, I have no personal interest in discussing such differences since (1) such details of legal theory simply bore me and (2) nothing we say will make a difference anyway - our power is in our vote.  Either way, I would rather place the ultimate say in the hands of judges who are well educated and relatively free from political pressures and corruption than I would in legislatures who are at the whim of uninformed popular whims as well as corrupting money interests. Yes, Democracy should to some extent swing according to popular whims but that swing should be restrained by the limits of the Constitution, as determined by well-educated justices whose various stances are based on far more informed reasoning. That is how things stand and I am relatively sattisfied with that structure (though not always sattisfied with its implementation).  I am not interested in arguments that render democracy meaningless. I am not interested in having the elitists govern society. I am not interested in any argument that suggests that the people have no right to govern themselves. This is such an argument.
I am not saying that the baby has rights as you and me. However, I think that, once it is out of the womb, the state can claim a right to protect that life because of its potential to become a person and, critically, because the protection of that life would, at that point, not violate the critical right of any actual person. Remember, in the abortion debate, the main motivation of pro-choice proponents is protection of the mother's rights over her own body. A right I deny exists (and as do you when this "being" is defined as a person by you). So to clarify, if someone were to kill this born baby then a person has not been killed and it would be as morally wrong (towards the baby that is) as if someone punched the mother and caused a miscarriage. I assume a punishment would that of killing a dog or something.  Though it may sounds strange to you - no, it is not a person yet, just like the frozen embryos out of the womb are not people. In my view, it is not a person until it gains mental existence.   This is a situation where looks deceive us since what we see is a tiny version of a baby out of the womb so we might psychologically attach the same type of characteristics to it as we attach to a normal baby. If we do that, then we are fooling ourselves since there is one very important characteristic missing from that 22 week old - mental existence. We may think that we are looking at a person - mental existence at all - but all we are looking at, at that stage, is a living body.   I can understand the emotional reaction that people would have to that 22 week old and I would probably have it to. But, where laws are concerned, we cannot go by gut reactions alone, we have to analyze the situation to see what is really happening. That 22 week old is still just a body without a mind at that stage. I think it has a value because it will soon become a real person - mind and all, but it doesn't automatically become a person by being out of the womb. Embryos from in-vitro fertilization are not automatically people because they are out of the womb. The 22 week old is simply MUCH closer to the critical stage than is an embryo out of the womb so I would place more value in it, but certainly less than in one that already mentally existed.I don't think mental existence is a requirement as it makes no sense to be one.   Anyway, lets go over this evolving standard of when a baby/fetus/embryo/being/human/person or whatever actually has rights as you and I:  First we look at the "being" and decide if this undefined term "mental existence" exists. If yes then we assume this to be a person and the mother has no right to kill another person. If no then the mother may still have the right to kill this "being" (by the way..only the mother? what happens if someone else kills it...car accident for example?). So now we look at whether or not the burden of the "being" is too great and overwhelms the so called "right" to ones own body. At this point we accept this to be a human being I suppose since there is an admission of something imposing on another. But this human being is only a "potential person" which means the rights are limited to some unknown list of pre-person rights of which life is not one of them absolutely. So now we look to location to determine if this "right to life" exists or not. If the location is in the womb then the burden is deemed to be too high...I guess due to discomfort and other various things. Even here, only one person has the right to terminate as I suppose this pre-person is property of the mother? However, if outside the womb then pre-persons rights have somehow changed since the burdens once had by the mother are now gone (although new ones might exist). So pre-person's rights are not really rights naturally had but rather rights granted by the mother. We therefore can have a 21wk old baby outside the womb whom no one (including the mother) can kill because pre-persons outside the womb have different rights from pre-persons inside the womb.   This is getting way to confusing. Rights are granted based upon location, development and are given by the mother.
There were many discussions and documents on rights. The Declaration of Independence was just one document mentioning rights. There were many discussions outlined in the Federalist Papers which also explored rights. You are the first person that I have ever heard claim that the Declaration of Independence as the one core document to go to when questioning rights. It is an inspiring document, to be sure, because of the tyranny that it contradicted and because it is our first proclamation as a separate nation. That is why it is often quoted. However, I see no validity to your claim that it forms the basis on which our legal rights are based. And again, if you are not claiming that it forms any basis to legal rights, then why should we care? It would then just represent yet another opinion.  Let's recap. Shooter told me that I knew the basis of rights is "mental existence." My only point is that he is wrong. I am in no mood to discuss the Declaration or prevailing views at the founding with you further because they are not important to my point. And besides that, you don't seem interested and you don't seem like you care.  So, "mental existence" is not the basis of our rights. That is my point, and it is correct.  The system that I described is precisely the system that we have - well educated justices interpreting the Constitution, which sets limits to the laws which the people's representatives can introduce. If our founders put full trust in the people's wisdom, then there would never have been sections of the Constitution dealing with rights. Indeed, I have heard that one of the reasons that the Bill of Rights was introduced was that some founders did have trust that the people would never vote out those rights so they left such a list of rights out of the Constitution but Thomas Jefferson thought it safer to codify them so he introduced the Bill of Rights (first 10 Amendments). I, for one, am very glad that many of our rights are thus codified in the Constitution - especially during these times of the so-called War on Terrorism, when more of these rights might come into jeopardy. If you think it is elitist to protect the people from themselves in having rights outlined in a Constitution, then you seem to be against the very structure of our government.  I have no quarrel with having rights specified in the Constitution. What I object to is investing the power in a court to draw specific rights out of general provisions. This interpretation, as I said earlier, blatantly violates the text itself.
Well, neither I nor Shooter nor anyone else can claim that mental existence is a criteria for rights in some absolute moral stance that everyone should follow because it is the only right one. Mental existence is the critical criteria for the moral stance that we and many others (possibly most) follow. You have other criteria since you have another moral stance.  You are confusing me. Either you believe that the Constitution is the basis for rights (which I happen to think is a silly statement), or "mental existence" is the basis of rights. Which is it?  The conflict comes in when one group tries to impose its morality on another group (usually in the form of the far right imposing its morality on everyone else). Then, that group has to give very sound reasons for that morality and those reasons cannot be based on religion alone if they are to be put into law. Ultimately, even if both sides base their arguements on sound non-religious reasons, then we still might not agree and ultimately the law is decided by a combination of popular vote and Constitutional safeguards.  There is nothing unconstitutional, generally speaking, about a majority imposing its moral views on a minority. So long as the majority enact their view according to the appropriate procedures (which includes not violating a constitutional provision), they have acted legitimately.
Using the criteria of "mental existence"--a term I have yet to be seen defined (I have not read this entire thread so maybe it has been defined and please let me know if it has)--is troubling to me. I can imagine people outside of the womb who may be considered to not have a mental existence. Are these people open to termination as well?
What people do you have in mind? The only humans outside of the womb without a mental existence that I know of are the embryos left over from in-vitro fertilization and that 22 week old prematurely born baby that started this thread. Besides, nobody here (I think) is claiming that any human - with or without mental existence - should be terminated if it is outside of the womb.  Mental existence, to me (and I coined the term in this forum), means that we have the very beginnings of mind - be it only a sense of self, or rudimentary emotions, thoughts, etc. - either conscious or subconscious. This cannot happen until the cerebral cortex starts to function (which needs neural interconnections, etc.) - sometime around the beginning of the third trimester. Someone in a coma has no sense of self, emotions, thoughts, etc. Based on this definition, these people can legitimately be killed. This is why using "mental existence" to determine when it is acceptable or not to have an abortion is highly problematic at best and, in my mind, illegitemate.
My understanding of comas is that there is still brain activity in the cerebral cortex indicative of some mental processes - subconscious ones. Just because a person is not conscious does not mean that there is no longer some level of mind still at work there. Indeed, there are people who recover from comas and recount various mental dream-like experiences which they had while in coma. Bottom line - people in comas still have mental existences just not conscious and not particularly active. For many, it is like being in a very deep sleep. My point is, you're walking a very fine line with the use of "mental existence" as the criterion for whether or not it is moral to kill someone.  Come to think of it, why is this your criterion?
 No, not "any". Even non-sentient creatures mentally exist. An example: A cat mentally exists, a door nob doesn't.  I mean, I don't think its right to go around eating babies, who are non sentient. I also do not believe it is right to eat an animal if it belongs to someone else. However, we, by nature, are not a cannabalistic species. We are omnivores though, therefore it would be OK to eat deer but not babies.    Seems kind of inconsistent with what you have been saying. Why do you believe that this wrong?   What is it that makes it ok in your opinion for us to kill our young but not eat them? After all just weeds right?   ....Bueller......Bueller.....Bueller?....
Well if sentience isn't the basis for rights, then what is?  I am in no mood to sail back over waters previously traveled. I would instead suggest that you read back over the exchange between Another Opinion and myself beginning at post #47, and running through post #65. If, after reading through that exchange, you still have questions, I would be happy to address them at that point.  I think you're dancing around the facts. 1.2% is a very small number, let me remind you.  No, I'm not dancing around that fact. I just refuse to say that 15,500 abortions at 21 weeks or after is an insignificant number, something you can't seem to agree with.  An inanimate object, or a non-sentient being does not share the same rights as us. Period.  Ok, so you have joined the club that says that killing this baby at 22 weeks is of very little consequence. I find that extreme, and I think that most people would too.
This is my criteria since I view mental existence as the core of what we are as people. My moral stance is based on empathy toward others with an approach to treat others as I would have myself be treated. You cannot have empathy toward living entities without mental existence. I do not think we acquire rights until we mentally exist - at which point we have the minimum of what I view as people with rights. This is a bit circular. You are basically saying that you believe in mental existence as the criterion for having empathy because you believe existence is the criterion for having empathy.  I'm not saying you're wrong or right to say that mental existence should be the criterion, I just want to know what your reasoning is.
Tell me one person that would like to eat an embryo. I don't think that thats a probable situation. And embryos are not really our young. They are almost our young. I mean technically, they are fertilized eggs, but human children posses mental existance, its just their nature. That is a characteristic of all human beings, its in our DNA.  So you wouldn't see anything wrong with it?
That is a characteristic of all human beings, its in our DNA.Funny you should mention DNA. You know what else has a unique set yet still human DNA?
I mentioned in my first sentence of my post that I view mental existence as the core of what we are as people. That is the basis around which the other arguements are constructed, so I will go more fully into that. Namely, when I observe myself and contemplate what functions or aspects one could take away and still have me exist - all I have left is that mental existence. Though I would be pretty unhappy about it, I would still feel like I exist if my legs or arms were taken away, if I became blind, deaf, etc. It is mental existence that is at the core of what I am. If we were to suffer such sever brain damage that no mental existence was left in our bodies, then I would say that we as people have, at that point, died. Therefore, mental existence is a critical characteristic of people and we don't acquire rights as people until we gain mental existence and lose them once our mental existences end because outside of either end of that scale, all you have left is a human body - not a person.  Why does empathy require a mental existence? By the very definition of empathy.  From the on-line Merriam Webster dictionary: http://www.m-w.com/dictionary/empathy  Main Entry: em·pa·thy   1 : the imaginative projection of a subjective state into an object so that the object appears to be infused with it 2 : the action of understanding, being aware of, being sensitive to, and vicariously experiencing the feelings, thoughts, and experience of another of either the past or present without having the feelings, thoughts, and experience fully communicated in an objectively explicit manner; also : the capacity for this   The use of the term which I am referring to is definition 2, which requires that the others have "feelings, thoughts, and experience" - requiring a mental existence. As for definition 1, that feeling is based purely on *imagination* - i.e. it is not based on reality. Children might feel empathy for dolls that are mangled but that does not mean that those dolls are suffering. We might feel empathy when we see a painting of someone being tortured, but that is just paint we are looking at - not a real person suffering.  Empathy drives my approach of treating others as I expect myself to be treated. I would not have expected my mother to have been forced to carry me prior to my mental existence since "I" wouldn't have been around yet so nobody would have been hurt, whereas she would have been hurt if she were forced against her will to carry me. The same is true for all others. Prior to mental existence, the only person I can empathize with in a pregnancy is the mother. Are you saying that empathy is the standard that proves mental existence and that mental existence is the standard that proves personhood?  I'm not sure there are many 2 year olds that would meet your requirement of empathy.
well, animals show all those mental attributes and we still butcher, torture them, experiment with them and eat them. so killing an unconscious foetus is no big deal, and if somebody wants to eat them ... why not?
Firstly you don't need to kill other animals to survive, millions of people are vegetarians and live healthier lives than meat eaters. The reason we inflict so much damage and suffering on other species is due to the fact that we have already overpopulated the planet and we continue to do so at the expense as I said of our fellow beings, the rest of the animal kingdom, one thing is to thrive another to become a pest, and we have become a pest. Saying: "I prefer my own kind" is not a moral statement, it is simply a preference.  Well, animals treat us better than we treat them, they do not torture us, they do not behave sadistically or cruelly towards, they do not experiment with us, they do not butcher us in masse for food. So yes, you have the moral imperative to treat them the same.  But your second reason is absurd, for what you are saying is that if another being can not reciprocate your behavior then it would mean you don't need to be charitable to those in need for obviously they will never be able to pay you back. Babies can not take part in a moral consensus, neither can mentally retarded people. Would you treat them as animals as well?
You mean that are not people? Well, there are body limbs and embryos. So?  your body limb has its own set of unique DNA!? Wow, that is one amazing arm.
your body limb has its own set of unique DNA!? Wow, that is one amazing arm. What he meant was that every cell in your body, including cells in your arms, have your entire set of DNA.  But I believe you knew this already.
What he meant was that every cell in your body, including cells in your arms, have your entire set of DNA.  But I believe you knew this already.  Yet he was responding to a statement I said about "unique set of DNA". You can't claim your arm has a unique set of DNA from you body when it doesn't.  From curiosity, is that the criteria you place for personhood - i.e. having one's own unique set of DNA? I don't think you ever gave specific criteria (in the discussions we've had) except to say it starts at conception.  Is there other criteria that you set for personhood outside of having a unique set of DNA?It is not a criteria for "personhood" (whatever that means). The only requirement for being a person is to actually be a person. DNA is a pretty good way to figure this out but there are other ways im sure. Conjoined twins have the same DNA but I doubt many would say they are not 2 different people.  By the way, that brings up a point about whether or not you support the "violinist" argument often discussed in abortion forums. The situation involves 2 people with "mental existence" as defined by you and from all accounts you feel that one this point is reached then a right to life is to be maintained (thus disallowing third trimester abortions generally). Would your argument change for the violinist?
Empathy is the main driving force behind my standard of treating others as I would expect myself to be treated. Mental existence is the very starting point of that moral stance since (1) my self-observation has lead me to determine that the core of us is our mental existence, and (2) you can't have empathy without that mental existence. Have you deceived yourself into thinking you have established a humane and objective position in the treatment of human life?   What good is empathy if it is not merciful enough, caring enough, encompassing enough to embrace the most vulnerable, most innocent, most helpless, most weak of human life? I believe your empathy to be as rudimentary as the youngsters' if it cannot embrace a fetus weeks earlier than a line of conjecture drawn at the 3rd trimester.  Your position is based on how you wish others to treat you? How would it feel to be chemically burned to death or violently torn apart? Rudimentary indeed.  I have read that a fetus has brain waves at 40 days. It experiences REM sleep (when we have dreams) at 17 weeks. It often responds to sounds and the mother's voice in the womb. So how do you know when a mental existence begins? If you are wrong, is it worth millions dying?  I can't even imagine any 2 year olds that don't have a mental existence (assuming that is what you meant by your comment about 2 year olds and empathy). I have no idea what you have in mind there. As I have already said in this thread, mental existence is the most rudimentary of minds - be it even a sense of self, rudimentary thoughts and emotions, etc. - which we apparently gain the possibility of having around the third trimester of pregnancy 2 year olds definitely have a mental existence. My doubt is that they can feel true empathy at that point. They most often mimic what an adult does without having a true idea of what they are doing. So if they pat their sad friend or family on the back when they are crying it is because they model what others do or someone told them to do it. It can be seen when they play with a baby doll and they cradle it, care for it, and then all of a sudden throw it on the ground as part of their play--they don't have a true sense of empathy and can't feel what it would have been like to be a real baby thrown on the ground. So if empathy is your criterion then I think you must move your line of protection of life back quite a bit and many will be victims of your line of reasoning.
DNA, location, the mother's body, and the fetus:  http://www.epm.org/articles/unbornpart.html
Most premature baby survivor:   Just amazing.
Why do women opt for abortion over adoption?
Right now, I might consider it, as I am now a few weeks away from my graduation. Back then, I would not, as I had just begun college (I was in my sophomore year for my BS - now I'm about to get my MS). However, there is also that other major part of my decision - I never had the intention to become pregnant, and we even took steps to make sure I wouldn't. That also is a major factor in any of my decisions on it.   Another decision that involves my work is that from about my fifth month on (acording to the doctors I spoke with) - I would be unable to work - that's four months, and while right now I am in good standing with my company and they might even allow me to do that, back then I was just starting out, and would be unable to do so.  So, I'd say that at the moment if that were to happen, and that I was paid a stipend (I know of no place near me that does so) and then gave the baby up for adoption, my fiance and I would seriously consider the prospect.  I know that in the future - in five years or so - we expect to be able to have paid off all our loans, and we will then consider actually having a baby.  So in summary - now I would consider it, but back when I had the actual abortion (6 years ago or so) I would not consider it.   I knew that there were other reasons that I didn't care for you. Thank you for elucidating them. And, Jitobear, this is exactly what I was saying when I spouted the abortion statistics in the US. The bulk of abortions in the US are for selfish reasons. :xcensored
I know I know. Unless a woman is gestating or dieing she is being selfish.  I guess denial is just a river in Africa to you, huh Jito? Even when the facts, straight from the horse's mouth stare you in the face, you deny their existence. Should I repost the statistics for you again?
Some pro-lifers twisted views of "moral people" are more like "crazy people".  The pro-life dogma is an example of how primitive and unintelligent modern humans are. One person thinks they know better than another person or group of people, when really, they don't. I hope someday that we as a species will out grow this kind of illogic, but it is most likely not going to happen anytime soon. I hope that we never grow into such a callous society that we don't value our progeny except when it's "convenient" to do so.   The abortion issue is just a matter of opinion, as are many other things. However, abortion does not have an extreme negative impact on society, and sometimes can have a positive effect. In instances like this, the public should be free to decide. It would be like denying the public the right to eat strawberry ice cream on moral grounds, or because strawberry ice cream is considered to be a human being or something of that sort. There are also many other arguments that refute the pro-life line of thinking, but they continuously are being ignored despite the overwhelming evidence. It is much like the southerners from the 1800s and racism, they held on to it with their last ounce of strength despite the overwhelming evidence that it was obsolete. They thought they were right and the others were wrong. However, they cannot help it because they grew up with it. This kind of dogma is unavoidable to people who grew up with it. They are almost instantly victimized by it because they have no intention of fighting it. They were taught that this closed-mindedness is the correct way to think, when it is really not. The same goes for the pro-lifers. Your attempting to equate apples with oranges, or in your example, strawberries. Do you really think that eating ice cream is the moral equivalence of abortion?emoticon_wow   My point is, pro-lifers can claim all the holier-than-thou moralness (if thats even a word) all they want, however the truth is that they are not. They are only moral in their opinion, and not everyone else's. The I'm-right-and-you're-wrong line of thinking is an unfortunate flaw in the human species. Its the thing that the founding fathers tried to protect us against, and now the pro-lifers are undermining that principle as well as what this country was built on.  The principles that this country was founded on were life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Who speaks for the right to life of the fetus? And before you claim that a fetus has no rights, do your legal homework or I'll inundate you with examples to the contrary.  And, for the record, I'm not a rabid anti-abortion advocate, but I am moral enough to recognize that aborting a fetus because you're not exactly comfortable with your present situation isn't a moral choice. We aren't talking about a rape victim or a life-threatening episode, we're talking about "bad timing" ONLY. :xcensored
No - you are the one in denial if you think things like needing money, employment, education and health are selfish. Tell me - do you hold these same standards for men? :xcensored going to the doctor or work, man - that's SELFISH.  Did I say that her fiance wasn't acting selfishly, as well? No I didn't.  And I wasn't aware of any health concerns. Is this another strawman argument of yours?
I personally opted for abortion over adoption for two main reasons.  1. I had no intention to get pregnant. I faithfully took the pill, and by fiance always used a condom. Despite these precautions, we experienced that "percentage failure" of contraception. I found out I was pregnant several weeks in, and my fiance and I made our decision together.  So, it was a form of birth control?  2. We had no money. We are both in college (finishing up our Masters degrees in a few weeks now), and have enormous student loan fees as well as numerous other monetary problems. Right now the most we can do is finish up school and pay to keep our apartment.   This is an answer based on either BS or ignorance. Those without money can use Medicare or Medicaid to virtually pay for the entire pregnancy. WIC also supplements your own feeding IIRC with proteins and calcium products. I've known several people (including hard core conservatives) who've had to go this route 'because they couldn't afford a pregnancy'. And if your morality/ ethics prevents you from taking gov't funding, think of it as stuff you already paid for with taxes (now and later), you're just getting some of what you put in back. Furthermore, there are several agencies that would easily pay for all your needs provided you put the child up for adoption.   Pregnancy is a very expensive thing (which is why I find it ridiculous that pro-lifers offer adoption as if it was such a great option, because adoption itself can be free, but they don't take into consideration everything before adoption), and we couldn't afford to have a child to give up for adoption let alone actually raise one.  Pregnancy isn't expensive at all unless you're conned into thinking it has to be. If it were, poor people couldn't have the kids they do. Medical costs can be paid for by others. It's the luxuries many yuppy types seem to think they need that makes the after effects costly.  In most cases of putting a pregnancy up for adoption, there is NO cost incurred to the mother.  To add to the obvious costs of pregnancy, there is also the loss of pay as I would not be able to work (I'm a geologist - this involves quite a bit of strenuous outdoors work), which would even further affect us.  If putting the child up for adoption, this can be covered too. However, you havingto take time out per doctors instructions is something you might not desire as it could affect career opprotunities in certain lines of work.  Hope everything was clear to you, if you have any questions, just ask. Those were my reasons, and there are many many more that apply to different women in different ways.  As an adoptive parent of 3 with decent knowledge of how 'the system' works, it's these annoying BS answers that tick me off. Perpetuating ignorance if not outright deciet to justify a decision to abort.  As for caring for the kid once they're here, that can be costly. More so for time. If you're poor, EIC and earned child tax credits and deductions help alleviate the child's cost (the gov't wants another generation of consumers and tax payers). You can get your liability to near 0 and have the gov't kick back some money.  But, we're talking adoption.  On top of these decisions, you also have consider the health risks fo carring the child to term OR the risks involved in getting an abortion.   It's nice to think that you'll 'plan' a child later but, life seldom works that way. I'd hate to think that once you're finally ready to have a child, your uterus has been scarred to infertility or have sever complications in conception, carrying the child to term or delivery. I'd be ironic for another yuppy type who can't have children on their own due to an abortion to have to incure greater medical costs to have one or legal costs to adopt...and maybe even seeking a foreign child as there aren't any easily to be had here...since they were all aborted. Also, the older you get, the more health issues possible for the child.  As for the intellectuals who wait to have birth later in life, watch Idiocracy starring Luke Wilson. Then smile as it IS the XXXXXX who are inheriting the world. But, what would you care? You won't be here...and most likely, neither will your decendents.   If you want to kill it, then just kill it and say 'What's it too you?' or even 'Yeah, so I'm selfish and didn't want to take time out of my life to be bothered with details, bugger off ya wanker!'
For the record - the level of assistance available (pregnant or not) varies from state to state. I was living in New Mexico when I got pregnant and a clever woman working at the welfare office figured out a way to fib to the state to get me the medical care they would have otherwise denied.  Thus, 'virtually'. I am familiar with KY and IN legalistics. But, your point is taken.  The slack can also be covered for by the adoptor of the child on a case by case basis.
If you wanted to be picky about it, I guess you could say that it was a form of last-ditch birth control, after the other forms failed.  No biggy. I am happy though that you did take more than reasonable precautions to prevent pregnancy in the 1st place.   Ah, now I am the ignorant one or I am lying?! There is no way in heck I would be eligible for Medicare - first off, I am well below 65 years old, and second off, I am not disabled, I do not have end-stage renal disease, nor do I have any sort of other thing that would apply.  As to Medicaid, we have actually attempted to look into it, but as we are above the "poverty level" locally, along with several other factors (which are frankly none of your dang business), we are not eligible for Medicaid either. So you can insult me or call me a liar all you want - your views of a perfect little world where every woman will be taken care of are just not reality. I put the word (or) there because I couldn't think off the top of my head which was which.  As to medicaid, you now state 'we'. At the time, you state he was your fiancee, no? Thus, legally, it would have been 'you' until you married. You complain about making ends meet with rent, student loans and normal costs of living...but, you're still above 'impoverished level'. And you were a 'student' then too... You know, the details are none of my business. Just pointing out that I smell BS. Details either clarify the BS as non-existant or as substantiated. This is merely for the readers benefit.  Oh, really, pregnancy is not expensive? Have you gone through a pregnancy? I talked with numerous friends who went through pregnancies, and the costs were astonishing - from the doctor visits, to the actual delivery which can cost well into the thousands (tens of thousands if there are difficulties with the birth). Just the visit I made shortly before getting an abortion was expensive. As for adoption, there very well may be no cost in the actual procedure- but there certainly are numerous costs - both monetarily and physically- before it. If you think otherwise, you are sadly mistaken.  Actually, one. After the adoptions years ago, we hit the financial slump and had a suprise... The costs will extremely low. I've also been in discussion with numerous friends who've delivered, same story. Somehow, no matter how there is no money and no help, babies get born.  And as I've said, there are plenty of organizations that will cover all costs finacially in cases of adoption.  Yes, it certainly would affect my career opportunities, and that was one of the things I took into consideration (note that every thing I listed was something I considered). Actually, as Another Opinion pointed out, there are more considerations beyond that. Emotional ones. Some people would have a hard time giving up some part of themselves (or how ever they see it), thus there are the cases of changed minds. Others may constantly worry later on 'how is s/he doing, are they okay or not...' in regards to the child.  I was merely addressing certain aspects of this topic.  As I have pointed out, the only BS here is your accusations. Not the way I see it from my experiences. I let the readers decide on their own.   Yep, it certainly cann be quite expensive. IF you keep it. ;)  Yes, I certainly did consider these risks, and the risks at the time were far higher for continuing pregnancy than getting an abortion. Then for you, you made the right decision at the time. I'd personally have been leary of not getting to work or go to school easily from the doctors statements, especially in regards to keeping the child.   I'll have you know that the abortion went without a hitch, and my uterus is perfectly healthy, thankyouverymuch (not that it is any of your :xcensored business), and yes, I do plan to have a child in the future, and don't really care what you think about it. It's NOT any of my business, but when presenting information to the readers at large, such topics need to be ####ing addressed, something militant pro-abortionist seldom want to bring up.  I'm actually happy that you had a good operation and think more should go into ensuring ALL women have the same low risk proceedures when necessary. We're dealing with health aspects, all, not just selective. And there may even be things I'm not aware about to consider.  I'm not selfish, whether you or your buddy JP like to think so or not - I just look at actual reality rather than a fantasy world. Actually all decisions based on the self ARE selfish decisions.  I really don't care. I make them all the time too. Everyone does. While this is a philosophical issue I really see it as odd that people claim not to be selfish when doing something that benefits them or prevents harm to them with little regard to anyone else.  As Another_opinion hinted, another factor is the fact that until around the end of the second trimester, I do not believe that a foetus is a person - something that made the choice to abort much easier for me than it is for some women whose religions have brainwashed them to worship the holy fertilized egg.  Yes, I noticed and addressed his other observations too. He has some good ones, particularly the emotional ones. Although I may be over looking something, I just don't see a stigmatism placed on women who give their children up for adoption. Nor of the countless bastard children born out of wedlock, no one really cares anymore. Definatly no more than those who have had an abortion.  Good PR spin makes such a mother look noble, giving her child that she can't deal with to someone who wants it and will love it as their own.  This 'person' concept also amazes me. A foetus is a stage in human development, something that begins at conception. It possesses unique DNA. But, rather than address it as human, we call it "person" on not a person. I too have little problems with 1st trimester and early 2nd abortions but don't like to get into quibbling over defining what a person is as I see slippery slope arguements in it.  As to religion. Most are freeking annoying. If even 1% of them who mouth off would lift a finger to help women in distress, well, we'd have far less women having to make difficult decisions.  And IIRC, in ages past, there wasn't much of a problem with abortion so long as it was done before the quickening/ moved in the womb.  I'm with Jitobear, the causes need to be addressed rather than legislated and more than likely there is room for compromise.  I really don't care much for discussing abortion issues, it's too dogmatic like religion for both sides. But as to adoption, I think it's wonderful. I wouldn't mind doing it again but, I doubt the wife would want too.
I am not talking about anyone's specific circumstances - I just answered the initial question in general.  And I've posted the statistics and "in general" the majority of abortions are for selfish reasons.   On average, women give four reasons for choosing abortion. Three-fourths of women cite concern for or responsibility to other individuals; three-fourths say they cannot afford a child; three-fourths say that having a baby would interfere with work, school or the ability to care for dependents; and half say they do not want to be a single parent or are having problems with their husband or partner.  Finer LB et al., Reasons U.S. women have abortions: quantitative and qualitative perspectives, Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health, 2005, 37(3):110-118.
 Yes, I did. Which is why I am disgusted by JP's trivializing of everything, as well as calling me immoral (that post, by the way, was reported and the admin deleted it).  Too bad that the truth is now something to be :xcensored emoticon_xdonno As for trivializing, I don't think that my comments about abortion trivialized anything. If anything, I would argue that you trivialized life.
Thank you for proving my point.  And just what point is that? That we have already become so callous that we don't value life that isn't "convenient"?emoticon_confused   Well, thats just a matter of opinion, and thats my point. It is ok to disagree with someone, but abusing a majority power to force your opinions on someone even though it does not concern you at all, and does not harm society. Ice cream fits both of those criteria, and so do embryos.  My opinion is that pedophelia is wrong. Do I have the right to try to prevent it if it isn't directly affecting me?emoticon_confused   Last time I checked, doesn't an embryo not have a brain? Or even a mental existence? Why would you speak for an organic inanimate object.  I said fetus, YOU said embryo.   We are not playing a legal duel. I can show you precedents for denying blacks the right to vote, but we'd both disagree with that.  Show me a current law. I'll be glad to reciprocate.   I agree, however an extremely miniscule percentage are in this situation. Some 50% of abortions are because of contraception or protection failure. And countless others are because they would need to neglect the child they already have for another. To me, it is unfair to both the child that does exist and the mother to do something like that to them. And of course, many women aren't emotionally or financially stable to handle a pregnancy, so to have a baby would be out of the question. Sometimes the mother is 14 and cannot handle a child. Again, I'm for protecting our youth that already exist over a growing cell. And sometimes its all four. The point is, until you know every woman's circumstances, you are in no position to judge her or to shape the course of her life like that.  Here's a concept for you. If a "woman" isn't emotionally or financially stable to handle a pregnancy" then maybe she's not stable enough to have a sexual relationship. And I don't judge EVERY woman's circumstances, but when this particular case study was presented, it was a fairly obvious call. The thread's title was adoption and this was clearly the better option, albeit an inconvenient one, but life is rarely convenient in the real world.  Thats still a pretty broad definition. Bad timing is a broad definition? I agree, but I've also posted the statistics above. The majority of abortions in the US are for selfish reasons. Instead of denying the facts, maybe you should try arguing in favor of the concept of selfishness.
I don't really give a flying hippo's arse what you think - your posts here and on the other forums are repugnant, and as of now, you are being put on ignore (to take a page from Steeeeve).  Thank you.emoticon_xhoho
Name a decision then that isn't selfish then?   It is not selfishness it survival, something humans are quite good at. I think the reasons presented were definetly valid. I want to see the statistics that most abortions are for selfish reasons?  Quote by me, Actually all decisions based on the self ARE selfish decisions.  Survival is 1st and foremost about the self. Duh, it's YOUR SURVIVAL. As I said, it's a simply philosophy issue but there are plenty of schools of thought that nearly everything a person does is done for selfish reasons or motives.  So what? Why lie about it? To make yourself feel good, better about how you really are. To be percieved by others as a 'good' person...all those are selfish reasons.  Who really cares?
I am utterly speachless JP. The very idea that these reasons aren't valid to you astonishes me. That you consider these convenience matters...that the need to be safe and able to provide for oneself and other dependents are selfish to you. It seems the only action a woman can take that you respect is gestation or death. I am flabbergasted. I don't understand you. At all.  Let's put this in perspective here. Here's the salient point"three-fourths say that having a baby would interfere with work, school or the ability to care for dependents". So, what we're talking about is the killing of a human fetus because it would require some adjustments to one's life. That's part of the sacrifices that almost every parent in the world makes. In the specific instance discussed above, we weren't talking about anything more than the inconvenience of going through pregnancy and then giving the baby up for adoption. Now, I know that you're going to start in on how pregnancy is more than an inconvenience, yadda, yadda, yadda, but the fact remains that billions of women have given birth without issue and it is the exception, not the rule, that there are problems. Plus, the poster stated that she intends to have children in the future, so that argument is voided.   As for your "gestation or death" comment. Don't you think that's a tad melodramatic? I don't see millions of mothers out there in the real world dropping like flies because of bearing children. :)
Name a decision then that isn't selfish then? In that instance, the decision to give the baby up for adoption would be less selfish.  It is not selfishness it survival, something humans are quite good at. I think the reasons presented were definetly valid. I want to see the statistics that most abortions are for selfish reasons?  You can spin the term any way you like it, but I have already cited the statistics. Is it really for your "survival" to have an abortion so that you can finish school without interruption or get a promotion at work? Certainly, nobody will kill you if you don't graduate from college or get promoted, so how is that "survival"? emoticon_confused
One thing all of your arguements assume is that abortion at any stage is so very bad that one needs an awfully good reason to have one. That is something that most on the pro-choice side would disagree with you on - particularly with regards to abortion in the first trimester (where the great majority of abortions are done).  About 2/3rds of Americans would keep abortion legal in the first trimester - which suggests that they don't have too much of a moral problem with first trimester abortions. If they don't view first trimester abortions as a big moral negative, then most reasons (including what you call selfish reasons) are sufficient for them. It is your responsibility, then, to convince them that abortion in that first trimester is so morally bad they have to have awfully good reasons to have one. As far as I know (since I haven't read too many of your posts), you have not been convincing on that point. Start with that and the rest will follow.  I'm not trying to convince anyone of anything. Not once did I state when a human life began, I made a statement that abortion was performed, in the majority of instances, for selfish reasons and that it was an inherently immoral act. You can argue the value or validity of those selfish reasons, but dems are da facts.  I do like your qualifier about first trimester abortions and its morality. It reminds me of the phrase " a little bit pregnant". :)
.....  I came to the conclusion that abortion was the best choice for me and my health. I appreciate that some may find this decision selfish, and essentially it is, since it was made with my best interests in mind. I would also hope that even if they consider it selfish, they understand the reasons why I made that decision. And if it was your wife, daughter, friend, and she was dealing with what I was, you would not expect her to continue a pregnancy.  I would expect nothing less from the women in my life. They've been raised with a different value system, evidently. My wife threw up every morning before going to work when she was pregnant and still managed to work and have 2 more children afterwards. And when she got large with the first one, she lost her job as the youngest assistant regional manager for a major young women's chain because she didn't portray the look that they were promoting. We took it in stride and sacrificed to make ends meet since I had just graduated and was starting out as a chemist.....but we did the right thing.
Thats a rather HUGE assumption. These things are not necesarily negated by a few little adjustments. You're trivializing again. Losing a job or a scholorship or income isn't just a mere adjustment - ESPECIALLY when providing for dependents.   I would argue that you're trivializing the value of a life. Would you kill your son to get a better job? finish your education? Of course not, he's a teenager, right? Well, if you believed that a fetus is a life, there's little difference between him and the fetus.   Your missing my point. You call everything going on in a pregnant woman's life short of her death a selfish convenience matter, this tells me that you think very little of the activities of woman who are alive unless they happen to be pregnant. I mean those selfish bitches are out there getting educated, working, providing for families. How dare they!!!???  Come on now, Jito. You know better. I've told you about the women in my life. Nobody has encouraged their independence more than I have and that includes my wife who has her own successful business, my oldest daughter that's finishing her masters in May on her way to a law AND PhD Psychology degrees and my youngest daughter that's a 4.0 student at MSU and will probably also go on for some advanced degrees. So, don't try to paint me as a sexist pig, all of the women that know me well would laugh at such a ridiculous claim.
Anyone who says that pregnancy is just a matter of convenience does not know what they're talking about. I've been intimately involved in three pregnancies. I'm well aware of their effects.  Pedophilia has extremely negative impacts on society, as well as the victims being harmed.  And the millions of fetuses ripped from their mothers' wombs caused no harm? emoticon_confused   I am against abortion in the third trimester.  I see, so you're saying that your morality is time bounded.   Current law? Well, there are none of that sort, but could you condone the laws listed here? This isn't about bringing up crazy laws, I'm debating the issue itself.  And what does that have to do with adoption? emoticon_confused   Do you think thats even remotely close to devoting yourself to someone for 18 years plus 9 months of pregnancy and hundreds of thousands of dollars?  Again, the topic is adoption, so your argument is moot.   IMO, shadow had a completely legitimate reason.  And I'm not surprised. You're entitled to your opinion.   Majority? I don't believe that, let me check those stats again.  Scroll up, they're right there.
JP - you can't see past your own experiences and that is what is driving me NUTS. Not everyone has the support system you do. Not everyone has had your options.   Of course I would not kill my child for a better job. However if I were unable to support him for some reason there are options available as he is a seperate entity. THIS IS NOT THE CASE FOR A FETUS. And, yes, I would kill one if it meant I was unable to care for myself or my son. Again, the topic is adoption. Your argument, just like Shooter's is moot.  And I have told you before - just because you are positive about the wome in your life does not mean you are about them ALL. The fact that you refuse to validate ANY issue a pregnant woman faces speaks volumes more about your regard for women than how you treat your wife and daughter(s). Most people are nice to their loved ones.  You're right. I'm not positive about all pregnant women. Those that would kill the life growing inside of them for selfish reasons disgust me.  No, no - your not. You WITNESSED it. I have witnessed pregnancy too. Not the same as being pregnant. Not by a long shot. Can give a pregnant woman ANY credit? I give pregnant women lots of credit. I just don't have a lot of admiration for someone capable of killing their own offspring. :xcensored
This is why I do not advocate the American Holocaust that has destroyed nearly fifty million unborn children on the altar of "choice"! Shadow's reasoning that "I'll have a baby when I'm ready" smacks of pure, unadulterated selfishness. I do not give a tinker's damn about the reason nor circumstances. When that child is conceived, all bets are off and the focus must be on that child!!!
I can always count on you two to throw strawmen (Oops, I forgot: strawpeople) up. You know full well what I'm referring to. Abortion is a selfish copout, pure and simple!
Hang in here everyone, Bassman's been reading "_____"'s posts over and over and they've got him talking about the "American Holocaust"! :xbanghead   Until you have been in my exact situation, I wouldn't expect someone like you to understand. I really don't give a :xcensored if you think it is selfish or not - it is not for you to judge. Doesn't matter. Abortion cheapens life to such a degree that would make Hitler proud. Now, with the Boomers aging, and with the cost of Elder care and the uncertainty of Social (in)Security, jut what do you think the next step (and we're already seeing that on the Left Coast) is? Euthanasia (so-called "death with dignity")
Wow, thats a first. But wait a minute, aren't you a guy?  Look up the definition of the word "intimate" junior. emoticon_rolleyes   No sentient beings were harmed in the process.  Do you know that to an absolute certainty?  Let me ask you this, who do you value more, a sperm cell or your mother?  That's an easy one. Now, show me that the "mother's life" was ever in danger and I'll agree with you. You're making a strawman argument. There was never any indication that the pregnancy threatened the mother's life.   We were on the topic of crazy laws, right?  No, the topic is "Adoption". Please try to keep up, will you. :)   This is the ABORTION forum. However, point well taken.  Thank you.   Precisely, and as are you. We are not entitled to force this opinion on a minority. Not entirely true, but I won't nitpick. Suffice it to say that many of our laws are based on people's opinions/morals and we'll leave it at that.
Why is it moot? Do pregnant women who are choosing adoption suddenly don't have themselves and dependents to care for. If I were pregnant and said pregnancy would prevent me from providing for myself or my son I would end it. The question was why some women choose abortion over adoption. One reason is because the pregnancy is a threat to being able to provide for oneself. Go back to the part in which we were discussing a specific case and stop trying to encompass the universe in your justification. (You know there are mothers in BokoBoko that don't have enough lizard eggs to feed their babies so they eat them):xbanghead   And your definition of selfish disgusts me.  I'm not surprised that a moral definition of selfish disgusts you.  WHOOOOOSH. Splat! :)
Even if the mom can't get to the doctor, is mentally and goes off meds and throws herself off a bridge, or any and all now irrelevant current children starve to death in the process!  Social Darwinism? Survival of the fittest?  I'm sure that you could find a more obscure scenario than that if you REALLY tried, Jito. Or are you saying that nearly 1/3 of all women of childbearing age are mentally unstable? emoticon_rolleyes
I have NEVER been discussing a specific example nor was the originator of this thread. I am discussing reasons why women choose abortion over adoption - and specifically being able to provide for oneself and their dependents. I think we should look into addressing those reasons. You just want to call them selfish. Three guesses as to whose solution is more likely to work. 1. Mine 2. Not yours 3. #1's  I win. emoticon_xhoho   That isn't what I said. Care to try a little honesty? Were you selfish when you provided for your family?  How is providing for my family (and that includes my unborn members, selfish?emoticon_confused  [quote] Am I selfish when I provide for my son? [/quote See above  Should I get knocked up and stop working? Would it be selfish for me to go to the doctor or make sure I have a safe environment or am able to maintain that pregnancy in a healthy manner?  It would be selfish to abort a fetus because it would cramp your lifestyle. Your nebulous "make sure I have a safe environment or am able to maintain that pregnancy in a healthy manner" is subject to a lot of mischiveous interpretation. Does that mean that it's OK to abort if you aren't living in a condo on Malibu Beach where it's safe? emoticon_confused   No. They were examples. I am blasting Bassman's sweeping generalizations.  And in doing so shot yourself either in the foot or the head with your absurdity. emoticon_xkill   And the complete trivialization of everying in a pregnant woman's life short of her death, your broad sweeping generalization about these women combined with your condemnation and your refusal to acknowledge let alone discuss addressing pregnant women's concerns isn't a cop-out?  Everything short of a physical risk to the mother IS a selfish reason. I don't see ending an innocent life for any reason other than to prevent the death of another human being as being anything but selfish.
Your solution didn't work for me. Mine did. Really? You do have a son still, don't you? emoticon_rolleyes   That is what I am asking YOU.  I can't think of a way in which sacrificing to provide for your family is selfish. Note: that includes the unborn.   How about giving women a little more crerdit. Your trivializing again. You know good and well that is not what I am talking about. I am talking abusive homes, having a home at all, having access to medical care, being able to support oneself and dependents. The fact that you think that these women are worried about a mere "cramp in their lifestyle" displays once again your lack of regard for any woman not immediately related to you.  I don't think that anybody should stay in an abusive relationship, regardless of whether they're pregnant or not. And if the woman is homeless, why is she risking pregnancy in the first place? To support a dope habit? If that's the case, I have even less sympathy.   How was it absurd? Are you saying poverty doesn't exist? That not being able to work and provide for self and dependents isn't a reality? Go check under some bridges in your local metro. Or the numbers of people in homeless shelters. And mental illness is quite real. I work part time as a mental health work and have had clients go off their meds and hurt and kill themsleves. These things aren't absurd - they are realities. What is absurd is you and Bassman's disregard for these realities and your inability to see past the end of your own noses to realize that not everyone has had the life or support systems you do. Maybe those people should be coaxed into sterilization, then?   I believe that viewpoint to be extremely short-sighted and completely inneffective. There is a lot more going on in a pregnant woman's life that is important than pregnancy. Aside from their own survival, I can't think of any.
What do you think my solution is? Let me clarify. Address pregnant women's needs. Do not trivialize them.   When I found out I was pregnant I was unable to get medical care. Now - you say that isn't valid go be pregnant anyway. I say - I need an abortion if I can't get this need addressed. I found an ally in getting the need adressed. My solution worked. Your preaching would have just been so much noise. How come illegal aliens can get prenatal care and you couldn't?emoticon_confused  Or was it that you weren't resourceful enough and took the easy way out?  Pregnancy can make doing so impossible. See the catch 22? (And you have called that reason selfish numerous times in this very thread.)  And the title of this thread is ADOPTION. That was an option that you could have pursued, right?  Agreed - but getting out of them is not necesarily easy. My sister in law worked in a domestic abuse shelter for years. They would ship her women from two states away and their abusive partners would find them.  I think that you know my feelings on abusive spouses already. I sheltered an abused mother and her two kids in my house for 6 months and prayed that the husband came looking for her at my front door. When he actually did, I tried my best to belittle him to the point that he would take a swing at me so I could beat him into bad health, but he wasn't even enough of a man to do that. :xcensored   First of all- you seem to have a fairly uneducated view of homelessness. A good portion of our homeless are severely mentally and physically ill folks who can not work. And there are plenty of dope addicts who are housed. Secondly - I agree whole heartedly that more people should do more in preventing unwanted pregnancies, however, shouldas are pretty useless after the fact. Empathy certainly would be nice, but solutions are better. Or are you advocating using pregnancy as a punitive measure? 99% of the homeless here are male, so I don't see many pregnant homeless people.    By whom? Loved ones? Medical professionals? Maybe - certainly not the government.  Absolutely NOT the government.  Maybe you should ask them. I can think of more than a few things in my life. My health. My life. My son. My ability to provide for both my son and myself. If your asking if my son would take precendence over a new fetus - the answer is yes. I also won't carry a pregnancy from rape.  But don't fret - I am careful and my tubes are tied.  Well, if by your health and life, you mean your survival, then I'd agree. And you're using nebulous terms again. "Take precedence"? What specifically does that mean? If he can't buy a new car because you are having a baby, then he takes precedence? Or are you speaking about his life or death as well?
Adoption can be a good option for some. But it may not work for everyone for whatever reason. IMHO, a woman's body is hers and it is she who must decide what happens to it.  OK. Then they shouldn't get so indignant when people tell them that their actions are selfish.
JP - I have never had an abortion. The types and availability of assistance available varies from state to state. I was living in New Mexico at the the time - medical assistance was not available to non-New Mexico residents (technically I was a Minnesota resident). I wa also very close to finishing school and did not want to have to quit and add more to my student loans. I also wanted my baby. I talked to profs to work out the school stuff, and a lady down at the welfare office lied to the state about my residency. I received medical assistance througout the pregnancy and financial and daycare assistance for about 6 months after so I could graduate. For years I shared small apartments and lived in basements until I was established enough at my employer to make enough of an income to own my own home. Don't accuse me of taking the easy way out. But I certainly know what it is to be pregnant without support and know how hard that it is. If one can't get the damned support all your preaching and laws mean NOTHING. They DO NOT HELP. They won't change a thing.   Thank you for your story and for supporting my belief that "where there's a will, there's a way." emoticon_xgood   NOT TRUE. Just because Mr and Mrs Smith are willing to pay for your pregnancy doesn't mean they are willing to pay your mortgage or daycare for your other kids, etc.  I could see the mortgage part, but I'm a little fuzzy on the daycare for other kids part. How would being pregnant impact the fact that you already are paying for daycare? If anything, daycare costs would go to zero if you were forced to not work. emoticon_confused  No argument there. They sure ain't men.  They're an embarrassment to MY gender, IMO. emoticon_angry   A lot of the homeless women and children are less visable as they are generally the first to get into shelters (shelters are not a home).  OK, I concede the point.  OK - let me be specific. I will end any pregnancy that will end my life or cause me major medical harm. I will also end a pregnancy that will not allow me to work and support myself and my son (I had to stop working at five months last time.) I will end a pregnancy from rape.  I also want no more kids - hence the tubal. It sounds like you are doing the responsible thing by insuring that you can't get pregnant again. I applaud that. emoticon_xgood
Why is it selfish if a woman chooses to have an abortion so that her other children can have a better life? Because she's killing a life? emoticon_confused   Is that selfish? Are you so stupid as to believe that that is a selfish reason?  See above  Why is it selfish if woman chooses to have an abortion in order to advance in her career?  See above  Why don't you ask if a man is being self if he chooses to ignore his wife and children in order to advance in his career? I think that's a good example of being selfish, too. The difference is that nobody's dying as a result of his conscious decision.   Do you ever ask that question? Do you have the balls to ever ask if men are being selfish when they tromp all over everyone else in order to succeed?  Sure do. Personally, I'd be much higher up in my organization if I put my job ahead of my family, but I refused to do so. Those that did, went further. And I have ZERO regrets because I have a great wife and three well-balanced adult children as a result of my conscious decision NOT to be selfish. emoticon_xgood   Do you ever ask that question? All of the time.
Simone you do not help the position with such emotional rants. I believe your questions were more than adequately answered by others so I will not attempt to do so. However, please look at how you approach the topic. You do not advance the position and in fact, your defensiveness only perpetuates a stereotype that hinders.  But you must admit, she's amusing. Even if we don't believe a word that she writes. emoticon_xgood
She is no worse than some of the rants we hear from the other side. The the words "convenience" and "selfish" get tossed around with absolutely no serious regard for the details of women's lives and comments like "she should have kept her legs closed", etc. are equally ineffective emotional rants that hinder discussion and perpetuate stereotypes.  But some people add to the discourse while others just throw more fuel on the fire. You and I rarely agree, but at least we can see the other's viewpoint. We may not agree which is more important, but at least we aren't so blind that we can't acknowledge its existence. For example, you see the risk to a woman's health (both physical and mental) as being much greater than I do. Why? Because our experiences have been dramatically different. I was intimately involved in all three of my wife's pregnancies. I went to the doctor with her, took LaMas(sp?) class, coached during delivery, even got to cut the ambilical cord on the last one. And throughout their growing years, I was always there and couldn't imagine NOT being there. As a result, I guess that I view childbirth and raising children differently from someone that had to struggle alone from pregnancy onward.
It turns out that Planned Parenthood has found itself in quite a debacle after an 18 year old college student video taped one of its counselors trying to encourage a deception in order to circumvent California law.  The 18 year old student posed as a 15 year old girl who got pregnant from her 23 year old boyfriend, an instance that is defined as statutory rape. California law requires that Planned Parenthood report such cases. However, this employee suggested that the student simply "figure out a birth-date that works" in order to make it appear as though she was 16 in which case there would be no statutory rape to be reported.  The story and video can be found here: http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewCulture.asp?Page=/Culture/archive/200705/CUL20070515b.html.  Given these facts, there is no doubt that the employee was trying to figure out a way to perpetrate a deception in order to circumvent the law. It is also true that the video taping of parties without their consent is likewise a violation of California law.  With that established, I would be interested in your comments.
The only question I wonder about is if the video would be admissible in a court of law due to the fact that it was illegally made.  For the sake of clarity, I am not suggesting this was a sting operation by the authorities. I am merely "thinking out loud" as to how a law requiring notification can be enforced if evidence cannot be gathered without the consent of planned parenthood.  I, for one, do not know how one could expect to enforce laws requiring notification by Planned Parenthood if someone does not go to Planned Parenthood and secretly tries to see how they handle certain cases which require reporting.  What are the police or policy makers to do? Ask Planned Parenthood if they would consent to "counsel" this 18 year-old who will pose as a 15 year-old statutory rape victim in order to see how they will handle the scenario; to see if they will obey the law? Should they also get Planned Parenthood's consent to be taped? Do you think with such foreknowledge that these counselors will say what they normally would?  If you ask me, it is a pretty foolish thing to require consent to perform a sting operation from the party under suspicion. But then again, California is a pretty foolhardy state--a state that decided that it was a bad idea for health care providers to have to notify the parents of minors seeking abortions.
Old news. There have been accusations of similar stories for years.  which does nothing to negate the value of this thread. It just proves that Planned Parenthood has used deception in the past and will continue to be deceptive in the future. But my question is this. If PP is simply concerned with offering a medical procedure in order to insure the health and welfare of women, and not the wholesale murder of as many children as possible, why would they see the need to deceive anyone in order to promote their abortions ?
So that no girl, underage or otherwise, refuses to seek treatment for fear of what their parents will think or say. If a girl cannot be tested for a STD without parental notification and she does not wish her parents to know she had sex (or fears their wrath), she may not go in for testing.  In general, knowing whether you have a STD is a good thing.  But why does this generation get to bypass the same authority that every other generation before them submitted to with their parental oversight ? How is it right now for 13,14 and 15 year old kids to make such adult decisions without their parents knowing ? Are you suggesting that 13 year old girls are mature enough emotionally to make such adult decisions about getting an abortion ?  And if so, do you then also believe that a 13-15 year olds should be allowed to adopt a child ? Or to enter into a contract to purchase a home or car ? Because those are also adult decisions and it doesn't seem reasonable to me that we should allow them to slide on emotionally damaging decisions about sex or abortions and then insist they're not mature enough to participate in other adult decisions. Kids need consistency in order to grow up to be responsible adults and by your way of thinking, you will just add more confusion and insecurity in an already difficult time in an adolescents life.
Are you seriously suggesting that 13 year old girls are mature enough emotionally to make the adult decision to remain pregnant?! :O   This is not only an infintile response but also ridiculous and irrational. She has PARENTS for just such decisions. Parents who's job it is to guide and protect her from the stress and dangers of making such decisions alone. You obviously don't have children right ? Because your logic is that of a child also.  Unfortunately, it is out of our hands. She has to make a decision since she is now pregnant (ignoring the problem is still a decision). That she is emotionally young does not mean she is immune to the physical changes her body will go through, nor does it mean that decisions about those physical changes must be off limits to her.   According to the law and common sense she is below the age of accountability so to condone her to bypass informing her parents is to admit that the State is more responsible and a better guide than the Parents who bore her. Is that what you believe and are endorsing ? That the State have ultimate oversight over our children ?   It really is not my decision that they get pregnant :P Once they are, consistency does not excuse disallowing the very fundamental ability to make their own decisions about, arguably, the most intimate part of their lives, up to and including termination of the pregnancy.  But they aren't even at the age of personal accountability yet. They can't legally make any adult decisions by themselves. What you are endorsing is cutting mom and dad out of the process and giving the ultimate authority to the State/strangers who have no long term personal interest in that girs emotional or personal welfare. How do you justify that stance ?  My previous point also still holds true and the same logic applies. In general, knowing whether you have a STD is an essential part of health and in order to ensure underage girls get tested a certain amount of protection from parental oversight is needed. Your goal is to prevent women and girls from having access to abortions, while others wish to prevent the desire but understand that it is unacceptable to take away the freedom to acquire them.  So what you're saying is if a 13 year young teen girl is so sexually active that she is contracting STDs, your solution is to allow her to get medical attention without her parents being informed so she can fix the problem and continue in her obviously sexually promiscuous lifestyle uninterupted by parents who could and would intervene at that point and correct their daughters very dangerous personal sexual activities. Is it any wonder why sexual promiscuity is at an all time high with adults like you around as guides who don't have the common sense of an adolescent.
http://www.alternet.org/rights/51674/  The Christian Right's Fear of Pleasure is Our Greatest Threat to Choice  By Chris Hedges, Truthdig. Posted May 19, 2007.  Oh yeah, christians hate sex samiinh. This is one of the most ridiculous things you've ever posted. And could you at least try to find an objective source if you hope to have any credibility around here ?
Archangel, once the girl is pregnant there are two choices: continue or abort. No action on the part of the parents will shield her from the stress and dangers of the situation. No matter what decision she makes she will be faced with stress and danger. We no longer have the luxery of simply stuffing the cat back into the bag. As unfortunate as it may be, she must make some adult decisions, even if it is to continue the pregnancy.  Unless, of course, you wish to suggest that parents may choose to terminate their child's pregnancy.  So you're actually endorsing that parents have no right to know when their 13 year old daughter is dealing with an issue like pregnancy or an STD ? This is your version of adult oversight, as in none ? And as to the bolded. If a 13 year old child is going to keep a pregnancy from her parents, what OTHER possible decision can she make other than abortion ? Deciding on adoptions gonna result in them noticing, wouldn't you say ? So your endorsement of her not having to tell her parents is paramount to endorsing non consensual childhood abortions.  The State did not allow or prevent her pregnancy, nor is the State requiring her to abort or continue the pregnancy. They are providing services that are considered essential to both reproductive and general health. Whether or not the girl is emotionally mature, she is physically capable and thus there is every justification to allow access to services that maintain and treat problems with her systems that she can physically use.  Note the bolded: Then obviously you endorse and support adolescent sex. If 12,13, or 14 year olds are physically capable of having sex then to heII with their emotional maturity. Who are we as their parents to expect to have the right to intervene before they reach the legal age of accountability ? Are you for real ? Or are you really a 13 year old with spellcheck ? Cuz you can't be an adult with children. Or an adult with one ioda of common sense.  Yet parents do not own their children's bodies. They cannot require their teenage children give blood or give organs. In matters regarding as fundamental a freedom as bodily integrity, pregnancy and reproductive health parents do not and should not have ultimate authority. Your question is erroneous because it is not the State that has authority over the girl, it is the girl who has some authority over herself.  When the State relieves the parents of financial and legal responsibility for the actions of their children, you just might have a point. But you dont because it's the responsibility of parents to be a part of such important matters in a minors life. No matter how well you try to trivialize their relationship, nothing, and I mean nothing should overrule that relationship.   While it is the parent's responsibility to teach their children common sense, it is not part of the powers of parents to use an illness as punishment or as a tool to teach responsibility. It is morally abhorrent to use pregnancy as either of these things as well.  Who said anything about using an STD or a teen pregnancy as a punishment ? Not I. If it's an abortion they decide on, the parents will finance it. If they choose to carry and adopt out the child, the parents are needed for consent. If they decide to keep the child, the parents are needed to help raise it. Your way of endorsing secrecy only allows for one outcome. ABORTION, and there in lies the agenda and why you would support such irresponsible balderdash.   I'm saying that a 13 year old girl who contracted an STD should have access to treatment regardless of her parent's views.   Would you point out where I said a pregnant 13 year old should be locked in the basement without medical care ?   She can continue her sexually promiscuous ways regardless of whether her STD is treated;   Not if her parents learn about it and have an opportunity to intervene and help her reconsider the repercussions of her current lifestyle. I pity the type of parents you must have had in order for you to have such a low opinion of them. But all parents aren't insensitive oafs. Mine weren't and neither was I with my two daughters.  But I raised them with moral values and to respect their bodies. Something you seem to be completely devoid of.   it is the State's desire and responsibility to prevent widespread illness, not to enforce moral behavior.  Which is precisely why children need parents to teach moral behavior and social responsibility. You see, fixing that girls one STD isn't going to stop the spread of them if she goes right back to having random sex with random boys. The cycle will just continue as before. How can you not be aware of that obvious progression ?  And all due to a declining moral center that is promoted and endorsed by people like you who see no problem with bypassing parental rights and responsibilities ? Admit it, just between you and me. You're just a kid right ? No one else is here, you can tell me. Really, what are you, 13, 14 ? Well it's 10:30 so get to bed. You have school in the morning. emoticon_xdonno
My daughters are both in their 20s now so this madness wasn't an issue for me. But the current state of affairs with this current generation of young teens is not nearly so bright. Your responses above prove that you are capable of rationalizing away any and every moral standard I raise so discussing it with you is a waste of time. You stand as a good example that this generation has no moral compass and is destined to lead this Country into the depths of moral depravity, and will not even see their own destruction coming when it destroys them. So have fun with that prospect because it is your future reality. emoticon_xgood
 once the girl is pregnant there are two choices: continue or abort. No action on the part of the parents will shield her from the stress and dangers of the situation. No matter what decision she makes she will be faced with stress and danger. We no longer have the luxery of simply stuffing the cat back into the bag. As unfortunate as it may be, she must make some adult decisions, even if it is to continue the pregnancy. Unless, of course, you wish to suggest that parents may choose to terminate their child's pregnancy.  Dont you think that if you got rid of abortion totally she wouldnt have made the choice to have sex to begin with in fear of becoming pregnant and having to have a baby?? I think we forget sometimes that abortion has opened up the door to way many more problems than we had before it was allowed.. It has caused exponentially more people to have sex irresponsibly outside of wedlock because they think they dont have to live up to the consequences of it by being able to have an abortion.  I think if we eliminated abortion, we would eliminate the stress that it causes..(pressure from the guy to have the girl abort a baby cause he doesnt wanna live up to being a dad, the girl being ashamed of telling her parents she had sex before marriage..the list goes on and on)  The question isnt how stressful a pregnancy is... the answer is how degrading it is to have sex outside of wedlock.. That is the real issue here.  Ultimately, the first choice is that they had sex.. There is no such thing as a choice to illiminate a life or to have it continue in your womb because it is there by your own choice. You shouldnt have a 2nd choice to say "well i dont think i want the baby now..." Its not the baby's fault, its your own... (granted 6% of abortions happen because of rape.. the other 93% is out of convenience, so dont even bother with the rape argument).
Archangel, you still miss the point. I am not "rationalizing away" any morals, I am pointing out it is not the responsibility of the State to enforce them. Those are two very different things.   You're a hypocrite Sigma because in your alleged pointing out that the State isn't responsible for enforcing morals, you in fact defended denying PARENTS their rights and authority over adolescant children whom they are still legally and financially responsible for according to the law. But in spite of that irrefutable fact, you defended the right to keep vital health oriented decisions from them with the ruse that it isn't the Governments responsibility to enforce morals. As usual, a totally inconsistent, irrational and twisted moral and ethical argument lacking in any reason or consistency at all. And then you wonder why this generation of young people have no moral compass ? It's because the adults of this generation have no moral compass either.
Defending rights is not enforcing morals, Archangel, no matter how you cut it. The the girl has some authority over herself the State would respect that authority. That would not be enforcing morals.   Vital health services can be justifiably given in defiance of the parent's wishes if the girl herself seeks them out.  Sigma, a minor has no legal rights apart from their parents permission. A minor cannot legally make any contract committing themselves to any responsibility or liability of any adult matter at all. So on what basis do you say that a child can seek an abortion in defiance of her parents wishes ? Show me the precedent for that statement please. And that legal limitation has always included something so minor as even being checked on by the school nurse. Now it is proposed that minors should be able to seek abortions without their parents permission ? To say that is an Incredible opinion would be an understatement.
Is there anyone here who can explain to my satisfaction why the government, in the person of some nameless, faceless bureaucrat, is better equipped and able to determine the future of any woman's pregnancy than she herself is?   The same agency that determins that they aren't capable of injesting alcohol, voting, in some cases marrying or even driving, nor of even being able to enter into a legal contract. The overbearing, faceless bureaucracy that actually represents the generations of accumulated mores and values of the amassed induhviduals it represents. As time goes on, these institutionalized beliefs change.  Such changes are easily witnessed by the changing laws and rules that govern the people. Today, new laws are enacted to prevent teens from using cell phones while driving...simply because, like in most cases...the teens are incapable of demonstrating the maturity and responsibility and skills required based on experience to do so. Tomorrow, laws are passed to allow gays to marry.  Who knows in which direction these commonly held values will go.  As it stands, many children can't even get their ears pierced without permission from a parent or guardian nor get tattooed. So long as the parent or guardian has the childs best interest at heart and is responsible for them, then they have near complete say over that minor.  For some strange reason, abortion issues seem to break this tradition. The why's can be debated about and there are many for both sides to use.  Abortion 'rights' is one of the most glaring and bizarre loopholes it seems.
Thats a false statement. Minors do have rights.  I said LEGAL RIGHTS chemist. Can a minor sign a lease, buy a car, even go on a school outing or participate in surgery without their parents consent ? No they can't. But their right to attain an Abortion, the Pill and even the Morning After Pill without their parents consent is now being promoted by the Left. They aren't old enough to go on a school field trip without signed parental consent, but according to your left wing lunatic fringe, they deserve the right to make life and death decisions before they even fully understand the consequences of such decisions. That's real responsible parenting chemist.
Don't be absurd. Tell you what - run over a minor child and see if the law does not act to protect the minors right to life etc. Try it if you dare.  That doesn't fall under a legal right schmuck, that is a civil/human right and we all have them. But an abortion requires signing off on Dr. liability, Hospital liability and permission to the anesthesiologist to mention just a few signatures needed for any surgery and a minor child cannot legally sign any contract.  In addition a minor CAN undergo surgery without parental consent under any number of circumstances.   Name them please. Because even an orphan needs the signature of an adult to get surgery. The only exception I can think of would be if it was impossible to get a guardians signature in a life or death situation, which a first trimester abortion definitely isn't.   As to access to abortion services without parentel consent thats not a life and death decision nor is the use of Plan B or similar or even birth control.  Precisely, thanks for making my point. I marvel at how you can contradict yourself without even realizing it. You are confirming though that because none of these situations are emergencies then the permission and authority of parents over their minor children should never be bypassed.  Point is we no longer live in the Roman empire and parental rights are not absolutely supreme. Minors are not chattel and we no longer treat them as such.  An absolutely ridiculous statement because nobody is claiming children are chattel. What they are is innocent and in need of responsible guidance. Something they obviously wont get with your emotional, intellectual or moral ilk. And one more thing about legal rights that completely eludes you chemist. 13 year old minor children are NOT even legally capable of agreeing to have sex which is why having even consensual sex with one is statutory rape. So given that LEGAL FACT, how can you then propose that they could agree to receiving an abortion, the Pill or the morning after Pill ?
So what century are you living in AA. How many 13-15 year old minors do you know personally? The image of the rosy cheeked innocent child at 13-15 never was accurate and is totally obselete these days. Innocence is shall we say rare! We mature both mentally and physically earlier than we used to. Probably because of improved nutrition and a more information filled environment. Our concepts of the rights and needs of people have fortunately moved in the same direction as biological reality. We should be thankful that our society is sufficiently flexible to do so.  You should join with your Islamic brethern in the Mountains of Pakistan etc and decree that sex is (for a woman) a sin punishible by death. Usually by having a wall pushed on top of them. Be fine with you since minors have no legal rights.  Typically, you completely ignore the legal and common sense points I make as you proceed to divert the issue to the level of personal opinion which has nothing at all to do with the actual legalities of a minor childs right to enter into a legal or surgical contract without a parents consent. You are expert at avoiding real issues of debate for contrived off topic points that have nothing to do with actual reality, legally speaking. You are a complete waste of time to debate with. So try responding to the rest of my post above, rather than just the last paragraph if you're able.
Z.,  The same agency that determines that they aren't capable of injesting alcohol, voting, in some cases marrying or even driving, nor of even being able to enter into a legal contract.  Apple and oranges, old chap. No one is pregnant in any of the above scenarios. I can't imagine any man having any right whatsoever to have any input whatsoever over the future of a woman's pregnancy unless the woman herself grants that permission. Apples and oranges old chap. You're muddying the waters on Minor vs Adult. A minor female is not the same as an adult female.  I was simply pointing out some of the many differences that seperate minors from adults. Thus, it really isn't apples and oranges.  Much like, in some cases an unborn fetus/child is afforded some legal protections even though most pro-abortioniest don't think they are and don't like to admite it when it's the case. And in other cases it isn't. The seperating line seems to be this glaring loophole called 'choice'. Which doesn't have much legal nor logicval precident.   BTW, "Zardoz" is a copyrighted trademark of Zardoz, LLC. Your continued use of the word places you in violation of the copyright and may subject you to legal action for copyright infringement.. LOL. You're too funny. Do you even know who I am? Do you even know how thse things work? Start a thread in the appropriate forum for these sorts of tangents. emoticon_rolleyes
 You continually conflate "fetus" with "child", which is absurd on its face. It's not a child until it's born.  Prove that statement capo! By what term or definition do you conclude that an unborn child is anything less than a child before he breathes his first breathe of air ? The term "fetus" is a modern word adopted by the pro-abortion industry solely for the purpose of dehumanizing an unborn child. Tell me why women, all women who are pregnant follow prenatal care at every level of their pregnancy if what is growing within their womb isn't a baby, a child, a little person who is as valuable as you are ? Explain that to me please.  However, let's for the sake of argument follow your erroneous reasoning to its illogical conclusion. If abortion = murder, then it is a crime. If it is a crime, then it must have a sanction at law. One of the criteria for imposition of the death penalty in those backward states that still permit such barbarity is the heinousness of the crime. Since a fetus is a most defenseless critter, then it must follow that its "murder" meets the criterion of being especially heinous. Conclusion: Women who abort must be subject to execution, as well as their physicians (on the hit man theory). Are you willing to see women and their doctors executed for the abortion of a fetus? If not, then you're being a grade A hypocrite.  You have perfectly defined the case for the anti-abortion side of this issue. And you are absolutely right that each year millions of innocent human beings are murdered for convenience sake of women all over this Country. Name one other segment of our Society that can legally murder not only another human being but a blood relative because its unrequested presence in life will be a temporary inconvenience to the muderer. Name just one if you can.
Z  Do you even know who I am? Don't care. Maybe once you've posted enough and gotten to be part of the community here, I might. Might even find me siding with you as well as opposing you on any number of topics. I tend to avoid the abortion debates as there really is no point. Most won't change their dogmatic beliefs of this subject. Religion and politics often being more easy to pursuade than this. I'm here because I'm bored and the rest of the forums were quiet on a lazy Sunday.  It doesn't really matter. What matters is that you are in violation of a copyright by continuing to use a trademark. LOL. Actually, I'm not. Nor are the several hundred others who use 'Zardoz' as a handle. Nor am I worried. My implication on 'Do you know me' is that you're new to these forums. Had you been here and paid attention to many of the posts I've made in the past years, I'm more than comfortable with my lawyers beating the snot out of anyone who'd stand against me. There are many exceptions to the use of 'trademarks' I happen to be one who enjoys using them.   Now, on to a substantive issue. You continually conflate "fetus" with "child", which is absurd on its face. It's not a child until it's born. Actually, I haven't conflated anything as we're not really talking at this juncture about the thing in the young woman but about the young woman herself. Her rights or lack tehre of.  As for fetus and child though, they are both steps of human development. There are laws that punish one for terminating that unborns life except in the case of an abortion done at the choice of the woman carrying it. If I were to go up to a pregnant woman, a hit her in the stomach causing a miscarriage, I could face charges for terminating the pregnancy that go beyond simple assault. Same thing if I killed a pregnant woman, I could face a double homicide charge in the US. These laws do exist in the US.  However, let's for the sake of argument follow your erroneous reasoning to its illogical conclusion. If abortion = murder, then it is a crime. I never said that abortion is murder I have pointed out that there are laws that DO punish the taking of the fetuses life in some circumstances.   If it is a crime, then it must have a sanction at law. One of the criteria for imposition of the death penalty in those backward states that still permit such barbarity is the heinousness of the crime. Once again you're leaping to conclusions and jumping over many small stepping stones to get there. You also show undue bias. Recall what I said above. What's the point in debating such an issue when the opposition clings to bias without demonstraited reason? My interjections in this thread is to point out what I've done. Since a fetus is a most defenseless critter, then it must follow that its "murder" meets the criterion of being especially heinous. I don't know where you come up with this 'defenseless'. Some of them suckers are down right evil and desire to terminate the womans life.  Conclusion: Women who abort must be subject to execution, as well as their physicians (on the hit man theory). Extreme faulty cause and effect. The woman could simply be suffering from one of many short term neurosis or psychosis...or even any number of other factors or societial pressures that impell her to believe that an abortion is the only way out of her prediciment. Much like you drowning in quick sand and all of a sudden, I'm there with a salted up piece of rusty razor wire as a life line to toss to you rather than that soft length of hemp rope in my other hand.  Will you call me a life saver for tossing your the wire? How about if you're not even told about the hemp rope (that I only use for people I like).  Are you willing to see women and their doctors executed for the abortion of a fetus? If not, then you're being a grade A hypocrite. Have you stopped beatting your mother?   You lay out only one possible path when many others could exist.   It's one of the other reasons I typically avoid such a thread. Neither side wants to honestly work towards any common ground or solution. Arch and I pointed out very clear issues where minors aren't allowed to engage in some things. Somehow, you think the magical word 'pregnant' makes a difference. When it doesn't. A pregant 16 year old still is not considered a legal adult, Can't get a tattoo, can't drink alcohol, vote, sign for an operation nor buy many medications, enter into a legally bonding contract and could be expelled for taking an aspirine at school. Their rights to free speech are even infringed upon...or, maybe they don't exist as fully as some think they do as witnessed in the Bong Hits for Jesus controversy that happened not too long ago. As I've said, Abortion 'rights' are one of those odd loopholes. They are at this moment being worked on by both sides with various pieces of legislation writen, passed, shot down, etc. etc. Eventually, it will be removed and we'll go back to the way it was in the 60's or it will be more clearly defined.   In the news in the past week in New England, a woman has been charged with the deaths of ~4 children. From what I gather were fetuses. All yes, here's one link.  Ocean City, MD (AHN) - Worcester County State's Attorney Joel Todd dismissed on Thursday first- and second-degree murder and manslaughter charges against Christy Freeman in the death of her pre-term baby born last week, and instead filed new murder charges in the death of another infant born to her in 2003. It was not immediately clear why the previous charges were dropped, but in a statement to reporters Todd said that the new charges were "more applicable."   The new charges "are more applicable to the facts and circumstances of this case than charges brought under the Viable Fetus Statute of 2005," Todd said, according to the AP reports.  The 2005 law allows for the prosecution of murder or manslaughter charges in the death of a viable fetus.  Initial autopsy reports revealed Freeman gave birth to a stillborn child last week.  Freeman came under the suspicion of local authorities last week she showed up at an area hospital with remnants from her recent pregnancy but no baby. A search of her Ocean City home found dead bodies of three babies in addition to the one found wrapped in a bloodied blanket under her bathroom sink.   Edit: apparently there's a clause that allows for self induced abortion...   I find most of those who want to abolish abortion unwilling to do anything else to actually and meaningfully help in most cases that would lead a woman to consider an abortion to begin with.  I find many who want abortion rights no matter what. I find many who ignore facts on both sides of the debates, more so when it doesn't suit them.  Really a silly topic to deal with.   But, it eats up useless hours on a lazy Sunday. Think I'll go read a book or something.
Z.  Name one other segment of our Society that can legally murder not only another human being but a blood relative because its unrequested presence in life will be a temporary inconvenience to the muderer. Name just one if you can.  Too,easy, fool - the US military in Iraq. Now, if you want to see real murder, follow what is being done there in our name. There's real murder of actual flesh and blood people, not the excision of a parasite.  Ummm. you're addressing Arch...not me.  Also, you might want to brush up on your definitions. The word here is MURDER which is quite different to killing.  And from the news I'm paid to watch for a living, actual cases of Murder in Iraq by US soldiers is being punished. Maybe you'd care to review the Camp Pendelton cases. There have been several convictions recently.  Furthermore your answer did't address the question Arch asked. but a blood relative because its unrequested presence in life will be a temporary inconvenience to the muderer...
So whats the penalty if they do? Execution? Surely you jest. Thats absurd.   It doesn't matther WHAT the penalty is...merely that for minors...it's prohibited.  What's absured is the asumed belief that minors are equal to adults. It's right up there with your notion that the unborn aren't equal to the born...even though they are all stages of human development.  This deals currently with legal rights.  The issue often muddled is human rights.
Z,  You have perfectly defined the case for the anti-abortion side of this issue.   So, are you ready to see women and their doctors executed for the "crime" of abortion?  Seems like a relatively straightforward question.   Seems like a relatively stupid question considering that abortion is legal today. And the goal of anti abortionists isn't to kill people but to save lives which is why we are against abortions in the first place. But why would I expect a member of the lunatic fringe to get that fact.  Z.  Name one other segment of our Society that can legally murder not only another human being but a blood relative because its unrequested presence in life will be a temporary inconvenience to the muderer. Name just one if you can.  Too,easy, fool - the US military in Iraq. Now, if you want to see real murder, follow what is being done there in our name. There's real murder of actual flesh and blood people, not the excision of a parasite.   Now I see what I'm dealing with. So you're such an extreme loony/lefty that you equate our military which exists for the National Defense of the USA and the killing of Enemies of the US in Warfare with the mass murder of totally and completely innocent babies who are murdered in cold blood due to the selfish personal interests of women who want to have irresponsible sex and prefer to kill their own child than gain 25 lbs. giving it life ? Is this the irrational reasoning we can look forward to from you ?
So dropping a set of cluster bombs on a military formation in Iraq with the consequent death of hundreds or more is not murder? Why so - because there is nothing personal in it perhaps? And bear in mind the commandment says "Thouh shalt not KILL" not "Though shalt not murder in cold blood and with premediataion".  Murder is a legal term. And it doesn't apply to military actions against a military target. However, it could apply to the same situation against a non-military target. Such as knowingly targeting civilians. Funny...that action in targeting civilians is actually a war crime and is punishable.  Do you think the infamous Highway of Death (a target rich environment) was not effectively murder? Lets see now - hellfire (aptly named) missles against busses and sedans trapped on a highway? What do you think the purpose of launching those missles was? Self-defense? Seems to me that those targets were viable military ones. Had the vehicles been predominatly operated by and filled with civilians, then it's murder.  And FYI, I'd willingly slaughter a fleeing enemy who refused to surrender. Such a target is a viable military target. Said unit and troops could regroup and later counter attack and kill not only your fellow troops but yourself.  For some reason, you seem to not be able to grasp military vs civil issues. Are you naturally this ignorant...or simply being willfully so for sake of grasping for something to support your sagging position. Did you know that in cases of 'Martial Law' some of your 'Civil Rights' no longer apply?   Furthermore, I'm an athiest/ agnostic. I also have no problems breaking the law. Do so all the time. If caught, I use lawyers and loopholes to get out of many of the more sticky situations.  So your commandment #### doesn't apply to me.  On top of that, your ignorance of biblical issues is also appearant. The more apt commandment is not to Murder.  Logically considering that there are biblical rules dealing with death killing and punishment as well as war and slaughter and genocide. Even the death of a slave is dealt with. Same with the loss of an unborn child ffrom what I recall. Thus, your grasp for "thou shalt not kill" as a defense...merely shows ignorance. So much for translations to English in dealing with the bible. emoticon_rolleyes
chemist,  All in all a bunch of busybodies who cannot live and let live.   BRAVO!!emoticon_xhoho   Wrong again capo. We are all for letting others live and let live, but you left wing lunatics want to live and let the innocent unborn DIE. And you are either too morally destitute, blind or completely ignorant not to see the difference. Now we all know chemist is lacking any moral compass but you are new so I had hopes for you. But they are quickly disapearing that you have any more sense than the other loony lefties on this forum.   I'll bet you're against the death penalty for mass murderers and rapists too huh ? Don't take the lives of killers but killing innocent babies who have committed no sin against anyone is fine though, and all for the sake of a womans convenience when she was a so called responsible adult who in any other situation in life would be held accountable and responsible for her actions. Go figure huh ? The hypocrisy is mind numbing yet you can't even see it.
And I thank you for your support since I sometimes work for Defense Attorneys and help put the lawbreakers back on the street where they can pay their taxes - and my fees of course! And I am also a highly committed atheist by philosophy and when doing science a strict agnostic. Keep up the good work.  Lets ask the next legal question then. Was dropping the nuclear bombs on Hiroshima / Nagasaki a war crime in your opinion or not. Certainly it was the deliberate targeting of civilians. Or to use a perhaps less emotional case how about the fire-bombing of Dresden? Military targets were they?  emoticon_xgood   I'm one of the few people who've advocated for lawyers. The more willy, the better. I loves em...much. Don't like paying them...but, in a cost effectiveness situation...hey, crime does pay. I'm told by many that I should have been one too. But...I cheat too much.   As to the A-bombs. Did they violate any known laws and conventions of those times? If so...was anyone in a position to do anything about it?  But...this was a time of alleged 'total war'. Civilians were viewed as fueling the machines needed to wage war. Operating munitions factories and food processing plants vital to the war effort. That they built these things inside cities in a time when percision bombings were extremely rare and hazardous... Such has always been the case through out history. Civilian targets being the ones to bear the brunt of looting and rape to satisfy the under paid levy or warriors with their dandruf up. If we want to carry this concept over to the current era with terrorists (enemy forces) striking at whim at citizens. I'm perfectly willing to comply in kind. Actually, I'd love to nominate myself as War Lord with the finger on the button. I'm positive my theory of Out Terrorizing the Terrorists will work. *looks sheepishly* Of course, some of those I'd be 'defending' may take umbrage against this...but, I'm willing to eliminate them too. For giving comfort and assistance to the 'enemy'. :)   Think of it like this. Do you bring a knife to a gun fight? Do you strap on boxing gloves to settle a grudge while your opponent is sharpening his sword? Me, I prefer to be there with the biggest and the mostest. Since such costs money and time, I'd seek other means to resolve differences. But, raise a fist and I'll probably empty a fire arm into you, and sue your estate and seek a crafty lawyer if I find myself unable to simply walk away from the mess. Escalation is simply a waste of time.  The only consideration leaders have in cases of total war is to their own people an cause. If the enemy is too stubborn to know when they are out maneuvered and out fought to seek some settlement or even surrender...then who's falt is it for continuing to fight to the finish.  I'm reminded of a case where police were investigating a gang shooting. Gang member A had his gun drawn on Gang member B. B continued to run his mouth and taunt A, daring him to shoot. He did, killing him. So, is this a case of A murdering B or B using A to commit suicide?  In the case of legalities... Is it really illegal to do something when those supposed to enforce the law can't or won't? It's like when I and a hundred other as zooming down the highway 15 mph over the speed limit...only to be passed up by the fuzz. Who apparently isn't on a call. Seriously, who was going to prosecute the president and US commanders for killing a bunch of nips? Especially after other horrific things came to light on the other side. Rape of Nanking. The Holocaust. Vaporizing thousands of women and children and what ever men left to push the enemy into surrendering early and avoid further slaughter may have been considered a small price to pay.  As for letting people mind their own business...oh how I wish this would apply to all things. I'd much rather you mind your own business as I do as I please. I'm sure you'd much consider the various issues as apples and oranges but, as I've been recently reminded in my own personal life...they's still all fruit. The unborn are part of the human life cycle. Many believe that distinctions shouldn't be made when determining when something has a right to life(barring a few mitigating circumstances).  The pro-choicers/abortionists want to determine when such subjective concepts as personhood begins. Believing such to have an important bearing on being human. Over looking conflicts to this concept an the proven slippery slope this has caused in the past.   I mean, seriously, I doubt many anglo's had much of a problem dropping bombs on uppity and barbaric heathen Nips during WWII.  Heck, they even incarcerated them in semi-concentration camps. What about the Nazi's who deemed the retarded to be a burden on society and euthanized them? A new born isn't more of a person with 'mental existance' that the unborn child it was a few moments ago. Nor are the profoundly retarded who are still occasionly found even today.  Seems some want to draw the line at birth. Such seems to be the case now. In philosophy (and sometimes this is translated into practice) can we move that line up or down? Some here think 3rd term abortions never happen. (Mostly non-Americans who's laws dealing with abortion have been different to Americans and they are ignorant of this). Should we place personhood at birth? End of 2nd Trimester? 1 year old? How about a little later?   So, tell me why a woman should be allowed to terminate her human fetus? Sounds like she might be hysterical and need a simple slapping to bring her to her senses...well, that seems to always work in the 1950's movies. Is a born child a few hours old more valuable than it was slightly earlier while still in the womb? Who get's to determine this value?  These discussions could easily be tied in with the philosophy thread on Are all humans created equal. Could be expanded even further. Are minorities less equal than those in the majority? Men vs Women? Aged vs Young. Zygots vs a Fetus.   As it stands, a womans own choice in this particular matter seems to be all that counts. Such an issue doesn't exist in any other realm from what I've ascertained. I want to have this power of life and death myself for other cases too. I know for a fact that most cops are less than average in intelligence.  They really need a whacking. Except the three who are my personal friends. They're pretty cool. Ahhh. Choice...  On second thought. This doesn't sound like a good idea for me. Someone may want to choice me out of the picture too...and as much as I like to be there with the biggest and the mostest...even I can run out of ammo. And I do have to sleep. Which is what I should be doing now instead of rambling in a thread I don't really care that much about in a bout of insomnia... Maybe I should pick my book back up and take another bath...or enjoy some choice nookie with the wife. emoticon_xgood
A.  So much for your claim of being in favor of the right to life. Why not be honest and up front enough to say you are in favor of the right of SOME life.  On the contrary, my view on the right to life is just balanced with justice. Obviously that's a concept you are lacking. Mass murderers and child rapist/killers willingly forfeit their rights to life according to both God and Mans Laws. To preserve them as if they deserve any justice greater than they showed their victims is one reason why our Society is in the condition it's in today. Our morality is upside down when people like you call me inconsistent for wanting to hold responsible adults accountable for violently and selfishly stealing the lives of innocent human beings, while arguing in favor of stealing the life of perfectly innocent children who have never asked for life but none the less are growing in exactly the same way each of us did in order to attain our current status. To consider them nonhuman as you sit and reason the words you're reading right now as a sentient human being is either the epitome of ignorance or hypocrisy. I'll let you define yourself though.  Besides which, it's not a baby until it's born. There is no more guilt in removing a fetus than there is in removing a diseased organ.  How you can claim they aren't people just because they haven't breathed air yet simply boggles the mind. Yet it's you left wing nutjobs who claim the high road of compassion, respect for human and civil rights and equality for all. Just think how ridiculous you sound. 2 hours before a womans water breaks she is carrying nothing more than a tumor in your opinion. But just a few hours later, a living baby exists.   If you fell differently, then order your life accordingly; I will support your right to do so. While you are living your life, do not attempt to extend your warped "morality" to my wife, my three daughters, or my two granddaughters.  This is the whole issue capo, I have morality. Evidently you have none. So that is the Social battle taking place in this generation as we traditional moralists stand up and oppose you reprobates who would redesign our Society in your amoral image which we know from history will only result in Social Chaos. Thanks for your destructive contributions to my Society.  BTW, sin is an artificial construct designed by certain sick humans to keep other humans under their control. There is a remarkable similarity in all you Creons, Torquemadas, and Jauverts. You all think you have a corner on the morality market.  Blah, blah, blah. more atheistic wishful thinking so you wont be held accountable one day for betraying your humanity. Believe me capo, if you really comprehended the truth that faces you on the other side you wouldn't sleep again until you got right with the Living God. Oh, and by the way, we do have the corner on morality because we seek a truth greater than our own.
Well, I suggest you keep on seeking then Archie, because you're well off the mark at the moment.  Considering that this advice is coming from you smiley, I actually find myself speechless as to how I should respond. I mean, I know you're not holding yourself up as an example of high moral standards, so I'm wondering by what authority you question my moral standing ? If I said anal sex was ok I'd be moral in your opinion then, right ? Or if I said that whatever anyone wants to do is fine with me, that would be moral to you, wouldn't it ?
Indeed I do oppose the death penalty for anyone. Why so? Because the system of establishing guilt/innocence is so flawed that innocent persons will be executed, and because I cannot see how killing somebody can in anyway make up for someone killing somebody.   So let's see to what depth your hypocrisy goes shall we ? On the one hand you would reject the overwhelming evidence of DNA which is fool proof evidence to a factor of 1 in 3 or 4 hundred million that the right person has been found. So you would refuse to execute a murderer for that reason, but because someone refers to an unborn child as a zygote, even though every single person you meet, deal with, know and pass by every single day of your life started out exactly like said zygote, you are all too willing to allow a million unborn children each year to be purposely killed as if they were tumors. Do we have this right ?   And once more a fetus or zygote is NOT a baby, calling it one does not make it so. Labelling does not constitute an argument. And its clear that your ability to distinguish what is and is not a baby is lousy.  But you yourself was a zygote then chemist. As were your own parents, siblings, cousins, lifelong friends and every single human being you have ever interacted with on any level what so ever. So you have a lifetime of firsthand evidence of what a zygote becomes when allowed to grow to term and be born. So how can you in good conscience claim that because that being is just months away from being born, it can be referred to as a non living entity referred to as a zygote rather than be seen for the potential life you have witnessed within every single human being you have ever interacted with ?  Don't you see that you are playing a meaningless game of semantics which leads to the extermination of a million plus babies per year ? And for what ? Convenience sake ? Are you really so shallow that it's beyond you to make the connection that I'm relating to you ? Sadly I think you are. To admit you see what I'm saying is true would mean you must admit you've endorsed the senseless death of millions of innocents over the years, so to expunge yourself from that guilt you must maintain that these babies are not really alive but just masses of dead flesh. Forget that beating heart and the developing brain, right ? And forget the human potential in every one of them. emoticon_frazzled :( I'm actually emoticon_emb for you chemist. And I pity you too.
No other realm is as personal and private.   And why would that be?  Why is this the only realm where such a concept as personal and private is considered? I'd love to whack some people in my personal and private life.    @Chemist,  "Still I am responding to your statement that military ops should not target civilian populations, and certainly in these instances that principle was violated."  I didn't say they shouldn't. I said there was a difference in attitudes.  Of the times, since targeting civilians NOW isn't Kosher for most Westerners like it was in times past. And even now, there is that difference in mindset. Most Westerners have an aversion to such whereas other groups don't have a problem with it. Thus, in the current era, you'll notice many Westerners prosecute the targeting of non-combatants as has been rercently done in the examples from Camp Pendelton I mentioned. And other groups not batting an eye when such happens. And the nonchalant shrugs when military targets are annihilated by most sides...except radical pacifistic types who usually couldn't tell a helmet from a bomb to begin with.   Another topic for discussions like this would be the use of civilian shileds by a military target. Do you simply bomb the valid military target or seek to preserve the life of the civilians (at all costs???)  My comments were to illustrate what murder is and how it doesn't apply to military on military violence even in the liberal western world. Which is what some here seem to want to apply. Much like the oppoisition stating an unborn is equal to the born...a concept you don't believe in.  Oh, and a Human Zygote is part of human development, thus Human. Possessing unique DNA and such. That's why it's called a Human Zygot and not a Canine Zygote. Like an infant is part of human development. It may not be a fully developed human just like an infant isn't. What value you place on it is subjective. Same with all other forms of life.  Whether you want to consider an unfertalized egg or sperm cell to be part of human development...it's up to you too. But, life does begin at conception.
Look I am a chemist OK. I have worked extensively in validation of methodologies etc. In the legal world I have often found serious errors by forensic labs in which claims far exceeded what could be scientifically justified. Not to mention gross incompetence and violations of acceptable procedure. Such errors also are made in DNA analysis. In addition in most murder cases the physical evidence is minimal and the convictions are brought in by various witnesses including jailhouse snitches. If you want to see how the system works in practice read John Grishams book "An Innocent Man". His example is extreme in some ways, but its real not fictional.  Then as a chemist you also know that a fertalized egg grows into a santient human being if not brutally killed in the womb too. So why do you so adamently insist on dehumanizing it and endorsing its murder for the convenience sake of its mother ? Your stande is totally inconsistent and hypocritical from a scientific perspective given what is known today about the development of a child in the womb.  I see no reason at all to execute a murderer. How does that solve or resolve anything? Perhaps if we were nomadic and had no ability to confine murderers it would make sense. In modern times its simply a barbarity and unnecessary.  If you see no reasonable justification for executing a cold blooded murderer according to your sense of justice, then how can you justify killing unborn children by the millions per year when you know that if left to grow undisturbed, they will all grow into people just like you are ? And how can you hold such a view without feeling like the hypocrite that one must be to believe as you do ?  A zygote is NOT a baby nor is a zygote a human being. At least you cannot prove that they are. You cannot simply make the assertion that they are and get away with it! We all started out as an egg also - is an unfertilized egg a person. And every egg started out as a germline cell which transformed to a haploid egg. Under your logic even the original somatic cell is a baby or a person. And yes I am perfectly willing to place the decision as to whether to carry a zygote to term in the hands of the person carrying it. Better that than to place it in yours!  Zygote and fetus are WORDS of description that create a mental image to allow you to deny the humanity of unborn children. What is in fact pulled out of the mothers womb is a child of flesh and blood with a beating heart, fingers, toes and a developing brain. Your attempt to dehumanize babies to the status of a tumor may work in your small mind as a so called chemist, but it doesn't work for me so easilly, as reality sets in and the potential life being snuffed out matters to me. Notice at the bottom of this link page with the earliest photo of a fetus, how most of the child is BRAIN/SKULL, but even at only 7 weeks all fingers are formed.  http://www.aboutabortions.com/EmbFetal.htm  When you dress yourself in rags and mourn each human egg which goes unfertilized then your own hypocritical view will be expunged till then you are condoning the death of many many millions of potential human beings each year. Its the same logic note well as you are attempting to use. It does not hunt as they say in the South. It does not hunt at all.  This debate isn't about unfertalized eggs chemist, again you create a false issue in order to cover the weakness and shallowness of your stance. Tell me what is hypocritical about concluding that an unborn child is actually as valuable a human being as we are because one can accurately deduce that because we ALL started out exactly the same way then we have first hand evidence of each so called zygotes potential to be human. To relegate them to the status of a disposable lifeless tumor is the epitome of hypocricy given the first hand evidence that each of us has through personal experience in our own lives.
Z  Why is this the only realm where such a concept as personal and private is considered? I'd love to whack some people in my personal and private life.   You have provided your own answer, you silly thing. The ones you want to "whack" are people, which a fetus most definitely is not. Next question?  Define "PEOPLE".  As demonstrated, A fetus is a human. Values on the fetus vs an infant vs an adolescent vs an adult human may be different but that's subjective too. And if subjectivity is all that's required in Choice, I'm a gonna do some whackin'.   As it stands you silly thing, I can do as I please. More so if I can get nonsensical laws enacted to support me.
A,  So you have a lifetime of firsthand evidence of what a zygote becomes when allowed to grow to term and be born.   Yep, we see very clearly that when a zygote is "allowed to grow", it becomes a person at birth, and not before.  Then even as the simplest human being with the most limited intellect available, aren't you able to make the common sense conclusion that zygote is nothing more than a term created to dehumanize a developing child which is yet to be fully formed ? I mean, only someone in complete denial of their own humanity could consider a so called zygote anything less than fully human.
From "Zardoz" on the philosophy forum, "I could love my retard child more than you love your own capable child."  Retard child, capable child: Z-man?emoticon_mad   It would appear that your concern for "life" ends at birth.  Could you further explain?  You're comparing a one PHILOSOPY (as in the realm of thought and possibilities and not actually actions) statement from one tangent with that of an unrelated discussion.  One of the things you should learn quickly is that comments don't translate to beliefs nor to practices.   The operative word from the PHILOSOPHY forum quote is COULD. As in a possiblility and not a fact.  Also, a Zygot is a 'whole'...not a 'part' like the appendix analogy you're trying to make. A zygot is one step in the complete life cycle of a human...and appendix is merely a part of a human. There is a difference. Sheesh, you're a slow troll.
But then again so are a sperm and an egg! And thus you should mourn (or prosecute?) every wasted potential human being when an opportunity to achieve fertilization is lost! As far as that goes the appendix is one step in the complete life cycle of a human being also!  ? A sperm alone has no chance of becoming fully developed into an adult human. Same with an egg.  Same with an appendix, which is NOT a 'step in the complete life cycle of a human.'   I really don't understand if you're trying to ignore a life cycle. Are you trying to draw a subtle distinction with your application of 'Being'? Redefine something that's already been defined?  As to 'eventually' an appendix has no possibility of becoming an adult human in any naturally occuring way. Nor, does it even seem essential to begin with on it's own. Unlike zygote for example. Sperm needs egg. Egg needs sperm... I've not yet seen them included in the definition of the Human Life Cycle...which usually begins with conception (fertilization, mixing the sperm and the egg).  I'm also curious why you try to interject these ["mourn (or prosecute?)"]subjective comments into your posts when dealing with a godless athiest misanthrope. What purpose would they have in this thread? I don't feel any need or compulsion to mourn a death that doesn't affect me directly. I'm more curious as to whether that death will affect me via some other means, directly or indirectly...same as whether it's continued existance would as well as the manner in which the death happens. As for prosecution...just an aspect of chaos and whim. Sure, execute the mother, doctor and all associated with this crime...then give me their stuff.
A,  Then even as the simplest human being with the most limited intellect available, aren't you able to make the common sense conclusion that zygote is nothing more than a term created to dehumanize a developing child which is yet to be fully formed ? I mean, only someone in complete denial of their own humanity could consider a so called zygote anything less than fully human.  Of course it's human, silly. It ain't no aardvark in there. A ruptured appendix and an ovarian cyst are also human.  What it ain't is it ain't a PERSON until it gets itself born. Appendix, cyst, fetus - no moral issue involved in excising any of them.  Wow, are you comparing a human organ and a cyst/tumor that might be cancerous to be of equal status to an unborn child which has a beating heart, a brain and will grow into a sentient being if allowed to grow till its born ? Will an appendix ever have a personality or hopes and dreams ? Will a tumor ? Not in a million years they wont. But an unborn child if only allowed the short 9 months gestation period will grow into as real and valuable a human being as every person on this forum is.  How can it be beyond your ability to comprehend that simple biological reality that unborn children are unique human beings unto themselves with value and potential, where as internal organs have no value apart from their host and cysts have no intrinsic value to anyone at all. And please don't get into a side argument about organ transplants because I understand that reality too but it has nothing to do with this debate.
If so then our species is doomed. So lets look at that egg - once fertilized by that single lucky sperm - it can go on to develop into a zygote, then a fetus, then a child and adult and repeat the cycle. The egg is as much a part of the reproductive cycle and the zygote. Every egg has the potential to be fertilized by a sperm and to develop into a human.  Operative word was 'alone'. Egg needs Sperm to even have a chance. Alone, egg is flushed out naturally. Alone, sperm...well, depends on how naughty the male is who owns them. ;)  Sperm and egg need uterus, uterus needs heart, lungs, digestive system, digestive system includes appendix and needs it - Zygote,fetus needs appendix. Its all interconnected and ALL part of the human life cycle. Life is continuous and not subject to thresholding. Life does not reappear anew with each generation - it just goes on and on.  Parts don't constitute a whole. A zygote is not a part but a whole. It may rely on other things to continue growth...much like a post-birth human does too...you know, food source, home, clothing... Which are analogous to that uterus. You're arguing parts with cycle. Like arguing apples and potatoes.  Cycles do not have defined starting points and ending points, they are cycles, they go round and round and you can start at any position Yes they do. Often with each stage having a starting point and ending point and a clear name for that stage. The human life cycle has been pretty well defined.  The human starting point is fertilization, leading to seperate life, going onto a zygote, then to a fetus, then to the various stages of infancy and adolescence and adulthood until termination.  Thus singlualar CYCLE and not the plural CYCLES. As in Human (singular) Life Cycle (singluar).  Or, are you stating you don't have a beginning and end point? Sounding a little Christian there Chem.  And while you personally may try to redefine when your own human life cycle started, it has already been previously defined by science well enough.  Trying to equate a Zygot with a parazite is about as accurate as defining an infant as one or even an adult...I'm pretty parasitical...so are most others if we're going all philosophical.
And a zygote is just another organ you realize which MIGHT become a person. But a zygote remains what it IS not what it MAY become. If an egg goes unfertilized what dies is an egg NOT what that egg MIGHT have become - ie a zygote, a fetus, a person. Likewise for a sperm.  A zygote isn't an organ. Isn't listed as one.  What nonsense, seems like you're still trying to muddy the waters.   A zygote is human already. It, on it's own, will not REMAIN in it's state as a zygote indefinatly either. It will either change into it's next human cycle as a fetus...or it will terminate for any number of reasons. Unlike other 'organs' which stay exactly the same.  See, what you're trying to do is think that a zygote is the end all, be all of itself and seperate from human. Which is untrue. Same for Fetus. All of these are Human. Simple. Not part of a human. Not something that could become a human. But actually are HUMAN. It's a stage of Human development. NOT a stage in becoming human. It can't become something that it already is.  Zygote, fetus, infant, child, adult are all human. The names listed above are merely some the descriptions of the developmental stages a human goes through.    I find it odd how some want to equate a fetus with an organ (which is PART of the human it's in) or with a parasite (which is NOT a PART of the human it s in...just a foreign body that's latched on). And while it would actually bear more resemblence to a parasite in nature, it's not a foreignly created creature like a tradional parasite as it required material (the egg) from the host to be created in the 1st place. So, no Aliens movie here...even if the sucker could kill you.
Nope its arbitrary where you start the cycle. Nope. You're wrong.  And the zygote if alone has no chance of becoming a human being either does it? The zygote needs the body of the woman to proceed to birth - at least for now it does. Your argument is not consistent!  It is a human. Not in the way you want to think it seems though.   Needing as host to live is IRRELEVANT. Sheesh. Does it really matter is the natural life cycle of the human includes a parasitic stage for sake of discussion? Human is human is human.   Your arguments are nonsensical and don't comply with the host of information I've read and learnt on biology. Are you sure you're scientifically based? You sure don't seem so. Missing dividing points and confusing definitions. Sounds like you're grasping to support an agenda rather than approach the issue honesty. Want to include the sperm and egg as part of it? So what, what will it affect? Try to argue that since someone doesn't value the egg and sperm independantly then they shouldn't value an invetro human also? Okay...then I can use the same logic to say we don't have to value a exvitro human too.    Personally, I have little concern for human life beyond how it affects me.  Such debates as this are amusing as they often show the intellectual dishonesty of people and appeals to emotion. Much like Death Penalty and Gun Law debates.
http://courses.bio.psu.edu/fall2005/biol110/tutorials/tutorial2_files/fig_13_3.jpg  By the way is a diagram of the human life CYCLE note well that you can start equally well at any point and that its arbitrary where you do so. Actually define 'Life'.   Seems we're posting at the same time...me from work where I don't have a lot of ability to focus on this atm.   But, the diagram presented actually is pretty poor. It could lead one to think that sperm+egg change into zygote=fetus=infant=adult and then that adult could turn around and participate in it's OWN creation. Each Cycle is one Full Loop that connects to another forming the life cycles of Humanity. The parents are NOT the child who is NOT the partents. There are beginning points for an independant life that does not have to continue on with the chain. Thus, you could terminate your cycle at the elderly stage in your human life.  This is pretty elementary education stuff. If you terminate at one point, then ALL that happened to get you to that point happened 1st...before. You can back track this until you get to a stage that you can't regress back any further on. That's the starting point of your individual Cycle. And cycle is a very loose term that's being muddied by you here. Now, if you want to get all religious and such, the idea that a sperm was a human awaiting planting in the dirt/ womb of a woman was pretty much believed 200+ years ago. Spoken of even in the bible. This belief (born of ignorance) ws the grounds against masterbation in the past. The knowledge of the existance of an egg cell from the woman didn't exist.  This talks about the human life cycle also.  And here is a good example of a non-human life cycle (of a human parasite by the way). Note the differences and similarities.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Schistosomiasis_Life_Cycle.jpeg  And?
To biologists life cycle diagrams dipict gene flow and ploidy as well as structures involved. The cycles are for the species not for individual members of same. The germline gene flow is continuous and if broken then that germline is lost. And as I said you can start at any arbitrary point on the cycle.  Your comparing 2 different issues. Thus mudding the issue. We're not talking about gene flow and the like. We're talking about a single life.  For the sake of this discussion, when did you begin? When does life begin?  Because from where I'm at, it begins at conception. It's unique (possessing a unique DNA pattern) and it's human. Key elements don't change (like the DNA) throughout the life cycle of this individual entity. Attributes and abilities change but, it's still what it is.  These are simple facts.  If you want to start attaching value judgements like on it's worth to another, or lack thereof, we can go to that discussion rather than quibble over something so basic as when life begins (and once it begins, it has one cycle and in cycle, I don't mean circular or needing to continue, more like 'development' if that makes it any clearer).  So, we can go back to debating if a minor should be able to get an abortion without parental permission. We can debate when societial values (and individual ones) would have a bearing on preserving life or ending it.  To date, from my observations on the abortion subject. The proabortion side seems to want to deny that anything inutero is not human or alive. When presented with the information that it is, subjective topics like personhood come up as defense.
Z,  Personally, I have little concern for human life beyond how it affects me.   Then why are you bloviating so vehemently? emoticon_mad  emoticon_rolleyes  Because there are many more sub issues wrapped up in this debate than simple human life. Because I also said "How it affects me". Seeing as these are subjective discussions, such an issue could affect me, directly or indirectly.  Follow your linage back as far as you wish and there is no beginning of life. There is a beginning and an end to an individual life. My individual life didn't start until the merging of two other, seperate lives as you claim. As for the meta issue you're trying to present, way, way, way back life originated from somewhere...but, that would be a debate for the creationism forums. No?  Furthermore, you go on to discuss personhood rather than deal with the basic element of this tangent...which is individual human life and the human life development (cycle) which IS clearly defined. As it stands, subjectively I can attest that you posses no 'personhood' by my narrow and subjective definition of that word.  Furthermore than that, the laws exist to try someone for murder if they kill that zygote carried by another woman all because she subjectively defined it as a 'person' (or whatever) thus, YOUR definition doesn't matter...as it's not a universally accepted one. As I said, if you want to discuss such issues as personhood, we could go on to do that rather than stay hungup on this topic. But, I'd find it boring. I've been in the debates over 'personhood' before and find it more dogmatic with no real purpose to be accomplished. It's a subjective term used to justify most anything.  Also, your 'personhood' defense isn't one, as abortion rights aren't founded upon any need or use of that term. I've never seen a ruling stating 'Well, it's not a person, so the owner can kill it if they want too.' Or 'It's a person, so aborting it is wrong.'  Prior to approx. the beginning of the third trimester, clearly not a sentient being; a.k.a. "person".  "The proabortion side seems to want to deny that anything inutero is not human or alive. When presented with the information that it is, subjective topics like personhood come up as defense."  Sorry to have been too 'blanket' in my statement, but the jist of my comment is valid and even supported by your own statement.  I should have added in 'Most proabortion supporters...' Person, mental existance, etc. I find many terms often used to mean the same thing.  The problem I have with them is they are subjective.  For example, you can induce an abortion in yourself and get no punishment but if I were to do the same to you, I could face a murder charge against the fetus...that's not sentient, a person...what ever.  Similar other laws also exist such as in the killing of animals. Illegal to make them 'suffer', unless it's religious related for example.  I find the concept of enforcing individual subjectiveness to be pretty bizarre.
Ah yes but I am perfectly capable of rebutting your claim. I hereby claim to be a person. To do so requires that I have a modeately functional brain and am sentient - or at least I self designate myself as such. Just try to get THAT out of a zygote my friend. With a zygote there is simply no there there so to speak - much like Oakland.  You're not according to my subjective definition of person. So nayh! :p But, no, a Zygote can't do that. But, then again, neithr can a new born infant nor the profoundly retarded. yet, ironically, they're treated as persons. Labled as such by most others.   Yep its all well defined all right. A separate and identifiable human life starts precisely at the moment the cord is cut not one nanosecond sooner. Its well defined, its measurable, and its easily observable. Now you may not like that statement but its the absolute truth and you cannot possibly contest it!  Nope, you're wrong. Again.  Thus, you have cases where legal protection is extended to the fetus and such prior to all that happening. How can you murder something that isn't a person or a seperate identifiable human life?  What you're doing is applying your own definitions...which, are subjective and don't pan out into reality.  Just to show you the weakness of your own argument mind you! Arbitrary declarations based on defined but essentially irrelevant landmarks do not provide any kind of fundamental support for a rational argument. AND should you wish to argue irrationally you will accomplish nothing but eventually countervailing irrational arguments in return. Debate and issue resolution requires rational debate not purely irrational declaration as a basis. Back at you. As it stands, you've not addressed questions on when your individual life starts. You seem to be confusing personhood with life. And your individual life certainly didn't predate the sperm and the egg that went into making it.  Alas none of us are or can be omniscient, you included. The universe is not necessarily a fully objective environment and trying to deal with it "objectively" is setting oneself up for either infinite contemplation or failure. Define all you like the stages of the human reproductive cycle, you will not find anyway to reliabley jump from "the cycle is at the zygote stage" to the inference "a new human being now exists" with any bright line certainty. The line is necessarily drawn with uncertainty and subjectivity. If this were not so then we would have scientific proof that a zygote is a human being - and we do not. If anything the science indicates otherwise. This isn't about the reproductive cycle.  It's about human development and the stages that individual human goes through.  I'm curious, since you think a zygote isn't human, what is it? What about a fetus?  I'm also curious what your nationality is.  Actually that would not be legal after the second trimester in most circumstances. But if I were to become pregnant and seek your services to abort my fetus, and you possessed the means and medical qualifications to do so, and did so at my request and with my consent, then neither of us would be in any legal pickle.  On the other hand if you walked into my home and opened me up and killed my fetus without my consent etc then YOU are liable for your actions. Its a matter of consent you understand.  However, in order to face a murder charge, wouldn't I have to murder a person. You seem to be saying a zygote/ fetus isn't one. Law (subjectively and occasionally) says otherwise.  I do understand consent. But, the issues is even having the power of consent to begin with.  As a pregnant woman I have the decision making authority and can if I wish consent to an abortion OR I can if I wish NOT seek an abortion. In either case a coercive abortion is not tolerated by the legal system.  Which goes to support my case to a degree. Causing you an unwanted abortion isn't a simple assault or other crime. It can be considered murder with recent laws.  You, the mother can determine if your fetus is a person and give birth and have it protected by law. Or you can determine that it isn't and have an abortion.  Thus, unlike your previous mentioned statements, there is no clear cut definition for personhood or whatever you want to say and when it actually/ technically happens.   Furthermore, there's a natural leaning by the law to consider it a 'person' for legal issues. So, if you're pregnant, haven't made any communications to anyone on whether you wanted to keep it or not and I kill you...I could easily face a double homicide charge.  Let me remind you of your comment again; Yep its all well defined all right. A separate and identifiable human life starts precisely at the moment the cord is cut not one nanosecond sooner. Its well defined, its measurable, and its easily observable. Now you may not like that statement but its the absolute truth and you cannot possibly contest it! See, that isn't the truth except in your own mind and by the desires of your cohorts. Not only have I contested it but, many other humans have and so have as well as the law. But, maybe you want to contact Scott Peterson's lawyers and let them know your truth. I'm also sure others would like to know that their convictions are unjustified seeing as that identifiable human life they took never happened (well, not in the manner you describe it).  See, human life begins at conception. Prior to that, it's sperm life and egg life. And, seperate is also irrelevant considering it doesn't matter what stage the life is in or what it form it takes. Life is life.   If you want to argue that you have no value/use for the fetus and don't think you should be forced to care for it against your will, fine. Much more sound arguement. And if someone accuses you of being selfish or cold hearted...so what? They'd consider that of you no matter what.  Sigh.  Someone go make a comment in Religion, Politics...anything fun. I'm pretty bored with this. No insult to you Chem, but this is pretty much what the Abortion debate is all about. After a few moments of it, you should realize that unless you just want to poke fun at people, there really is no point debating. I just don't have much fun looking for things to poke fun at in these forums. Not much material to work with...if you get the pun. ;)
A zygote is human, so is a fetus, but that doesn't confer rights, anymore than the skin cells on the ground, from my skinned knee, are human too. Actually, your skin cells are part of a human, not A human. Difference.  If you are refering to citizenship, I think you can rest assured s/he at least has that much, since in the U.S. at least, it is confered, with equal rights, upon birth, to all persons.  Not all posters are from the US. Laws regulating some of the issues discussed vary from nationality to nationality. Including rights or parts there of, be it human rights or legal rights. You'll also notice that these 'rights' are never universal for all man, no matter what some may wish or think. *subject for philosophy forums.  In the US, legal rights are definiatly not equally granted upon birth. Rights of minors differ from those of an adult. There are even laws protecting the fetus.  It's patch work.   @cap0,  Your individual life didn't begin until you were born; up until that time, you were a parasite living off a real, born person.  Thank you for agreeing with me. In your ignorance you fail to realize that you state it is LIVING. That you classify it as a parasite is irrelevant! A tick, a flea, a worm...parasites. Yet, individual ALL LIVING beings. ;) Thanks. It doesn't matter what form that life takes, the simple matter is, it's a life.  You, and others still keep mixing in your beliefs on personhood with simple definitions of life.  Absolutely Humanity begins at birth and not before. Its the obvious landmark and it should be the basis of our law.  Should doesn't mean IS. And it ISN'T.  Nor is it as obvious as you'd want it to be.  Humanity doesn't begin at birth. What unsupported nonsense.   From where I'm sitting, you're just making stuff up at this stage and trying to suggest that human life spontaneously begins at birth. Which is untrue.
Actually a zygote is part of a (potential) human not A human. Nope, it's seperate and attached to a human, thus you get the silly parasite comparison. And it's not a potential human, it's an actual human. Maybe 'potential infant' or even 'potential adult' but, it's still a stage in human development. That zygote doesn't need anything other than a nutrition source to grow and develop further. It doesn't need seperate, exterior elements beyond that. You don't need to add in other parts to have it develope further. It does that on it's own using only a fuel/food source.   There is a difference between human cells or tissues which are alive and A human. You yourself recognize this distinction above.  Yep, cells are a PART of a human, a zygote is a stage in human development. Skin cells aren't a developmental stage.  And from where you sit how does the claim that human life spontaneously begins at the instant of fertilization seem to you. If one is unsupported then so is the other.  Of course human life begins at fertilization. There is nothing prior to that save seperate component elements.   See, before birth, there was the fetus stage if that particular humans development. Before that, the Zygote stage. Each stage has a name that is used to not only describe that stage but the  Before the fertilization, there were seperate parts that on their own had no potential for anything.   Nope its ALIVE but its not A LIFE. On the other hand if you wish to consider the treatment of say a tape worm to be abortion then you can continue down your current irrational badly reasoned path. These are value judgements. I don't think we're at that stage in this discussion.   Once more my friend you cheek cells are LIVING they have their own LIFE but its NOT A LIFE nor is a cheek cell a HUMAN BEING. You're comparing a part of a whole to a whole. A zygote is a whole. Many have admitted it. Even comparing it to a parasite which is a whole, living entity also.   Likewise a zygote is NOT A HUMAN BEING nor is the "LIFE" of a zygote equivalent to the life of a human being. You keep pushing value jusgements into this.  Your attempt (continuous) to confuse life as such with humanity is tedious and unuseful to the debate. Being alive does not make a human cell or tissue a human being and cannot be argued to do so. All humans beings are of course alive, but every human cell which is alive is not a human being no matter how you attempt illogically slice it.  Nope, unlike many who have admitted that it's a life and alive, you try to skirt this with nonsense. Drowning out this, simple and elementry discussion with attached value judgements. If you want to discuss values, then do so. But, as they (values) are subjective then anyone is capable of doing so. Thus, my claims that you're not human, a human being, a person, possessing personhood or any other term you wish to muddle are equally valid.  Now, when we deal with your value judgements, we can deal with many related things to the HUMAN form and what have you. Such as legal protections for the dead, euthanasia, profoundly retarded people, infants, the 'brain dead', organ harvesting, elective surgery...  But, as it stands, you appear to be trying to attach other requirements for being 'human' that simply being 'a live'.   So, while I may seem tedious, you seem dishonest. There's a huge difference between zygote and a skin cell.
Ok then remove it and put in a bowl of cherrios and see how it does! I will lay odds that it will not achieve its potential as a human being. Its not an actual human, for example if you found a zygote by the side of the road you probably would not even notice it, if you found an actual human you most certainly would. And by the way your concept of the interaction between the woman and the zygote is extremely wrong, the interactions go much deeper than that and in fact they DO have elements of parasite host interactions in which the parasite mobilizes host resources for its own selfish benefit.  Yes, in the parasitical stage, a human will die if removed from it's host. Considering that that's how it sustains itself during it's early incarnation as it grows. I'm reminded of the louse...poor lice, Remove them and they die quickly too.  Much like anything though. Remove it's means to sustain itself and it dies.  Even born infants will quickly die without a host to sustain them in one manner (or with modern ingenuity, the use of formula or another animals milk) or another. They certainly can't care for themselves. Disgusting parasitical creatures :p It's just that in this form, the parasite has detached itself from the host.  As for the interaction. Of course that's what parasites do. Often times, they also trigger chemical reactions that could almost lead to a symbiotic relationship. I do know hormone changes are noted in the host. Ever note how a blood sucker releases anti-coagulants into it's host?  Nope human life never begins - its an unbroken chain for any living human. All the parts are alive, all are human right back to the first common ancestor. All the components are alive and all are of human origin. This of course does not mean that the components are human beings. Only that they are human cells and are alive. Riiiggghhttt.  Alive and a life are not exactly the same thing as you've stated.  A human is the sum of it's component parts.   I won't touch that 'human being' term you keep pushing out unless it's clearly defined. Many pro-choicers/abortionists often attach connotations to it to get a different meaning.  Yes a zygote is an identifiable structure. Even so that does not make it a human being or a person. And it is parasitic on the host woman. A tapeworm is a whole also, but its not a person either. And there you go...once again. Tossing out relative and subjective terms like 'person'. Can you hold the argument without resorting to terms that require value judgments? I'm unconcerned with person / personhood / being / mental existence or what ever demarcation used to enact a value judgment. I never said anything was a person. All I maintain is that a zygote is a stage of human development (since you don't like life 'cycle'). If you don't want to attribute these things to an inutero entity, fine. But, you're still killing something. Even if you value it no more than you do a tape worm. Just know that many other humans do. And laws exist to support them in some circumstances. Much like they do for you. Arbitrary laws to support peoples arbitrary desires.  And of course human life begins at birth. There is nothing prior to that but a developing mass of tissue. See before birth there was the zygote (not a human being) and before that the fetus (not a human being). Before birth there were only tissues and structures which were not a human being. Upon birth the potential to be a human being is realized and not before. Hmmm... Didn't you previously say that human life has no beginning? Ahh yes, you did. Nope human life never begins... You intentions seem to muddle personhood with human and waffle on when individual life begins or doesn't...hard to tell. You also know what? I can use your same logic and apply it to a born infant. Before human adulthood / maturity is reached, all that exists is a lump of cells and tissue that has the potential to become a human being  Did you know that a human continues to develop until they reach maturity? Even this concept of person isn't formed until the late 20's when personality cements into a constant.  Did you also know that many women would attest that their fetus possessed a personality on it's own while in the womb. Each pregnancy differing from one another.  Your arguments are both silly and poorly structured. They readily are reduced to the absurdities that they are. Really? I hadn't noticed that I backed off from my stances nor waffled in commentary. I did alter 'life cycle' to 'development' to make it easier for you to understand what's being discussed. You haven't repudiated this but continuously skulk to the refuge of subjectiveness of validating why it's okay to terminate a human life at a certain stage in it's existence. I'd hazard a guess as to why you won't openly admit to doing this is because the bar can be raised and lowered and standards of acceptance of that human life manipulated until it may affect you personally.  Yes indeedie do, your arguments are purely objective and without any value judgements. On the other hand if you claim (by proclamation) that a zygote is a human being, then I will simply claim that only birth indicates a human being. BOTH are value judgments you realize and the biological milestones do not and cannot be used to infer human being from mere human life. And thus the proof in my points about your side. I never inferred 'being' (euphemism for person) as being the same as human life.  As I've been trying to convey all along, it's (zygote / fetus) a human life.  You are the one who imposes a milestone. For me, from beginning to end, zygote to deathbed...it's simply a human in one form or another.  As I said previously, I don't 'value' it at all (in any stage) except as it relates to me directly or indirectly. Termination of this life at any stage is termination of a human life. In the philosophy forums, you'll find that I don't champion any form of beliefs in equity between various humans as equity and value are subjective. What you've done here, has been to attach value judgments at every opportunity to support your beliefs.    But on the other hand there is a huge difference between a zygote and a human being. What, praytell are they?  Would you care to define human being for me? As asked, what separates an inutero fetus from an exutero new born? It's parasitical nature? Additional legal protections?  How does one become a person?  Yep all such issues revolve around value judgements just as when a human being first comes into existense does. You cannot escape the subjective nature of the question. So, in the end, all that matters is who has the most support/ power to enact their value judgments upon the masses. Thus, if I have more to support me in defining human being, person or personhood as not including whatever I want excluded, I is teh winna?  See? As I initially stated, abortion debates are pointless. What I need is more jingoism, charisma, razzle dazzle and constant threats and promises to sway the masses.  All three however are alive Actually, skin cell is alive but isn't a life. A zygote, being a human, is alive and is a life much like it is in it's adult version once development has been completed or at anytime inbetween.   Want to deal with larva and their mature forms? Or, do you consider them alive but not a life...per your definitions.
Even before that, as well. The 'component parts' are alive. Two life forms fuse into one, but those two do represent a form of human life. Alive, but not 'a life'. As I've argued, if you want to consider an egg and sperm to be a life too, then fine. Prior to the 1800's the egg wasn't even known about.  But, once these two entities merge, the result is a new, unique life. Life form + Life form = new life form. Thanks for acknowledging that they are 'life' forms...as in whole, compete entities. You've strengthened my position.  Alive implies something subtly different from 'a life'. And 'a life' doesn't have to be human. A single insect is a life, no matter what stage of it's development it's in.  Being a human skin cell is of human origin and is not a human (whole human).  Being a zygote is of human origin (it came from humans) and is a human (whole human. Which, at that stage of it's existance, it is whole).  Not really since humans do not utilize a larval stage being mammals. And why not? We've likened the issue to parasites and masses of tissue. Afraid it will weaken your position in attacking the concept of 'a life'?  See, what you've done here, is admit that there are stages to mammalian existance. Of which a human is a mammal.
http://www.4forums.com/political/member.php?u=989  Nope.  ?  They are 'a life' as much as a zygote is 'a life' and both are human in origin :-\ There really is little qualitative difference, to my mind at least. With the mental structures necessary for consciousness, at least there is the possibility of an individual present. If you see individuals (that is, creatures with a mind) differently than non-individuals, a different set of morals should apply at that point.  While I'd agree when we get to the concept of personhood, you'll find that that's not a universal belief. Thus, we have odd laws that protect someone who really doesn't possess these capabilities simply because they are of human form.  And, we don't have laws to protect things that don't possess the human form even if they did posses this consciousness, personhood, personality.  Human form seems to be the common denominator currently. It's also why many support abortion in early pregnancy because they don't recognize the life there as possessing human form.   Form = Image.   The difference between sperm, egg and zygote seems smaller than the pregnancy at early stages vs. late stages. But, there is a difference.   Fine by all of us. Let the women in your family, as Luther said, "Have babies until they're dead of it!"  Just don't dare impose your warped views of personhood on those of us who believe differently.  That's nonsensical.  It seems to be the opposite though, you and those who support abortion want to impose views of personhood onto others. Then be able to use that as the determinator for deciding who gets to live and who gets to be killed.  I'm an adoptive parent of 3 with one birth child. I'm really unconcerned with breeding. What I am concerned with is who get's to determine who will live and who will die and their reasoning for makng those decisions. Furthermore, it's not fine by ALL. Some support my stances. Some don't.  As it stands, value judgements are being used to aritrarily determine which human lives and which dies. In abortion, we deal with the zygote and fetus stages of that human. In euthanasia, we deal with other forms of that human.  If you have no value placed upon them (or others), of course you not care if it lives or dies. You don't see any impact upon you life. I could say you're myopic and don't see a larger picture. But, I could also simply be being reactionary.  Given humanity's past and our noted inhuman treatment of one another...I'd say the odds are on me being correct.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a fund raiser for eugenics programs to attend. Must help create that great superman master race of mankind...since this one is obsolete. See you in the work camps. ;)  Now, that's subjective.
You do realize that laws are human social constructs do you not? Do you really expect them to be consistent across the board? And do you really think that an inconsistency in a social construct makes for a good scientific argument? I'd have thought that the scientific issue of the debate had given way to the subjective by now. They are seperate issues. And I'm fully aways of the inconsistent rules applied to this and other subjects. That's why I point them out too. to get acknoledgement of the inconsistencies. I never said that these inconsistancies delt with scientific issues.   Actually its because they have concluded that the fetus is not in fact a human being or a person. Wrong. There are many other humans that don't qualify (by your own definitions) as a human being or a person. They, however, are protected by the laws. The conclusions are also not universally held...or we wouldn't be having these debates.  And I would point out that what pro-choice folks support is not abortion so much as the right of the woman to choose whether or not to have an abortion - that tolerance of individual decisions protects women who might wish to have an abortion as well as those who would not. Much different from the pro-life position which would force every woman to act the same way regardless of her own personal beliefs. Pro-life is coercion, pro-choice is freedom. Take your pick tyranny or freedom. Pro choice supports a woman having an abortion, they support that abortion is a viable choice for dealing with unwanted inutero human life.   I can understand you message on 'minding your own businesses'. However, that same message could apply to you if I had a 'Full bible' belief system and desired to kill my children due to their disobedience. For is it not written that I can do so? And the thing is a child until the ritual age of 13, when tradition and religious practices make them an adult in their own right. Seeing as up until a certain point, the human form hasn't completed it's development into personhood and independence. ;)  So, why would you seek to counter that belief system?
 Those who equate "human form" (only) with "personhood" generally seem to be laboring under the notion of "God created man in His image" and that these human forms have souls or spirits separate from the mind/brain/consciousness. Many (I daresay most) would recognize, if facing it honestly, that a brain without a body would and should be a person before a body without a brain.  Don't know where you got that notion. Human form is appearance. Personhood is a state of being. Laws seem more based on the appearance of that human that what it actually is 'person' wise.   As there is between pre- and post-natal humans. Is one less arbitrary? Comparing a single cell that's part of a whole to a whole is different than comparing two different stages of that whole. Subjective Value could be the same dependent upon individual preference but, objectively there is a difference.  Or, do you want me comparing you to a single skin cell?
Supports is such a weasal word. Under pro-choice a woman may choose to have an abortion or not. She (not someone else) makes the choice. Support is the wrong word to describe the situation. That abotrtion is a viable option does not mean that it is forced upon the woman, it does not even mean that its recommended, and it does not mean that its advocated.  But, you support her choice to have an abortion.  Basically, you're letting someone else do as they please in regards to inutero human development...except in some circumstances.  Nope the pro-choice folks want the freedom to determine the issue for themselves rather than have you do it for them. They also want you to make your own determination should the issue arise for you. In pro-choice you will neither be forced to carry a fetus to term, nor will your pregnancy be forcibly terminated against your will by your fellow men. I want these rules to apply to me and my ex-utero humans too. Particularly the ones not completely formed in infancy and adolescence. I simply don't know why you should care about what I do with something that's part of my body.
Do you wish to be compared to a newly fertilized egg? *shrugs* Does it matter?  Have you compared a human being to a zygote perhaps? How did it turn out? What if you did the comaprison from the point of view of an alien species with a different biology? Would you conclude that a zygote and a human being are equivalent?  Review what I said about my values on other human life.  Want to comment on the bioethical debate a few years back over the Small Pox virus genocide? IIRC, there was a minor controversy on whether a harmful lil' critter should have it's last remaining colony's of life exterminated. After all, on one hand, it's harmful to human life. Doesn't exist in any known environment other than the laboratory. Isn't really worth much and definatly isn't comparable to humans. But, on the other, it was life and exterminating such could pose further ethical questions later...maybe a slippery slope for those pesky Romany peoples. Darn Gypsies. What are they useful for?  As for the Romanians... You do know that some doctors in the US don't allow for tubaligations...even if you already have 'enough children'? My sister's an example. Doctors refused to 'fix her' as they thought she may want more kids later in life. She was youngish when she had the 2nd and 3rd.    As for the OP of this post. Since we're dealing with Choice and youth. How about the reverse? Should a pregnant teen be forced by others to terminate a pregnancy? Even if she doesn't want it? Youth Shelters often paired with doctors and the teens parents will arrainge for oral inducement of a miscariage vis medication. My wife as a youth shelter supervisor was instructed to administer the medication to do so, however she refused. The nature of minor affairs in the US and how some deliberatly misinterpret sealed records/ privacy laws for minors is quite appaling. Maybe this should be the topic for another thread.
I do not care a fig about what you do with a PART OF YOUR BODY. On the other hand your children are NOT part of your body are they? They are independent human beings in their own right. On the other hand a zygote or a fetus is until birth clearly a "part" of your body and has no independent existense as a being.  Yes it is part of my body. Even your earlier argument on 'life cycle' would support that. It's formed from part of my body...if a Zygote is.  A zygote is ATTACHED to a body, not part of it. Thus the parasite comparison.  It's an either/or here.
I have been basing my comments on moral/philosophical notions, not legal ones. K. ;) This is getting convoluted here, I'm only 'half here' having to post from work...nasty multi-tasking.  The single cell of the zygote is the whole. Regardless, however, unless you assign special significance to 16 cells vs 8 cells vs 4 cells vs 2 cells vs 1 cell the difference still seems arbitrary between the sperm, egg and zygote. Perhaps you can shed more light? Yep, and that cell as a life form, grows and changes. Just like any other life form.   Question, would you support 'choice' for killing off this zygote form of a human if ALL women wanted it? Always?  You do know this would result in the extinction of the human race.
Z,  It seems to be the opposite though, you and those who support abortion want to impose views of personhood onto others.   Not at all, you silly child. If you and yours want to persist in the silly belief that personhood is conferred at conception, by all means go ahead and do so. Organize your lives around that principle if you wish.  You will not hear a single objection from us. On the other hand, you have a moral obligation to accept that those who differ from you are just as moral and ethical as you when they hold to a different belief and organize their lives around their belief. See, it's really simple; you go your way, and I'll go mine. I won't hurt you, and you can't hurt me. Now, was that hard?  Thank you.  You've just justified genocide in foreign countries with your statements.  "You have a moral obligation to accept that those who differ from you are just as moral and ethical as you when they hold to a different belief and organize their lives around their belief."  Actually, no one has a moral obligation to this or anything. What made up nonsense.   And, since some of the past posters brought up the concept of laws and respect...we should respect the laws of other lands, of other cultures.  All I need to do to get laws passed, one way or another, is to get support. So, there really is no need to discuss any fact nor debate with the opposition. Rhetoric and mud slinging would work best to move the masses to support one side over the other.  "If you and yours want to persist in the silly belief that personhood is conferred at conception, by all means go ahead and do so. Organize your lives around that principle if you wish."  Will Do. That belief will extend to ALL though.  "You will not hear a single objection from us."  Somehow...I doubt it. Actually, these whole forums ar about you obvjecting to this.   See, it's really simple. My side destroys your side...then we don't have to worry about your side hurting us...directly or indirectly. After all cap0, you've proven that you don't have a live and let live policy.   Now, where did I put my propaganda posters. ;)  Much like a rapist believes that the woman he rapes is enjoying it and actually loves him simply because he has the power to force his will on her. Its a twisted human mind that can think that way. W T F Chem?  Rapist don't believe that. They typically don't care. So far, the only 'twisted mind' who can think that...was yours.  If you should have an abortion or provide an abortion they are content to shoot you in the head to prevent your making your own choices.  And that's a falsehood too.   And with this, I'm a leaving. Chem's not able to see the illogicalness of his approach, the contradictions he's trying to push to justify his position. Either a life is part of mine because it's part of me (genetically speaking) or it's a seperate life that's merely attached to me. Life never begins...or it begins at conception. There have been comparisons to rapists and a desire to kill a woman who's had an abortion. Which aren't true.  You lost the objective debate whether you realize it or not because you can't maintain your position without resorting to subjective value judgements. When I reply that such subjectiveness can be arbitrarily applied to other points (besides birth event), you resort to the admittedly arbitrary legal system as support. A legal system that can be manipulated. I've seen the laws tossed aside several times to force abortion against one's will in regards to a minor child.   Fact of the matter is a unique life begins at conception. It's a human life. It goes through several developmental stages before maturation. You think it's okay to terminate that human life prior to conception for subjective reasons as it's not a 'person'. I really don't care what reasons you use. Factually speaking, you're killing something. The legals of whether that killing is murder, justifiable or not...really don't matter. They'll be changed, as they are over time. With the pendulum swinging back and forth as desired or opposed.  @sigma If all women wanted it I think we would have more problems in society than abortion. Those other problems should take priority. To answer your question, yes. I would seek artificial means of reproduction sooner than requiring women to remain pregnant against their will by law :P Irrelevant whether society had problems. It wasn't included in this scenario. Other factors besides 'societial issues' could play a role in this decision by all women to have abortions.  And, quite frankly, unless science were to change to make your desires for artificial reproduction possible, we would go extinct following your wishes. In all likelihood, exteme draconian behavior would take place to ensure that human existance would continue. The type that existance continued as is irrelevant seeing as human societies have changed drastically over time. With those standing in the way removed forcefully. (See also Children of Men and the Handmaids Tale.)  Heck, under your method, if successful, we could even see the removal of the female portion of humanity in this scenario. It wouldn't take much to convince some that they're less useful than males. (See also China).  Knowing how flexible human beliefs are, odds would be you'd change your tune if such an event were to happen. The reverse would be true also. More opposed to abortion would seek it if human fertility increased (say with routine multiple births) and ovr population issues felt. Maybe even with enforced sterilizations after the 1st or 2d 'litter'.   Anyway, ciao for now guys.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/06/07/nfert107.xml   Arab's birth rate - 7-10 kids  Birth rate in UK - below 2....   And we wonder why it seems muslims are taking over the world... DUH !!! THEY care about life more than the "free" world....  I believe that one of the reasons we are dealing with terrorism in the world is because we are committing mass murder on babies in the womb...  Need i say more...
Your reasoning of the effects of abortion are correct.  The liberals who see abortion as a normal, acceptable, right to choose abortion are aborting themselves into extinction.  Reverence, and a love of life is not what motivates Muslims. The power of Islam is. There is nothing to indicate that Muslims "love" life. They'll cut your limbs or head off for nearly any reason. They'll remove your head with a hacksaw so to take the time for "you" the victim to enjoy the moment and to voice your opinion and video it for your family and countrymen to enjoy.
The women of Islam need to become feminists. That's all that's needed.  Do you want them all dead?
Wow, I don't think I've ever seen an argumentum ad Muslim TM in the abortion debate before.  I'm sure you haven't. But it is a worthy thread because of the reality that Islam "is" closing in on what we consider "the free world". If you love your freedom and the choices you now have, you should pay attention to Islam.  They are consumed with a hatred for the west and are dedicated to their cause.  Symbiote declares this the worst thread ever. It is unpleasant, but, Islam will not be denied. The numbers Cruiser provided mean a lot. Especially to progressives.
Yes, if you love freedom, you'll support draconian legislation impeding on the rights of women, ethnic minorities, and well, anyone really the ruling regime doesn't like.  Only through Mindless Obedience to our Great Leader can we be truly free!  You live in Sydney, is there a major difference in women's rights issues compared to the status of these rights is the U.S.? Women's rights in the west are far advanced compared to those of Islamic women. I understand that you are being facetious but are rights ignored for women in Oz? What impeding legislation are you referring to? Which leader are you referring to?
In point of fact, the low birth rate in most of Europe is not due to the availablity of abortion, but to good sex education and the ready availablity of effective contraception to everyone who needs it. See this study, for instance:   http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/PUBLICATIONS/factsheet/fsest.htm  People have small families because they want small families. In point of fact, the abortion rate in Europe is generally much lower than the rate in the US, due, again, to education and contraception.   Would you force folks to have children they don't want?    His point was criticism of people managing the numbers of their population with abortion. It also addresses the intentional overpopulation for the purpose of overwhelming declining populations.
In point of fact, the low birth rate in most of Europe is not due to the availablity of abortion, but to good sex education and the ready availablity of effective contraception to everyone who needs it. See this study, for instance:   http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/PUBLICATIONS/factsheet/fsest.htm  People have small families because they want small families. In point of fact, the abortion rate in Europe is generally much lower than the rate in the US, due, again, to education and contraception.   Would you force folks to have children they don't want?    His point also addresses the intentional overpopulation for the purpose of overwhelming declining populations by Islam.
I rather think that the incidence of abortion is far lower in Europe owing to their higher standards of sex education and access to contraception without the impeding hypocrisy of American religious culture.  I rather think you can't prove it either.  In my case religion has nothing to do with my desire to stop slaughtering the effects of stupidity. It has to do with reverence for life and my overwhelming disrespect for people demanding "rights" as they snuff out the life of and disregard the rights of their victims. To add insult to injury, they not only demand the right to kill, they expect to be respected. Ha.
 1. Simone is quite right...women will no longer breed to order according to the dictats of outdated religion. British Muslim women will follow at some point (many already are).   2. There are a few hothead extremists who sit on London street corners with placards stating that "UK will be Islamic", "Sharia Law for UK" etc. etc. But those nutters are ignored along with all the other (non-religious) nutters currently walking the streets of London.  3. Muslims are taking over' is a poor excuse of a reason to be anti-abortion and shows desperation, IMO!  1. Simone may be right about women choosing not to breed to order. Perfectly acceptable attitude. I doubt it has anything to do with dictates of religion. Which by the way, religion is different than belief and faith and reverence for life and the latter will never be outdated.  2. Sharia law is a reality where Muslims are a majority. Something to be kept in the forefront of the minds of secular progressives.  3.No reason is a poor excuse and desperation is a perfectly reasonable emotion when discussing the use of death as a tool of birth control.
 1. There is no such thing as "reverence for life". People have picked and choosed the people they cry over ever since time began. Hypocrisy is as old as religion.  Sharia law is a reality where Muslims are the majority, yes. Why? Because Sharia law is Muslim law. What's your point? Western Muslim women will slowly and gradually realise their own individual rights. Its already beginning to happen. They are not going to continually have 7-10 children for the next five generations. Stop being so scared of people who think differently to you. Like I said, fear of minority communities "taking over the world" lol is a feeble excuse to take away a woman's right to choose.  What individual women do with their own bodies is of no concern to you.  1. Apparently not for yourself. People have picked and chose. Their choices define them. Hypocricy is not isolated to religion.  2. So, you think western morality will seep into the land of Allah and empower women to break their shackles? Fear? You think I fear Muslims? No, it is "you" that I fear. You, who will kill even a helpless, defenseless, dependent being for the power to proclaim your greatness as "woman".  3. It's not my business what women do with their bodies that I have a problem with. I believe in legal prostitution. The body of a woman "is" hers to use or sell as she sees fit. But, I speak of the victims who become dead bodies to accommodate their rights. Rights over one's body are perfectly legit so long as one body is in question.
 1. There is no such thing as "reverence for life". People have picked and choosed the people they cry over ever since time began. Hypocrisy is as old as religion.  Sharia law is a reality where Muslims are the majority, yes. Why? Because Sharia law is Muslim law. What's your point? Western Muslim women will slowly and gradually realise their own individual rights. Its already beginning to happen. They are not going to continually have 7-10 children for the next five generations. Stop being so scared of people who think differently to you. Like I said, fear of minority communities "taking over the world" lol is a feeble excuse to take away a woman's right to choose.  What individual women do with their own bodies is of no concern to you.  1. Apparently not for yourself. People have picked and chose. Their choices define them. Hypocricy is not isolated to religion.  2. So, you think western morality will seep into the land of Allah and empower women to break their shackles? Fear? You think I fear Muslims? No, it is "you" that I fear. You, who will kill even a helpless, defenseless, dependent being for the power to proclaim your greatness as "woman".  3. It's not my business what women do with their bodies.  I believe in legal prostitution. The body of a woman "is" hers to use or sell as she sees fit. But, I speak of the victims who become dead bodies to accommodate their rights. Rights over one's body are perfectly legit so long as one body is in question.
 1. Hmmmm, yes ... your posts in this thread reeks of fear of Muslims. [/INDENT] 2. Yet, you fear me? Why? I've never had an abortion. I never will have an abortion, so why fear me? Actually, don't answer that. I think I already know the answer .... OMG I'm a bayyyybeeeeeeeeee killer emoticon_xkill emoticon_xkill   3. Besides, you invoked the "oh my god, everyone, look! the Muslims are breeeding, heaven help us" fear into the debate, not me. So in reality you actually only "fear" legal abortion because you are scared that Muslims are going to take over the world lol emoticon_smile emoticon_smile   4. And you are perfectly entitled to beleive that. But millions of other people don't agree with you. Which is why we have legal abortion emoticon_xhoho  1. Well, ok maybe a little. With good reason. I keep hearing that they want to kill the infidels. Which I believe we qualify.   2. Yes, because you find piddly reasons to justify killing babies.   3. I must confess this. The real reason I oppose abortion, I want each one of those critters to have their chance at life. No other reason. I just do.   4. Thank you. But, you are wrong. Abortion is legal because a few left wing supreme court justices said it would be. The people were never asked. However, I concede that they are in the millions.
 1. You have to be more specific. The militant Islamists view the West as encroaching on their Muslim civilization and accuse us of trying to destroy Islam. They view their actions as actions of defense of Islam. Many in the Muslim world support them based on this arguement of defense. If we would stop supporting Israel and pull out of engagement in the Middle East (not realistically achievable or even desirable from our point of view), then their main motivation and means of recruitment would be gone. It is only very fringe extreme groups that have any aspirations of forcing Islam on the rest of us through terrorism or military force. Most Muslims just want to live their lives in peace.  About 2/3rds of Americans believe that abortion should be legal in the first trimester. I believe in Democracy where majority rules (assuming that people have the opportunity to get educated on both sides of the issue).  3. Do you believe that those 2/3rds of Americans should not get their way?  1. To be specific, I mean the ones who state it. Then, the ones who act on it. You make good points. I can see that they may view us as intrusive. However you'd be hard pressed to prove the intrusive part using immigration stats. I do believe that, like us, most common Muslim folks would simply like to be left to live their lives.  2. I don't believe that number. You have no way to prove it other than a poll taken where demographics favor the act. Which would likely be any large population. Or any left wing website where truth has little value.  I believe in Democracy too. The issue should have been brought up on referendum at the time the supreme court ruled on it. The supreme court is to enforce and interpret law, not create it. Since it did not, I have stated in the past that I would not seek to have the decision reversed. But, only because the left would go wild and possibly tear our nation apart as that is the way they get their way.  3. If they exist, no. I do not respect their lack of reverence, nor them. To accept abortion as acceptable is simply killing for convenience sake and other piddly reasons when other options are possible.
The tactics pro-lifers use make the Nazis look like the little league.   Little boy, you need to do a little study on Nazis. They specialized in death. Unlike pro-life people.
tactics not motives
tactics not motives  Tactics? Let's see,  Nazi body count: ball park, 20,000,000. pro-abortion body count: ???,???,???,???,??? and counting.  pro-life body count: 10? 20? Produced by people resorting to murder for their goal.
well, if you are right then think about it : they considered millions of people inferior so they made the choice for them I imagine.  so the Nazis were pro-choiceemoticon_emb
Aye! Those dratted Catholic priests in Ireland have killed any desire for coupling!  It must be from those years of abuse at the hands of priests and nuns, the Magdalen homes, etc.  Leave it to you to raise absurdity to an art form. emoticon_rolleyes
  1. The 66% number for people supporting the legality of first term abortions is from http://www.pollingreport.com/abortion.htm - most of the way down the page. It comes from a CNN/USA Today/Gallup Poll. Jan. 10-12, 2003. Surveying 1,002 adults nationwide - Margin of Error ± 3%. This is the most recent poll I know of which breaks up the question based on trimester. Last I heard, these organizations were not considered left wing. Indeed, I have heard many on the left consider CNN somewhat right wing. Anyway, you will also see that, in the poll, the majority of people view that second term abortions should be illegal, which goes against most pro-choice views. So, this is obviously not a left-wing biased result.  2. The constitutionality of an issue is not something that is decided by refurendum in this country. The constitution itself can be changed by popular vote electing representatives that can change it. As for the constitutionality of Roe vs Wade, you just happen to disagree with the decision so you call it "creating laws". I am sure you would not label court decisions in your favor as such.   3. If Roe vs Wade were overturned, there would be no "tearing our nation apart" but it would certainly politically mobilize the silent majority of pro-choice supporters that now take those rights for granted as being guaranteed by Roe vs Wade. You would be waking up a sleeping giant.  On a last note, last year, I had a discussion on the Abortion forum with some Brits who said that, in Britain, once third trimester abortions were largely outlawed, a large part of the furvor died down regarding the abortion debate since there were few people who were adamant about pushing the law further. I hope that something similar happens here.  1. CNN is without question left wing. However, Gallup adds credence in my view.  I do not consider it feasible that 1002 people could possibly represent the ideas of 260 million accurately.  2. Abortion is not mentioned in the constitution to my knowledge.  Any ruling on it or any other issue not mentioned specifically is equivalent to creating laws. Therefore should be brought up on referendum or handled by the legislature.  3. I disagree concerning which side has a majority, but I can't prove it. That is why I would love for it to come up on referendum. Just to settle the issue.  But, I must add that in my heart, I do not wish for a reversal. What I wish for is responsibility by people for their actions. Wiser and thoughtful decisions.
 1. That is why there is a 3% margin of error added.....................   2. There are many things that are not specifically mentioned in the Constitution and that the Court has ruled on - in either direction (left or right). That is why the court exists in the first place - to interpret the Constitution for a given new situation. If the Constitution was clearly defined for all scenarios, then one would only need administrative clerks (or even only a computer nowadays) to make such a ruling - not well experienced and educated justices.  3. Most polls that I have seen (from pollingreport.com) show the pro-choice and pro-life side being close, but the pro-choice side slightly leading. However, the poll about first trimester abortions, and the situation that occurred in Britain, tell me that it is late term abortions which most concern people. That, along with my personal stance on abortion, is why I hope that we will have some reasonable law limiting third trimester abortions. That may finally put the issue mostly to rest. I think that is part of the reason why the right does not push for a law specifically outlawing third trimester abortions. Thy might well realize that this would spell the end of further pro-life movement.  I accept your absence of "skew" explanation. I would feel better if at least 1% of a population were polled. I have rarely seen a poll that question form was not used as a lead. But, the discussion concerning polls are irrelevant to me. I cannot alter my feelings about stopping the slaughter on what even a majority believes.  2. Then the court does not take it's job seriously enough. It should have created extremely tight parameters for the action of ending lives. Those parameters being only to save the endangered life of a mother who makes the choice or a consenting spouse or guardian if the mother is not capable. There is no other acceptable reason.  3. Probably true considering that politicians are by nature pandering cowards.  Controlled by fear. Their jobs being more important than any real issue that exposes their senses of right and wrong.
But, the discussion concerning polls are irrelevant to me. I cannot alter my feelings about stopping the slaughter on what even a majority believes.   Good point. Many atrocities in human history were no less atrocities just because they were popular at the time.
   Arab's birth rate - 7-10 kids  Birth rate in UK - below 2....   And we wonder why it seems muslims are taking over the world... DUH !!! THEY care about life more than the "free" world....  I believe that one of the reasons we are dealing with terrorism in the world is because we are committing mass murder on babies in the womb...  Need i say more...  Why should they kill a human being in the womb, whether this human being is Arab or not? Aren't the Arab and non-Arab created by God? Why all this discrimination among the creation of God?  eanassir
Why should they kill a human being in the womb, whether this human being is Arab or not? Aren't the Arab and non-Arab created by God? Why all this discrimination among the creation of God?  eanassir  I think that you missed the point of the argument. VT is arguing that the low birth rate in the West is attributable to high abortion rates and the high birth rates amongst Arabs creates a numbers game in favor of the Arabs. Since they respect life (their own, that is) more than the West, their numbers are growing much quicker, while our lack of respect for human life is causing the gap to widen.
I think that you missed the point of the argument. VT is arguing that the low birth rate in the West is attributable to high abortion rates and the high birth rates amongst Arabs creates a numbers game in favor of the Arabs. Since they respect life (their own, that is) more than the West, their numbers are growing much quicker, while our lack of respect for human life is causing the gap to widen.  they may respect life but what about respecting the quality of life?  if they cared about their children's future they would not breed like rabbits. It is callous to use their children to win the 'numbers game'  quality before quantity.  I don't deny that abortion is murder in the womb though.
Hmm - the stats say Western Europe has the lowest incidence of abortion.  http://www.guttmacher.org/pubs/fb_IAW.html  Your stats aren't broken down into meaningful groups, so nothing is learned WRT Muslims.    The Guttmacher Report on Public Policy December 2001, Volume 4, Number 6 Special Analysis Islam, Women and Family Planning: A Primer  ..... The Koran does not explicitly address abortion, but there is general agreement in Islam that abortion is only permitted for the most serious reasons, such as saving a woman's life. And even then, it is only allowed before "life is breathed" into the fetus, variously regarded as within the first 40, 80 or 120 days. A minority of scholars oppose abortion at any stage of development, based on the belief that the embryo is already on its way to having a soul from the moment of conception.
No argument. But the thread start started with how Europe was going to be Arab due to all the non-Arabs having all these abortions - - well not that many of them are.  I think that you should go back and reread the stats. Hint: Eastern Europe IS part of Europe and it has an abortion rate of 105/100 births.  When you evaluate the # of abortions and # of pregnancies, it's easy to see how Europeans could become the minority in their own continent.
This makes no sense: Eastern Europe has an abortion rate of 105/100 births.   Math wasn't your strong suit, I see, so let me translate for you. There are 105 abortions for every 100 live births. That means that for every 100 babies brought by the stork an ADDITIONAL 105 were dropped. :p
Ah. Yes - it is true that the rates are high in Eastern Europe, but recent also show that Eastern Europe has had the greatest decrease in abortions int the world in recent years - I think that is good. (I have these things in my head as I have been reading abortion stats a lot lately in arguing with ArchAngel.)  Decreased from what to what? I'm not impressed by a drop from 200/100 live births to 105/100, are you?
Since my ethnicity is Polish (my parents immigrated from Poland to the US), I have some familiarity with the abortion situation in Poland, at least. During communist times, contraception was not always easily available - part of the bungled beaurocracy that kept many consummer products unavailable. Therefore, abortion was used far too often. The communist government seemed not to be significantly discouraging it. After communism fell and a new capitalism was introduced, then not only were contraceptives more easily available but the Catholic Church gained significant political influence and was able to essentially outlaw nearly all abortions.   I cannot speak for other Eastern European countries, but some of the trends might have been similar.  so the catholic church is helping the in the numbers game against the Moslims?
Regressive rightwingers who scream about abortion are the same men who would want you to wear a burka if you lived in the Moslem world, or who would find you deserving 200 lashes for being gang raped.  I see that you've chaged your name, but not your propensity for strawmen and red herrings. :p
did anyone know that when you deliver a baby it starts crying even before you cut the cord?  Also, has anyone checked out the 4-D ultrasound? It is awesome. You can see babies smiling inside of the womb. I recommend that anyone thinking about getting an abortion first get an ultrasound.
And who makes the decision, Rich? That's the issue, as I see it. I don't believe the government has any business in a woman's body.  So you must be against Medicare and Medicaid. I assume you would also be against nationalized healthcare.   The government, rather the supreme court dictators, became involved in the woman's body in 1973. You must be against roe v. wade.
I still don't believe that the government has any business in telling a woman what she can and cannot do with her own body when it comes to this subject. This is a decision that she makes with her doctor, one that must be very difficult, but one that is hers to make, not some bureaucrat in Washington.  So are you against Medicare and Medicaid? Do you want nationalized healthcare?
What is your problem? Why are you being so obtuse? You know exactly what I mean. You are just trying to bait. Get a life.  Just wondering. I suspect you do, and if that is the case, then you really do support the government being involved in the bodies of women and making medical decisions for them.
Do you prefer a functional or a nonfunctional society. Would you (as pro-lifer) support life beyond birth or do your concerns extend only to the rights and requirements of small pieces of tissue which are not human beings?  A dysfunctional society is one that kills its babies. You know deep inside i am right.   Of course I support life in all its stages. Human beings have inherent dignity and value at all stages of their lives.
The right wing conservatives the so called pro-lifers among them never see the irony of being pro life of the unborn but not pro-life of the Iraqi people.  Maybe they think that the unborn lives they save cancel out the lives and the suffering of the survivors of the occupation of Iraq.  You have to be as dumb and as bigoted and chauvinistic and Christian fundamentalist as Bush is to support Bush and be pro-life at the same time.  1) are you really for the life of all Iraqis??   2) Were you for the life of the Iraqi's when saddam was killing them himself?? (heck did you even know that was happening?)  3) Say if a pregnant iraqi women got killed... would that be 2 lives that died??? Would you care about the one in the womb as much as the woman?
More than likely, Cloe is a Bush Pro-Lifer. They support the death penalty. Just look what he's done in Iraq, and wants to do in Iran.  I dont get how you dont support the death penalty but support abortion against the most innocent among all of us..
If you kill a person who is 50 years old, is is murder? yes  If you kill a person who is 5 years old, is it murder? yes  If you kill a person who is 5 months old, is it murder? yes  If you kill a person who is 5 weeks old, is it murder? yes  If you kill a person who is 5 days old, is it murder? yes  If you kill a person who will be born in 5 days, is it murder?
Pro_life is only pro-death, abortions will still happen and women will die getting them.   I believe this is exactly what the debate is all about. Thanks for succinctly putting it Rich.  Do you support universal health care? Do you support Medicare and Medicaid?
fs,  If you kill a person who will be born in 5 days, is it murder?  Strawman alert! It's not murder beacuse until it's born it's not a person.  One word to you...baloney
I am assuming that your next arguements would be:  To that I would then ask the question:  If you kill an egg (through contraception) minutes before possible conception, is it murder?  If you follow the same line of thought as you have been taking, then you would have to say yes, and outlaw all contraception. Instead, I say that your line of thought itself is flawed.  If the cell has not even been fertilized, then it is not even a human life yet. Thereby, it would be pointless to even go back that far in the first place.
Not to the supposed pro-lifers who support war in iraq and the death penality.  there you go again...  you dont support the death penalty which would kill a person who committs a drastic crime...  YET  You support the killing of the most innocent in our country.. the unborn, WHO HAVENT COMMITTED A CRIME!  Sounds like hypocrisy to me....  Question, if a pregnant woman in iraq gets killed by shrapnel... Do you call that 2 deaths or 1? With what i have read on here, you seem to think a fertalized egg isnt a human... so what is your answer to this question??
Not to the supposed pro-lifers who support war in iraq  by the way, i think any human being hates war. just watch WW2 documentaries and you will see a real war (in comparison to the one you are crying about today) with people STILL ALIVE remembering the ATROCITIES they went through and what their 2 eyes saw..saying they wished they didnt have to go but they knew it was right.  A real war = WW2 = 50 million lives DEAD (which is as many as have died due to abortion in our land i might add. Now adding that up, thats 100 milllion lives lost since 1940.)  War happens.. You cant tell me that it doesnt and wont continue to happen. end of discussion.
What's the point of making pro-choice people sound like it's a 'walk in the park' to get abortions for them? I don't think any of us want abortions but I believe pro-choice people understand that they do happen and why it is that they happen. It would be a walk in the park if there is nothing morally wrong with it. It would be as if you were cutting your toe nail. If one is claiming otherwise I'd question why they think that way and perhaps a sense of guilt is coming in.
(edited for brevity) Abortion is the greatest moral evil of our time. Dr. James Dobson. (gen·o·cide - n.  The deliberate and systematic destruction of a national, racial, religious, political, cultural, ethnic, or other group defined by the exterminators as undesirable.   "Abortion is certainly deliberate and systematic. There is nearly one abortion for every two live births in America. Abortions are performed in a vast network of clinics around the country, almost 4,000 a day, 1.3 million a year, and more than 40 million since abortion was legalized in 1973. Furthermore, abortion targets a very specific group of human beings: unwanted, unborn children.  While the appropriateness of calling abortion "genocide" depends on what definition of genocide you are using, it is a plain and simple fact that abortion is the systematic destruction of millions of human beings. This nation, and the world as a whole, has a sad legacy of dehumanizing people who have something we want or get in our way.   Abortion supporters are infuriated at the notion that abortion is comparable to the Holocaust because they incessantly argue that the unborn aren't people. This is exactly the same argument that is always made to justify crimes against humanity. They're not really people. This is what Hitler said. This is what America said when it used to count blacks as 3/5 of a person. If we can't compare atrocities past to atrocities present, then the term "never again" loses all its meaning. At the end of the day, if the unborn are people (and they are), then abortion is not only comparable to past crimes against humanity, it is, in fact, the greatest holocaust of all." from www.abort73.com
Translation: "Shut up, I'm right!"   That's a bit of a sidestep. Abortion is not genocide because abortion is not destruction of a certain group of people based on race, religion, ethnicity, etc. There is no way to make a case for abortion being genocide without making capitol punishment qualify as genocide. Frankly, I think it's easier to do the latter (yet most pro-lifers are also pro-death penalty).  If you want to make an argument, then make an argument. But don't call abortion genocide; that's just dumb.  Abortion targets a very specific group of human beings: unwanted, unborn children.  Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.   The Convention defined genocide as any of a series of acts designed to "destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group." The acts listed include among others, causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group, imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group or forcibly transferring children out of the group.
Religion is the stone on our shoulders as we try to tread water in the sea of life....... Wow, how inspiring emoticon_rolleyes Do you care to actually make a good argument or do you prefer random quotes you heard from your philosophy teacher while in college?
HEHE, that was kinda goofy, though I assure you I made the #### up myself. It seemed appropriate to fight romantic religiousity with claptrap...lol  So no, you don't wish to make a good argument. Just making sure since you have joined and posted 25 times (as of writing this) without actually doing anything more than trolling.
As a woman, I don't want any MAN to be deciding for me what I can and can't do with my own body. But you are ok with a woman deciding what is right for someone else's own body...specifically the babies?   Seems to me a woman isn't more qualified to deal with the issue of abortion than a man. In fact, it could be said that the man has the only independent perspective.
How would you like to have a parasite in your body and not be given treatment to remove it based solely on the fact that even parasitic organisms are living things and deserve life?If humans are parasites can I kill you because parasites have no worth.   Not pretty is it? Imagine being one of those guys in the Alien movies and you've got a chestburster in you that's gonna kill you once its fully gestated, but you're not allowed to have an operation to have it removed from your body because of an intergalatic treaty declaring that all life is precious and must be observed.Aside from the obvious logical fallacy, if alien life were precious (which it isn't) and assuming we ignore the chestburster since that doesn't happen in a pregnancy then I'd say you can't remove it.  Men shouldn't be deciding because they can't get pregnant after being raped. When was the last time a man's life was ever at risk because his wife was pregnant?Since when does the fate get decided by the victim? A woman could be said to have a biased opinion on it because she is an involved party. Even so, I take the stand that no one has any authority over the other to make that decision.  An independant perspective doesn't make it a good thing. Politicians that propose anti-gun legislation don't have to live in the real world with those of us that the bill will affect, they shouldn't be allowed to propose it.Ha, that is just an idiotic perspective. We'd have no laws (and many important ones) if you can't make a bill that doesn't affect you. Sorry Civil Rights legislation!
It isn't "someone else" until it is born.According to what? Are you saying you should be able to kill a baby 2 inches from being born if you wanted? It isn't born yet.
"Babies" are a stage reached after birth. If you are talking about abortions, then no babies are involved, anti-choice, histrionic revisionist linguistics none withstandingBaby can be used to describe a human fetus. Get over it.  t also isn't a baby yet either. It is called a fetus.Your technicality bs is not needed here...granted you have only made 20 posts or so.   5. a human fetus.http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/baby  Already proven wrong and you just joined....emoticon_frazzled
F--k'in A! right! I don't want some damn MAN deciding what's going to be legal for my body. They have NO experience with the female anatomy except what they manage to bag, they shouldn't be allowed to decide for us. And yet you want to decide the fate for another as well. You just said it is another life just like the mother yet when people want to protect that life you say you are more important.   They have no idea what pregnancy is like, the damage it does to our bodies and our minds, and they don't have to pay to support a child that we were forced to accept at knifepoint.So wouldn't this make you a biased party? Seems you wouldn't be capable of making a moral decision when you have some personal benefit at stake. Should a victim in a case be able to decide the fate of the defendant? Should oil companies get to talk about global warming? The answer to those are NO because the two parties are biased and have a stake in the decision that limits their ability to make a good decision.   Does this mean we shouldn't listen to women regarding abortion? No. It means women have no more standing to speak on the issue than men.    Do you men have any idea of the dangerous precdent you'd be setting up with a total ban on abortion? Women who have been raped and essentially told "You WILL have this child, you WILL carry it to term, or you WILL go to prison!" would likely commit suicide as a result, meaning that TWO lives are gonna be lost.So now you admit its two lives. Interesting.  You realize that rape accounts for about or less than 1% of abortions. Perhaps you should give a reason for the 99% of abortions that happen instead of opting for fallacy talk.
We're not the biased party, we're the informed party. We're the ones that know what we're talking about, you don't. You wouldn't have your mechanic take care of your bypass surgery would you?The correct analogy would be that you wouldn't want the patient deciding a bypass surgery is needed. The doctor is an unbiased professional that knows what is best. The morality of abortion is not something men are naturally uninformed about. Under your crazy theory, no one can talk about death being a bad thing (or undesired) because we should only ask those who have died. Therefore we can't make any laws regarding murder.   It's absurd. Get better analogies.   Excuse me? Women are the only ones who can get pregnant. We should be the ones with the only standing on the matter!No. And at worst I have been a part of a pregnancy (The baby) so I know half the battle. There are two parties involved in a pregnancy. I also suppose white people can't support civil rights for black people because they don't know what it is like to be black. That is the only logical conclusion from your argument and it seems a little racist. (as a note: I realize this is a logical fallacy).  I'm not so sure it is.You just said it was in the last post!  Last I checked anybody who murders a pregnant woman doesn't face two counts of first degree murder, only one.Try telling that to Scott Peterson.  Fetuses aren't counted as actual persons according to the law, so I don't see how murder of a nonperson could be illegal, or even possible. If a fetus isn't going to be counted as a person then abortion can't truly be considered a crime now can it?Back when blacks weren't treated as persons under the law was it ok to murder them?   Better supply the source of those statistics to back up your argument.Its a commonly known fact on these forums but since you are new...  http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/abreasons.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_the_United_States#Reasons_for_abortions
  Perhaps YOU ought to understand that no woman owes any reason to any man why she terminates her pregnancy OR carries it to term.  Perhaps you ought to explain why you think the government is more desirable or more competent to determine the future of a woman's pregnancy than she herself is.:xbangheadWe have a quote command...use that.  that aside, you don't owe a reason because it shouldn't be done just like you don't owe a reason if you kill me right now because you shouldn't do it to begin with.   The government isn't more competent to determine the future of a woman's pregnancy but they do have an interest in protecting all people, even those unborn. You don't realize their are two parties here. If the government has a right to keep you from killing me then they have a right to prevent you from killing your baby.
And you can be described as a "pre-dead corpse" as well. That's nice  Histrionic revisionist linguistics only serve to push some form of dishonesty agenda that can not stand by itself on the facts. It is the coward's route. Are you a coward???I'm not the one trying to "get" someone by claiming they used a word incorrectly. Seems the coward would be one that can't argue on the merits but resorts to word usage.   Ah, so the dictionary is the ultimate authority?You certainly aren't.
"Another" implies individual existence, which embryos and fetuses do not hold. More ignorant sophistry.Your opinion does not override reality. Indeed there is another individual.  Really? So if you have a personal stake in something, then you have no right in the decision processes about this situation? You sound rather strange here. Just more sophistry.It certainly limits your independence on something. To use a reference in my field, look at the independence lost in Enron and how that ended.  I think there is no more merit to a female making a moral decision on abortion than a male.  And as you have some strong conviction about abortion, you should be excluded from any say about the subject as well, right? Or are you a hypocrite who seeks to limit others input while controlling them?Seems to me that coming to a conclusion doesn't limit independence when deciding the question.   They **DO** however have standing to control their own bodies regardless of how much you seek to enslave and control them.Awww, I am trying to control you by making it so you can't kill someone. Oh so sorry. You can't kill me either by the way....double enslavement! You can do whatever you want with your body but that right ends when it hurts another. 99% of the time it is the result of the woman (and man she had sex with) consenting to sex and as a result a new life is formed. You deal with the consequences of your actions.   Because the woman does not want to be pregnant, because the woman does not want her bodily resources used against her will. Shoulda thought about that prior to having sex. You accept the consequences of something when you willingly perform that act.   That's the ONLY reason needed, your slavery-promoting agenda none withstanding.The slavery position is held by you. I'm not the one that thinks I can call someone a non-person to justify killing them (or enslaving). The argument was used against blacks and now by you.
A rather ignorant part it would seem. There are no babies involved in pregnancies, your revisionist linguistic hyperbole none withstanding.Really? Then what are you aborting?
Ah, a "because I say so" postulation. The fetus is not "individual." And because I said so works for you? An individual is often defined as a single person. The fetus is a unique single person.   I don't know why you need to use semantics to make your argument. Perhaps to sleep better at night?   Utterly irrelevant. When I find your views and actions not to be "moral" does that give me the right to restrict your rights and your control over your own body?Yes.   If I think you should give your kidney to somebody dying from kidney failure, should I be able to force you to do so, because I find your reluctance to not be moral? If you feel that is what is moral then shouldn't you be pushing for that?  There still isn't a "someone," no individual human being, your emotional histrionics none withstanding.Because you said so right haha.  By having an abortion or carrying to term. hence, it is the woman's CHOICE. and it shouldn't be a choice. You should not have the choice to end someone elses life. The consequence is the pregnancy and creation of another life. You never have a choice to end up someones life for convenience of yourself.  So you are saying that all emergency rooms should be shut down? That nobody should ever be treated for heart attacks and other events directly resulting from choices in how you live?The heart attack is the consequence of how they lived. You don't have a choice but to live with that consequence...including paying the bill.  You are seeking to control another person's bodyI'm seeking to prevent the killing of a person's body actually.  You are trying to enslave them regardless of what cowardly argument you are trying for in avoiding to admit to it.If preventing someone from being murdered is cowardly and enslaving then I choose that. Your arguments are no better than the slave holders of the 1800s.  An embryo or a fetus. Didn't you know? You can't possibly be THAT ignorant about this issue when you are trying to debate it, can youSometimes called a baby as well. I didn't realize you had to use semantics to rationalize your position.
You know, I was going to go off on a tangent and talk about how I was going to contact every female legislator I can find and try to convince them to introduce and sign onto as sponsors, a bill that would make it a federal offense for any man to abadon any child or potential child he might have. But it would be so vaguely worded that it would criminalize masturbation since every sperm has the potential to become a child.If there was a bill that forced the father of a child to care for the baby (unless adoption is the case) then I'd sign it or vote for it.   I still believe it, but I'm gonna use a different argument. I wonder how many men are really in support of a ban on abortion. How many of you scumbags that have some side-whore that you f**k when the wife isn't looking or not in the mood, would be in favor of a law that would make it impossible for your side-whore to have an abortion if you got her pregnant? That'd be lovely for you wouldn't it, having to support two families now.Seems someone is a man hater.....  Don't use the life of another to "get back" at the real one who hurts you.
Just as "atheist" can be used to describe an immoral person?  I've never heard the term atheist being used in that context.  Some dictionaries include these types of things because these meanings are used in the vernacular, not because they are particularly accurate. You aren't showing its not an accurate term to use. There is no win in semantic arguments anyway. I don't care if you call the unborn baby a fetus, embryo, or whatever so long as you use a proper definition of a word. In my case I have.  Whether the fetus's individuality is a part of reality is what is being debated.You don't get to decide what is being debating between myself and another person on this forum.  And I think that there is no more merit to a bunch of lawyers making these decisions instead of ethicists and the people directly impacted and/or doctors. Should we poll a bunch of soybean farmers to determine whether you should have your spleen removed, or whether 10000 shares of Google at $150 apiece is a good buy?If those are moral questions then the soybean farmer is just as equipped to answer as anyone else. They happen to not be moral questions though.
A fetus isn't an individual since it's bound to the mother and relies solely on her for survival. If the mother dies then an infant can still survive through the help of others, but if the mother dies then a fetus dies along with her since they're connected, meaning the fetus is little more than a parasite in terms of individuality. This isn't even true..... There are been plenty of times a mother has died and the baby has lived.   Not even if the someone else is threatening your very life?Well considering this almost never happens in the case of abortion I will say this is irrelevant.  What if the woman forced to endure the pregnancy decides to kill herself and end not only her life but the life of her possible child?What about it?   Heart attacks don't affect fat people, anybody can have a heart attack no matter how healthy you live.Ok? You still deal with the consequences of it...  So do I. You preserve life by killing millions? Seems a little backwards.  I feel that if mothers are forced to have the children of their rapists then they may be driven to depression and suicide.Why don't you speak for the 99% reasons of abortions? You try to use exception and extraordinary cases to justice the entire use of abortion. Do you not have good reasons for the other 99% of abortions?
Either dictionaries are updating their entries to be more correct, or (more likely) I'm remembering incorrectly. Here's the definition I find for "godless":  The fact that I am an atheist (and therefore "godless") in no way means that I am wicked or immoral, but enough bigoted jackasses use the word that way that the dictionaries include that "meaning" (in the same way that the pronunciation of the word "nuclear" includes the variant "nu·cue·ler" because enough scientifically illiterate people say it that way). That is a rather stretch of the word. You have to take a definition of atheist and then define a word in that definition to come up with that.  I personally wouldn't find that to be an accurate definition but you can use it if you want.   If that's true, then you've expanded the definition of "baby" so wide that the statement "it is immoral to kill a baby" is not an absolute. It's like saying that the word really is "nu·cue·ler" because we're discussing changes in nucules (or even new cules).Semantics. It isn't an improper use of the word. What does it matter to you?   Gee, Steeeeve, if you want to muzzle everyone, go talk to admin. Or you could start a closed formal debate with a single opponent. But these are the open forums, and I get to pitch in if I so desire. Worst case, address our arguments separately.That's fine but you still don't get to define the argument between me and another member of the forum. I could care less whether you wish to join in or not.   A soybean farmer is as qualified (I hesitate to say "well-equipped" because I don't want to imply that the soybean farmer is intellectually incapable of developing his knowledge to some necessary point) to make decisions about morality as an ethicist is?Yes.
An individual is, yes. And while the fetus is not an individual, it absolutely and completely is NOT a person. "because you said so"?  Actually, I use factual information and definitions. YOU are the one with the semantics, the one who relies on misrepresentation and distortion, the one who uses revisionist linguistics in order to try to make an argument. factual information and definitions? Weren't you the one that got all upset for me using a dictionary to define a word? In fact, I'm the only one that has used an actual definition. Furthermore, you are the one who brought up the idiotic idea that baby can't be used interchangeable with fetus. The semantics argument was started by you.  Why don't you follow your own advice sometime. You are full of contradictions and you just joined this forum.   Your post is the worst example of Projection I have seen in a long time.You don't have to respond to me.  Good, then I find pro-life fanatics and right-wingers immoral and illegal. Immediately present yourself to the nearest facility of incarceration for lifelong lock-up. No? So you lied? uhum, no surprise there.You pass the law and I'm there. Good job answering your own questions by the way. Do you even need me for this conversation?  I could, except that it would be unconstitutional. But then, the US Constitution matters little to right-wing theocrats like you who SPIT on everything that defines us as Americans.I've got a pretty good feeling you have no knowledge of the US constitution. Pushing morals is not against the constitution. In fact, the constitution removes nothing from the democratic process.   nope, because the laws say you are wrong, your pathetic attempt at presenting your beliefs as facts none withstanding.Just like how blacks weren't people. Very racist of you.  The only legal issue about "someone elses life" really is regarding the death penalty. The fetus is a thing, not a "someone." the fetus is a human being...Do you think human beings are "things"? Do you think blacks are "things"? That was the argument used in the 1800s...are you saying it is valid? I guess I'm glad we finally settled that issue right or I might be in trouble thanks to people like you. So why do you feel it is ok to rank some humans as more important than others?  Just like the consequence of eating to many burgers and not exercise is likely heart disease. So we should quit treating heart disease because it counteracts "consequences" of people's actions? The consequence of sex can be pregnancy and the consequence of eating too many burgers is heart disease. The way you deal with that consequence should not be to kill another human...in either case.  Utterly irrelevant. Very relevant.   The embryo or fetus is not "someone," your revisionist linguistic hyperbole none withstandingWhat species is the fetus you speak of?  So you ARE saying that we should deny people treatment for heart attacks, then.Actually, I'm saying your analogies are idiotic because you create a strawman argument.  Your argument qualifies you as a fringe nut case.Reported :)  Irrelevant to the current discussion as the embryo is not a person."because you said so" right?   Ah, you are talking to the mirror again.Do you support calling blacks non-persons? Why can't you just answer the questions.
Please! There's no way a fetus of two months could ever survive if the mother were killed.True. But a fetus has survived a mother being killed. One could also so that a born baby can't survive on their own either.  Funny how people like you always love to use examples of things that happen only one time every ten or fifteen years as an example for demanding more legislation, but when presented with the same argument of one extremely rare incident happening in such minute amounts you say it's irrelevant to the discussion.To your point it is irrelevant but in the event of life threatening you have to save the life you can.   So you've got no problem with women killing themselves from forced depression?I have a problem with you using logical fallacies.   I don't buy the argument that the only way to not be depressed is to kill another.    You've got no problem with the death count being two instead of one?So you admit there are two people?  I don't support an open ended abortion policy where it happens for no reason or justification. Why not? If the embryo/fetus/baby/or whatever you call him/her is not valued then why not support abortion whenever for whatever reason. The only reason you would not support it always is if there is some value.  However I don't want abortion outlawed when the reason for having one can be justified.The only reason justified is life threatened of the mother. I grant that rape and incest are not easy to deal with. You answer those by saying you don't punish the life of one for the crime of another.  You've failed to prove what the other 99% of the time is. Actualy I have: http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=300003&postcount=37 Check the second link...which was posted to you upon your request.  How many had them due to the fact that their children would be born braindead or suffer from horrible birth defects? How many were determined to be a threat to the mother's life and wellbeing?There are no stats on braindead or suffer horrible birth defects but assuming any possible problem with the baby called "fetal health" then it ranges from 2-3%. Most of these aren't good reasons for abortion. I don't see a mentally retarded person as any less equal to me or you. Do you?
As long as we clarify that the word "baby" in these cases refers to a fetus, then I don't care.It refers to what it refers to. I don't think you can easily take it out of context. I don't go around thinking you refer to a dog fetus when you say fetus. The context is known by simple reading comprehension.   But in this context, I think we should be as clear as necessary.It is apparently clear everyone knows what I am talking about. No confusion was shown.   If the discussion is about the difference or lack thereof between a fetus and a borne offspring, then don't use the same damn word for each. born and unborn work just as well.  Even if I'm arguing that five is the same as schmive, calling them both "five" just makes it impossible to follow the discussion. There hasn't been a problem yet.  How is this not a fallacious appeal to authority?Seems saying one or the other is more qualified would be an appeal to authority. Moral decisions are decided by a certain group of people unless you can establish an absolute moral right that only they know.  I guess the better question is how IS that an appeal to authority.
No, because the law says so. read the Roe vs Wade decision, it clearly and unambiguously states that the fetus is not a person. Now, you can continue to lie or espouse wild fantasies (depending on how ignorant vs dishonest you are about this claim. but the law is clear. A fetus or an embryo is NOT a person.So if the law says someone is not a person then they are not? I won't even go into the fact that Roe vs Wade was gutted by the Casey decision.  Given that we now have seen you spew the same lies time after time, we already know what lies you are going to push, so strictly speaking we don't need you, no. We already know what lies you would be using."Liar liar pants on fire." emoticon_rolleyes Do you like repeating yourself in a sentence (see underline)?   Because I don't agree with your misrepresentation of Constitutional law? You haven't shown you know anything about the constitution yet and it is pretty obvious  What nonsense. there was never a time when black people were not people. Any other lies you want to spew (Rhetorical question, of course there are).But the law said they weren't (in the 1800s)! Isn't this the criteria you use? Are you going to start saying I'm not a person?  Nope, that's another of your lies.Really? This one is not even that disputed on these forums. It is hard to argue that the fetus or embryo are not a member of the species homo sapien. A little extreme on your part.  Please document your lie. (And no, the dred scott decision that pro-life liars like to drag out for this argument doesn't say such a thing so you better have some other source).You don't need to look at just Dred Scott but since you brought it up that is a great example (another example could be the constitution itself). Dred Scott said blacks were "property" and had no citizen rights in the constitution.   "regarded as beings of an inferior order, and altogether unfit to associate with the white race either in social or political relations, and so far inferior that they had no rights which the white man was bound to respect, and that the negro might justly and lawfully be reduced to slavery for his benefit."  How could you not see that as anything other than devaluing human life?  Never claimed any species identity, liar.Really? So a fetus in a dog is no different than a fetus from a human? A human fetus is by its very definition part of the species homo sapien. In fact, when you started claiming "parasite" you naturally assume a different species (parasite defined as one species living off another). So I ask you again what species a human fetus is?  Nope, because constitutional law says so, your endless lies none withstanding.So if constitutional law said a fetus and embryo is a human and abortion is illegal then you'd say this is true?  Nope, your deceitful strawman none withstanding.The courts called them property before...why don't you? Were blacks ever just property and were blacks ever inferior like the courts said?
If the pregnant woman wants the foetus, it's her baby and she its mother by virtue of her wanting it. If she doesn't, it's just foetal tissue and she's just pregnant. You want to know what it is, ask her. Don't impose your religion or metaphysics on her because you think your judgement is so much better than hers.  Back to the idea that words have no meaning? A common theme of your inconsistent beliefs.
You guys, and I mean that advisedly, think that a woman's desires, needs and interests have no meaning.They have meaning that never justify to killing another.   My words do, and my beliefs are consistent. Only to you...surely not reality.
A fetus isn't an individual until it's fully developed and born and able to survive without the direct and constant life support of the mother.Yeah, this isn't true. What you are saying is that you don't like how individual is defined so you wish to change it to make yourself feel better. A born baby can't even survive on its own so why can't we kill born babies?   I don't care if the fetus is living and growing, it's not fully developed human. And it won't be until about 25 or something.
Correct. "Person" is a legal designation. But it didn't override Section IX of the Roe vs Wade decision. So your claim of fetal personhood remains an outright lie.Person can be a legal designation but it doesn't have to be and certainly isn't when referencing human rights. Blacks were not "persons" legally but I maintain they were always persons and always deserving of human rights. I'd hope you'd agree.  And for the record, it is obvious that "person" in the 14th amendment did not cover the human fetus. This is all the court claimed of which none of it matters because person is not just a legal term.  The law stated no such thing. Please provide documentation for you lie.They were property for one, thought of as inferior for 2, and the constitution declared them 3/5ths of a person. For you to even deny that blacks weren't treated as persons under the law in the 1800s is a remarkable rewrite of history and dangerous.   Really? How is a member of a species defined? You don't know? Then perhaps your claim is a bit premature and based on ignorance, eh!!!There you go answering questions again..... The fetus is a member of the human species. Get over it.   All that is needed to be a member of a species is an entity with its own DNA if functioning systems. Again, you already acknowledged this by calling the fetus a parasite thus implying it was actually a different species.  Exactly, Dred Scott was a decision about citizenship, not personhood like you falsely claimed.They were denied citizenship because they were inferior persons and property... are you actually going to sit here and tell me blacks were treated as persons in the 1800s?   I never said it didn't, your lie none withstanding. Your claim was about being a person. Clearly the Dred Scott decision did NOT claim slaves and African-Americans not to be persons. So your claim is false.It certainly did. It claimed they were inferior.   Nope, I didn't claim that either.Why wouldn't it be?  But since you are on that topic, certainly the fetus carries out a PARASITIC FUNCTION in the woman. You can not deny that and be honest.You already have denied it because a parasite has to be of a different species and you claim no species.  What does that have to do with anything? the issue was the word "person." I can only assume that your evasive rhetorics and revisionist linguistics is an attempt at not admitting that you were wrong. You seem to think the law is everything so if the law defined a fetus or embryo as human (or person if you prefer) then does this make it so?   Your surrender is accepted.Hahahaha, you are no different then the dozens of others than have come in here rambling off inconsistent notions that have no basis in reality or logic.   Huh? Could you clarify?You seem to be of the impression that if the courts or the law say it then it has to be true. So were blacks ever just property and inferior to the white man?
A soybean farmer is not an authority on ethics. An ethicist is. Appealing to the soybean farmer on the topic of ethics is a fallacy; appealing to an ethicist on the topic of ethics is not a fallacy.This isn't true unless there is a predetermined standard of ethics and morality out there by which only a few have studied. Since this is not the case (to some extent) and it is all based on belief then the soybean farmer is just as relevant in the discussion as the ethicist. An ethicist has no better judgment on abortion than the soybean farmer. An ethicist has no better judgment on right vs wrong than the soybean farmer.    What group is that? Who makes that determination? Who decides what people get into the group?That should have said "are not".   So it should have read: "Moral decisions are NOT decided by a certain group of people unless you can establish an absolute moral right that only they know."  Without that "not" it really makes no sense.  Are you arguing that such a beast exists?I do argue it exists but I also argue that there aren't certain people that can "know" it better. It is a belief structure.   I would say an appeal to an ethicist is an incorrect appeal to authority because they have no authority to decide right vs wrong.
A point that remains irrlevant to abortions as there is no individually-existing entity constituting "another.""Because you said so" ;)
The last thing we need is MORE unwanted people crowding the planet.Then perhaps you will be first in line to take your own life to help solve this problem?
The three-fifths clause declared them "persons."  There we go again, we crazy liberals "rewriting" history by citing the Constitution.Are you trying to tell me the constitution treated blacks like persons? Are we really having this conversation?  One could say the same about any science. We technically accept nothing as infallible, but that doesn't mean that we accept what Joe Schmo off the street says about quantum physics.morality is not a science and science does have a standard by which to judge.  I question the assertion that ethics is "all based on belief."It is impossible to prove something is good unless you have a standard by which to judge good and evil. This standard can be nothing more than belief. I think it would be hard to show otherwise. Why do you think morality falls under philosophy?  Let us suppose that this statement is true, but that no absolute morality has been established. Why, then, should Washington bigwigs have any moral authority regarding issues that don't affect them? Why shouldn't the decisions be made by those people the decisions actually effect?Assuming no moral absolute? If you assume this then there is no reason why you should or shouldn't.   Which sounds to me like an argument that Mr. Washington Bigwig shouldn't force their moral decisions upon the populace (e.g. stem cell research, abortion).  Murder, stealing, animal cruelty. Those too.  using phrasing like "Mr. Washington BigWig" is borderlining on a logical fallacy by tainting the water.  A scientist doesn't "decide" what is right or wrong, but a scientist has examined the evidence and comes to a reasoned decision based on more extensive knowledge than the soybean farmer. The same could be said for ethicists and ethics.A scientist has a standard by which to judge...the ethicist does not unless the ethicist has concluded a moral standard and if there is a moral standard then the soybean farmer would still have just as much room to talk on the matter. The reasons for this are vast but in short, morality is not an observation or investigation. Morality is the conduct of the people to right and wrong. I can take this one further as well and say my morality by definition would not be known (or have the ability to be known) more to an ethicist than to a soybean farmer.
Sure it is. It is about rights and therefore about the law.Human rights aren't just in the law. Do you think rights just exists in the law? If so then if a right doesn't exist how can one say they have a right to something?  Hmm, backpedaling. Yes, they were always persons and due human rights.How is that backpedaling? And how can you say they were due human rights when the law didn't say so? And if they were always persons and the law didn't treat them as such then how were they persons if the law is the only thing that defines this (as you seem to think)? You are all over the place it seems.  So when you make claims about "rights" of a fetus as a person, then you know you are lying. Thanks for that admission.Rights are not given by the law.  Not affecting their personhood despite your claim.I agree, the law and the way the law treats someone does not affect their personhood. Now apply that to an unborn baby and you see that personhood does not get defined by just the law.  False. The 3/5th designation was strictly a census designationAnd roe v. wade was only referring to the original meaning of the 14th amendment. So it was not an overall view.  but then that's not what I stated, your lie none withstanding. So your false accusation is irrelevant to this discussion.Then what do you state? Were blacks treated as equal persons under the law in the 1800s? If not, then explain why they were still persons if the law didn't say so.  Again, how are members of a species defined?Answered in the last post. Why are you scared to answer? Because you know the human embryo and fetus is a human being?   But then if you want to call an embryo an "entity," then you have to do the same for a hydatidiform mole. Are you going to claim the hydatidiform mole to be a human being? Your unique and unworking definition has nothing to do with science.Fallacy aside, that does not fit the definition so no. The unborn does fit the definition and is therefore a human being. I am not calling the fetus a parasite, your lies none withstanding.You just did in the last post  I'm saying that the law did not declare African-Americans to not be persons, regardless of your claim that it did.Roe vs. Wade never declared an unborn not to be a person...just not a person in terms of the 14th amendment. But made no claim that they were not persons. In fact, when you read the Dred Scott decision, it mentions Scott as a person. Didn't you read it? Here you are, check it yourself:So were blacks inferior beings in the 1800s?  I have not, you are again lying.You haven't claimed no species? Then what species is the unborn?  The law is everything in the area of rights and legal issues.Only to a fool.  Human would be a biological issue, but yes if the law defined an embryo and fetus as persons, then they would be persons. So if the law changes then you'd be against abortion?  Human being is a biological issue and it just so happens the unborn is defined as a human being (no surprise).   Under the law they were at that time.And you agree with this?  Perhaps I should start counting how many times you use the word "lie" (or variation) in your posts. The good thing about this is that it gives me an idea of who I am posting too. It is funny how certain age groups act the same and we have had many folks post exactly like how you do.
I think I'll pass, I like breathing. I honestly think that the fetus is going to be a person and it is killed in an abortion. It's just that I can't see forcing a woman to have one that doesn't want it and most likely an unwanted person is going to become a drag on society. Can we kill bums? They are drags on society right? The mentally handicapped are drags too (in terms of tax dollars).
You said that blacks were not legally persons. The three-fifths clause says that you are wrong: blacks have always been persons. I never said that blacks have always been treated equally or civilly, etc.Blacks were legally property. There was no legal ruling on the definition of a word just like their wasn't in Roe vs Wade. Blacks were not considered persons under the law in that they were not treated as such. If you are property you are already not treated as a person. No?  I might be able to be convinced of this, but I'm not as of yet. Why can't comparisons be made between certain things (i.e. actions) instead of being made against a standard?Because a comparison between two things is the second step of the process. You would already have a "good" in mind (meaning the standard already set) and now you apply it to real life situations.  This seems really wishy-washy. Now, I realize that some people have no problem with things that other people find despicable, but these people are generally few and far between. If these feelings are no more than belief, why are there moral holdings that are held by the majority of people?I can't think of a way where good vs evil could come about that is not just pure belief. There really can't be a reason behind it because reason is more of a method and in a method you have to have a starting point . So if you are reasoning what soap to buy you ultimately go all the way back to the most fundamental belief you have (granted for soap its not really hard).   In other words you can't prove your very basic starting point and thus it is belief.    As opposed to what? Surely not science, judging from your statement above. Religion? Why do you place it where you place it? Many universities have ethics classes in the philosophy department. Clearly I'm not the only one who thinks that this is the logical place.No I agree it is philosophy but philosophy doesn't teach one standard for ethic or morality. The purpose of philosophy is to get one to think about morality not to teach one what it is.  I must be lost. Why I should or shouldn't what? I'm trying to explore possibilities while minimizing assumptions. It seems to me that -- absent a moral absolute -- it makes more sense not to assume one. I'll explore ideas based on assumptions, though. I am saying that without a moral absolute then perhaps they should stay our of issues that don't affect them but it doesn't force them too. In fact, without the absolute standard they can do whatever because of the lack of guidance. There would be no reason to do something that affects someone else but there is also no reason not to. Random chance I guess you could say.  Murder and stealing violate rights of people. Good point on animal cruelty. Let's include that in our discussion.Yes, you force morals on people because they may violate certain rights of people. But rights of people is a morality judgment so really you are forcing those morals because your morality says so. As an aside, since I believe the fetus to be a person doesn't that make it only logical that I be against abortion and force the morality on others? If you could do it for born persons there is no reason not to force that morality on non-born persons.  As for animal cruelty this is just a point showing that morality is often times influencing laws and not when it affects another human.   I disagree with your reasoning. Here's an example: an email recently went around my school about the "water fuel" pseudoscam. Non-sciency people were getting excited until I replied with an analysis of the facts in terms of laws of thermodynamics, which shows that there's no magical fuel as implied in the distributed information. The fact that I was familiar with scientific concepts allowed me to perform an analysis that non-scientists could/would/did not.Doesn't this prove the point actually? The standard of science is what you bounced these new ideas off of and they came back saying there is no magical fuel. Ethicists and people judging morality are seeking that standard.  The question is whether morality depends on the people or vice versa.I would argue that morality doesn't depend on the people because I can think of examples were a majority of people felt X was moral while it was clearly not and I would say it wasn't even at that time in history.  However, whether your morality can be justified might be better known to an ethicist than a soybean farmer.I don't think so because of the reasoning I used above regarding the magic fuel.
Sweetie, bums are human beings. Even Republicans are human beings, though sometimes it's more difficult to make the connection. So we don't advocate slaughtering Republicans, just because bums are better. Embryos aren't human beings. It's really that simple. Human beings are BORN, not invented theologically.  They meet every definition of human beings so why not?
Really? But my definition of a human being includes the trait that it is an organism with a physically independent life. Since a foetus cannot survive outside its mother's womb, until fairly late in the pregnancy, and indeed from a biological perspective could be regarded as parasitic, I don't see how it is reasonable to regard every foetal stage as a human being the way you would regard a human infant as a human being after birth. Frankly, I think it's insane to think this way.A parasite has to be an entity of another species by definition. There is also nothing in the definition that requires one be self sustaining and if this were true a newborn wouldn't fit the definition.
No, they don't. They aren't physically independent of their mother; they aren't sentient and self-aware. Your liver cells meet your criteria.Physically independent of the mother, sentient, and self-aware are three things not required to be a human being. An entity with human dna is all that is required. Your liver is part of an entity and not an entity itself.  Oh? Really? Since when did you become such an expert on the biology of parasites? A parasite is an organism that derives its sustenance by exploiting another living organism during its life. It doesn't have to be a separate species, just a separate individual.Well using your definition (which is wrong it does have to be a different species) then you just admitted the fetus is a separate individual did you not?    It's totally dependent on its mother, and therefore cannot be regarded as a separate organism with rights of its own that supersede the rights of its host.Dependency is not a criteria for obtaining rights. A new born is 100% dependent but they have rights.  You lot refuse to recognise the mother has any. To you lot, every mother is no more than an incubator.Of course you would just throw in random charges creating a fallacy and a poor argument.
What quality of your liver disqualifies it as an "entity"?It is not operating from itself. By that I mean it is a process that is part of a bigger process (your body in general). I can't think of a great example but assume a big computer with a small computer inside of it running off the same power supply (assume power supply is life support for example and not a component of the computer). The hard drive is not a computer but the little computer inside the bigger computer is. The unborn works the same way with pumping his/her own blood, movement at a later stage, growth being mostly driven by its own DNA...etc.
Technically, your statement should apply to slaves, not blacks inclusive.Yeah, I guess I should have but blacks were generally the ones enslaved. Good point.  Either way, though, you cannot support the claim that blacks (or slaves) were not legally "persons." The wording of the Constitution says that you're wrong. This is discussion is not about how blacks were treated; I objected to your statement about whether blacks were "legally" persons. They were legally property. Substance over form qualifies here, just because the constitution doesn't take the time to define who is or isn't a person doesn't mean it doesn't inherently do so. It did say they were property though and that makes you not a person.  I've interpreted your statement in two ways. I'll address both interpretations, just in case my suspicion that you really mean the latter is incorrect. 1. This doesn't follow. It seems I need only compare two actions/things against each other in order to develop a system with a morality rating system, not an independent action/thing of declared value or a definition.How would you compare them? Don't you already have to have good and evil to decide this? If you comparing them and good and evil doesn't exist then how could you say one is good and one is evil?  2. What are the implications if we use our feelings as judgement? If someone doing things for me makes me happy, perhaps that is my basis for judging those actions good. (Whether this idea stands up to scrutiny, I don't know. Let's explore.)You can have a morality based on yourself but it leads to evil things (at least in my perspective) and basically declares yourself god. The problem with this is not that you can't do it but it doesn't hold up as a morality that can work. Many people do it though and I call it a selfish mindset.  If we base our morality on our feelings, and the vast majority of us have predictable feelings in response to certain stimuli, then it is reasonable that these responses are evolutionary in nature. After all, it does make sense that morality increases fitness of groups.If you base your morality on your feelings then you can't say what Cho did at Virginia Tech was wrong...at least not wrong in the general. He went by his feelings and that led to evil....granted this is an extreme example. It just removes any objective standard and you wouldn't be able to convince somebody of an evil if they feel it is good. But like I said, its possible to have a morality based on this.  Are you nuts? There are so many choices! It takes me fifteen minutes every time I have to buy more! :Pha, my problem is I can't find my kind of soap....its always at the bottom and deep in the shelf or something.   If it only requires comparison without a standard, then I don't think this statement is true. If there is some evolutionary cause, then the basis is in evolutionary history.I don't understand. Do you mean like a "built in" morality the evolved?  I agree. This is why I'd like somebody to address the questions in my "Atheism and Morality" thread.Seems like an interesting thread but would take lots of thinking haha. Its a little deeper of a conversation than abortion.  I think that an absolute lack of reason to do anything is reason not to do anything. Why get involved for no reason?It would happen by random chance. Like a dice has no reason to land on 6 but it can.  What happens most of the time is that people do not feel an absolute lack of reason: In this particular example, people feel that it is right to reflect their morality upon others.Yeah, this is probably true and I agree with this to some extent.   This is intriguing. It seems we're all hypocrites. That really sucks. Or maybe I'm missing something because I'm so wiped out. I'll have to come back and revisit your post later, but I'd rather pitch in with what I can so that you can respond to my initial replies.No reason to rush responses. I take a long time sometimes. Lucky for you I'm sick so I haven't been at work much....which has turned out to be a really bad thing.  I don't know if it is hypocritical so long as you don't hold the position that you can't force morality on others. I think you can but not to an unlimited extent because no one person is a God. So with an imperfect way to impose morality the best way to operate (according to our founders at least) would be to vote on things to some extent. Even this gets it wrong though.  I meant in this respect: people who have studied the material are more likely to be familiar with coherent systems of morality and common failures/fallacies even if he or she doesn't endorse any particular one. I don't think the soybean farmer has this background knowledge, much in the same way I don't have background knowledge of these things.Perhaps they wouldn't be better arguing about it.  Well, I had three responses for this, but by the time I got done typing the second, I couldn't remember the third. (1) Is morality really at the whim of the people? Are we restricted to second-guessing only in hindsight when we aren't a part of that reality? (2) Are people completely unreliable judges because of these apparent contradictions?(1) I'd argue that morality is not at the whim of the people but rather is an outside standard by which we should try to achieve. The problem is morality in the law is at the whim of the people which is really how a lot of it is enforced. (2) I'd argue people are flawed and are unreliable. Which begs the question about how you can trust what I'm saying now haha.  I feel like I'm letting you down by submitting such a haphazard, less-than-strictly-analyzed response. If you would rather wait until I can put together a better response, I wouldn't be offended.It's just 4forums haha...not like we are writing a book :).
Is a tree an entity? I don't know much about trees but sure! It would an entity within that trees species.
False. Nowhere in the Constitution is personhood dependent on whether you are a slave or not. Your "just because I say so" expression of wishful thinking doesn't make it a fact.Why not? You use it all the time.
One can say anything they want. But they don't hold a right until a law or rule supports that right. Because you first insisted that it was about African-Americans not being person's under the law and you now going away from that claim when proven wrong.  Because that's my opinion. Actually, the law DID treat them as persons, just not as citizens and free persons. Rights are guaranteed by the law. Unless you have the law, you have no rights. Actually, the issue specifically was whether their designation as property affected them being persons, and it didn't as you now finally admit to despite denying it previously. As I said, I accept your appology for being wrong before. It does actually. It just happens that slaves DID fit within the definition of a person, while an embryo does not.  As the 14th Amendment IS the Amendment dealing with personhood, yes it is. The law still saw them as persons. The law didn't give them rights as free persons, but they were still persons. Nope. You did NOT provide any clear answer to how members of a species is defined. Why must you lie? (bolded and underlied per your request - see later) "Being" still implies individual existence. As such, embryos and fetuses are not beings. No fallacy. YOUR definition fits a hydatidiform mole as well as an embryo or fetus. Actually, it DOES fit your definition. It is a human fetus but not a being. Likewise, the hydatidiform mole is a human hydatidiform mole but not a being. Nope, I never called the fetus a parasite. YOU ARE LYING!!!! And as the 14th Amendment is the one dealing with that subject, Roe vs Wade showed that the fetus is not a person, your revisionist linguistic hyperbole none withstanding. "inferiour beings"? I don't recall having seen that claimed anywhere. Correct. So you are again lying. It may be a human unborn. Again, how do you define a member of a species? Despite your lies, you have NOT given an answer to this. Please explain what a "type specimen" is and how that has implications for your argument. And again, what implications do your argument have for a hydatidiform mole growing in a human woman's uterus?  Reported :) (that is how you debate, after all, right?) The law's definition of a person is irrelevant to my view on abortions, so no. This is an issue of you lying about the fetus being abortion, nothing else. It has nothing to do with abortions, ONLY about your LIES. Your claim about the fetus being "defined" as a human being is just another LIE in the long row of LIES you have continued to spew here. It is pathetic that you must LIE all the time in order to post and that you don't know how not to LIE. With the intent of the law, no. That at the time this indeed was the law, yes. Have at it. The way you post, that count will go up as your are rapidly escalating your LIES. (I am bolding and underlining it every time to help your counting). So if you are dissatisfied with how many times I call you on your LIES in these posts, the simple solution is for you to stop LYING all the time. Yes, somebody who will challenge you when you lie.  Wait a second....are you...are you lying to me? emoticon_hb
No-one is lying to you, m'dear. We are just wondering how you would tell the difference between an acorn and an oak tree... or even realise there is one.I don't know much about acorns and oak trees and I wasn't addressing you anyway.
Awwwww! emoticon_cry   So what you are saying, in effect, is that an anti-abortionist is a person who can't tell the difference between an oak and acorn, or a chicken and an egg? emoticon_xgoodI'm saying an anti-abortionist doesn't have to be an expert of trees. I go on to say I wasn't addressing you so if you wish to ask me a question do so in the proper way.
But I was specifically asking you if an acorn is an entity, based on your definition. And I know nothing about acorns. So possible.
Hmmmm. OK. Is your knowledge of human biology any better than your knowledge of oaks and acorns?Yes, it is.
Hmmmm. OK. So tell us, why are a human zygote and an adult human being identical? Please note, saying they have the same DNA doesn't allow you to distinguish between Einstein's hair follicle and Einstein.I argue that they are both human beings..they aren't identical anymore than an adult and a child are identical.  They are both human beings because they meet the definition of human being.
Per your definition the hydatidiform mole would then ALSO be a human being. So you must claim them to be identical as well, then??? That would be insane, your definition doesn't work.No, it wouldn't. From what I understand of the hydatidiform mole, it is a growth that contains a now dead embryo. I could be wrong because I don't know much about them but the mole is just the growth around the embryo as part of the placenta so it wouldn't match the definition I gave.
A zygote doesn't meet my definition of a human being.  Ok, well you are the definer of words. I go by biology definitions and/or the dictionary.  Humanity is something you grow into, or become, not a category that is created at the moment of conception. If a zygote is a human being, then so is an egg or a sperm, or a liver cell. They all fit your definition.No, they don't.
You understand it wrongly. The hydatidiform mole develops INSTEAD of the embryo and fetus. It is formed from conception. So what standard do you use to distinguish them? Certainly nothing you have said so far is distinguishing between them. So better come up with a new definition that does indeed make a distinction.This is not how I understand what a hydatidiform mole is and I am not sure what you are saying it is. If it does fit my definition then so be it, doesn't bother me but I can't say it does.  This is what I understand: http://www.besthealth.com/Health+Encyclopedia/Disease/article?subcat=Disease&ac=C&lg=en&ptid=1&gcid=000909
I don't think so, in the same way that you can say that one square is larger than another without knowing the actual area of either. Remember, the approach I'm exploring here is relative comparison, not comparison to an absolute. Yet when one compares a square for size they already have an understanding of what larger means and what size means. If you are comparing for which one is "more good" then you already have an understanding of what good is.   I think this assumes that people are overwhelmingly inherently evil. I don't think that most people would up and kill a stranger given the opportunity to do so without legal (or eternal) consequences.I'd say we are inherently evil and often times it is the legal consequences or lack of opportunity that holds us back. A good example of this is internet downloading. Without a question this is stealing yet people find it to be ok because lack of enforcement (easy to get away with) so it is justified to being ok. Of course if you would have asked someone prior to the internet if stealing music was ok (said just like that) then almost everyone would have said yes. In fact, today you don't see people walk into Best Buy, take the CDs, and walk out as if it were a-ok.   So I think people will do the evil thing if given the opportunity. The evil thing always is the selfish thing.    It seems to me that it can largely work when the vast majority of people share the same set of morals.Yet someone would already have to have morals for this to work. Otherwise you would everyone saying "i'll get more morals from society" and because everyone is saying that society doesn't have a set of morals..just confusion. so you get back to the idea that morality has to be based on yourself.  So, hypothetically, if my morality system comes from me, then it is selfish even if my morality tells me not to be selfish? I don't see how your labeling is justifiable. After all, we're talking about morals which almost by definition limit overt selfishness. (On the other hand, do we need to explore the idea that we behave morally only because it makes us feel good/prevents us from feeling guilty? I hate to admit that this may be a necessary consideration.)I morality based on yourself would be made to benefit yourself. This system won't always lead to a selfish result or always be immoral but it does lead to a moral system that can't justify itself.   He also had mental problems, which calls into question how appropriately this example can be applied.Well at this point you say there is an outside standard for judging the abnormality of a person. This would have to mean that morals can't be made in ones own mind because you say Cho can't do so. So now we get into a situation of what this outside standard of morality is (ie. it isn't based upon yourself).  I mean that morality might be a "trait" (if I may use that term a bit more loosely than a biologist would) that was selected for because it increases fitness within groups. This would explain seemingly inherent moral values, morality in different species (especially those lacking higher brain function).Yet many moral values are disputed...this forum is proof of that. If it is a trait then you also get into the argument used on the gay rights forums which is if it is an inherent trait then you can't say its wrong (which I actually disagree with). That goes back to my Cho example. If that is inherent then how does one say Cho was wrong and not just dancing to his DNA?  For curious sake, has there been any research to suggest this is the case?    If this is the analogy, then why does the die get thrown in the first place? I was just providing an example of something that happens at random.  If you mean that you might be able to convince others of a better morality system, I hope that you're right. I'm not sure whether this is really possible or not. Some stories suggest it is, but so is brainwashing, which shouldn't count... Everything is brainwashing to some extent. I say the difference is that a brainwashed brain would have reasoning and logic twisted as opposed to being consistent with what one says.   This is why we've worked out reliable ways to analyze and/or test claims. And so far, this discussion is really making me think, which is good, and doubly so because it's a nice change from trying to refute repeated nonsense laced with ridiculous fallacies.Welcome to my world. It isn't one side of the fence that comes up with boneheaded ways of thinking. I generally don't read peoples posts who agree with me because it is a waste but sometimes I do and I am embarrassed that they believe what I do. I thought about actually finding a way to address to terrible posters on these forums because they actually end up bringing the good posters down sometimes. I have some ideas if you ever are interested (PM only). And yes this discussion has made me think as well...which is a bad thing sometimes ha.  Yeah, but I'd like to continue a discussion that has real potential for intrigue and civility, even though my half-devil's advocation approach may be aggravating for you.Oh trust me, this discussion is about 1000 times better than the previous one I had on this thread. Better to talk to one that disagrees with you and doesn't have their head in the sand then someone who disagrees with you and refuses to listen. I go out of my way to hear other opinions which I think is the right way to do it. For example, I attended a Hillary Clinton rally where Bill Clinton spoke the other day. I don't even support Hillary ha.  Afterword: Uh, this was typed before I read the rest of the thread. Feel free to take this conversation to a different thread.meh, who cares :)
You have zero knowledge of biology, and the dictionary doesn't support your bizarre definitions. All you ever do is spout your religious nostrums as thought were either relevant or interesting.Instead of doing your normal insulting with no backup, why don't you actually provide some data for once? In fact, I'll be so kind as to start:  http://goliath.ecnext.com/coms2/gi_0199-4700235/Personhood-and-the-human-embryo.html Human being designates an organism that belongs to the species Homo sapiens. By "organism" I mean a cell or group of cells with interdependent parts that can exist autonomously in its environment. This definition includes individuals we may call persons, but it may not be limited to persons. The fertilized ovum is a human being by this definition, and so too are entities at all stages of prenatal development, whether inside the womb or in a glass culture dish. All living postnatal Homo sapiens are human beings including those who are asleep, otherwise unconscious, comatose (with or without life support apparatus), or without memory. By contrast, a severed toe is not a human being, but the entity that lost the toe remains a human being since it constitutes an autonomous composition of interdependent parts.  That was just the first science journal I came across and it defined human being as I did and he happens to be a...get this...BIOLOGIST.  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/human%20being  Human Being: any individual of the genus Homo, esp. a member of the species Homo sapiens.  Fetus and embryo meet this criteria as it is an individual of the genus Homo.
This thread is following the trend of so many previous threads in getting tangled up in applying definitions from one context into another context. Yes, one of the definitions of human being is member of the species homo sapien. Another definition of human being is "person", where the definition of "person" then also has a number of official definitions. Since many of these words (human being, person, etc.) have multiple definitions, one can pick and chose from among those definitions however one likes to support one's arguement.   The important thing, in my view, is not the general definitions themselves but in what is generally meant in a particular context. Where human rights are concerned (which is why I would think the definition of human being becomes relevant), then the United Nations charter is a good place to look to see what is meant by human rights. The UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights was set up because of all the cruelty and suffering brought about by human conflicts and oppresive regimes. This is what drove its creation and what largely defined its scope.   From Article 1 of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights (from http://www.un.org/Overview/rights.html ): From the very outset, the issue of human rights is applied to born humans - where no issue of rights of the pre-born is even addressed. So, any appeal to human rights of a zygote or fetus is most definitely an extention of the usual and accepted meaning of "human rights".   That does not mean that human rights need to be limited to born people but, if you want to extend the application of human rights before birth, you need to present a good case. I personally think that a good case can be made to extend human rights to a late term fetus - mainly because it can have a mental existence and can suffer. What compelling reasons would someone on the pro-life side have for extending the idea of human rights to a zygote or early fetus or embryo?I disagree that the UN gets to define human rights. What authority do they have on the subject?   Furthermore, the discussion was driven in terms of biology so the biological definition is what matters.
Since this is the abortion forum, I assumed that you would not let the definition be applied only in the context of biology but would extend it to the context of human rights. If I am wrong in that assumption, then please say so. No, that is fine, I was just clarifying what context I was discussing it in. I understand where you are coming from.  In the context of human rights, it is not the biological definition that matters nearly as much as the definition as used in that context of human rights. If the UN is not a sufficient authority for you when it comes to human rights, then what organization is?Why does it have to be an organization? I think human rights are endowed by my Creator so the UN really has no say to me. In fact, I think they are wrong on human rights.  If there is no accepted authority on human rights, then we are left back at square one - i.e. human rights only apply to those who people personally view them applying to. If that is the case, using it in an arguement is useless since we have no common basis of agreement about the concept of human rights on which to base a discussion.The common set of human rights are going to be reflected in our laws but I don't think this means those what human rights mean. I think our laws should seek to reflect the outside standard of human rights.
First of all, what the hell is the Alabama Academy of Sciences? Is this an outfit i should have heard of?  Second, unlike you, I AM a biologist and your pet scientist's definition is obviously contrived to fit anti-abortion propaganda. It has no basis in biology whatever. Indeed, it is not a scientific definition at all. A human embryo is no more a human being than a cat embryo is a cat. REAL biologists can tell the difference between embryos and mature animals, and see no need to ignore enormous distinctions to suit some cockamamie religious agenda.So you have no evidence you just choose to stick your head in the sand.  At least you are consistent.
Your lack of understanding is not my problem It is a product of conception, a merging of a human sperm and a human egg that grows into a mass of cells It does mean that you are saying the hydatidiform mole is an entity. So a tumor now is an entity. Hmm....I'm saying I highly doubt you know what you are talking about and since you can't seem to give me an understanding of hydatidiform mole that is consistent with what I have recently read then I have no way to address your questions.
One doesn't need to be taught what makes him or her happy or feel good.I have two points to this. (1) You still have to know what good or happy is (or understand the term) and (2) I don't think you want to say what makes you happy or feel good is the same as right and wrong do you?  I agree that this is sometimes true, but I would consider copyright infringement much more trivial than murder or stealing goods. For what it's worth, I no longer download copyrighted material. I can say that the exploration that I used to do caused me to buy more music than I otherwise would have. While this is not justification, I can honestly say that it (my personal actions only) cost the artists nothing (because I would not have bought their releases) and that it in a few cases increased their revenue because I bought albums. In fact, I'm looking for one now that I haven't been able to find yet...I would say it is on par with stealing goods but this is a little a little off subject. I think people get swayed by the fact that it is so common therefore it is not that bad. To put it in an extreme example, slavery was so common people thought it wasn't that bad. You rationalize your selfishness to make it ok in your mind. This is something that is hard to overcome.   I have, on numerous occasions, given back incorrect change, and not because I was afraid of being "caught" or of being judged by a supreme being. Was this selfish and evil?No, I should have clarified that point. Naturally I think that happens but a solid moral foundation allows one to give back incorrect change. This gets into reasons why we ought to have a moral system instead of whether or not one makes sense to have. I stand by my claim that one can be moral without believing in God. I just add that they have no reason to which can open the door to bad things.  This is not dependent upon a pre-existing set, only that whatever the set is, whenever its origin, it is shared. I'm not saying that people must get the morals from society.I think it is dependent because otherwise what would you have to share?  I'm still not convinced of this, in part because of my statement immediately above. However, I can't say that I've rebutted this, either... This more or less strays from my point. A morality system based on yourself won't be justified in that there is no reason to act in those moral ways. Why would helping society be good? What reason do you have for being good? Those kinds of things can't be answered by having a morality system based on yourself. It basically implies you (yourself) are god yet this doesn't work because, once again, you really can't answer any of those basic questions (and there are more than listed).  Not so fast. His morals were not the only factor in his designation as abnormal. If they were, then you might well be right. Let us also consider the evolutionary approach. In this respect, there is an "internal" morality that is shared by most that still allows for designation of abnormality.I'm not expert on evolutionary stuff but isn't the abnormality the first step into evolving to something new and becoming the norm? Furthermore, you get into questions about at what level is something abnormal (perhaps another moral question) and does this affect good and evil, right and wrong. Can one say that because homosexuals are a small portion of the population that they are abnormal and thus their moral system may be flawed? I don't know if we can judge morality based upon a society norm like that.  Generally, the more major issues are not disputed. Hardly anybody believes that outright stealing is ethical. There were no evolutionary implications of whether a fetus has rights. There were no evolutionary implication of the right to bear arms. Perhaps this is the reason there is so much dispute over these things and not others. In the case of Cho, one must realize that his view of morality caused him to take his own life, which in itself can be seen as abnormal.Are they major issues because they are not disputed or not disputed because they are major issues? Whether blacks were equal to whites was a big morality issue at the time. Now it is not disputed. Are treating others equal not an evolutionary trait? I don't know if the evolutionary model can really hold up under these questions.  A damn good question. I don't know of any genetic research, but research on animal behavior shows inherent morality.Animals have morality? I think they have instincts but this seems to be different from morality.  Right, but my point is that I don't see any case where there's a necessary infiltration of an outside source as you're claiming.It wouldn't be necessary...just random, happened by mere whim like the dice. I kinda forgot what we are talking about with this though haha.  I think we've seen several instances on this very forum of twisted logic that is consistently twisted and illogical... True, I think conclusion based reasoning is the worst offender. People start with something like "coke is better than pepsi" and really work their way back to making that true.   I also love the posts where you provide evidence of where your logic came from yet the responses back are "no, I'm right and you are wrong". Those people you just have to ignore.  Again, I agree. I generally find it a lot more productive, though, to address the vastly different viewpoints. I used to pitch in anytime I disagreed, but I'd rather address the terribly illogical posts rather than the ones that miss only a couple minor points.There are some posters I just don't read anything they write or in rare cases they are blocked. Seems to be the best way to deal with the increasing number of XXXXXX on this forum haha.  Depends, are they good ideas, or more just wishful thinking? Because I've got plenty of that, and even made a couple of requests, but nothing has come of them.Definitely wishful thinking but would be a good idea if it worked. At some point you just have to realize that we don't have an intelligence test or age limits to join these forums so we have to deal with certain kinds of folks.
Sorry. I am a scientist, and I am just not impressed by whatever you seem to think is the epitome of science, because the arguments you offer are so poor. Alabama? I didn't know they could even read in that state. Solid argument like "I didn't know if they could read in that state [Alabama]".   If you are a scientist then surely posting some informational sources won't be too much trouble. That happened to be the first one I found from a biologist.   You seem to be arguing that as long as you define it as a human being, it is a human being, no matter that others don't share your definition. Bloody arrogant, if you ask me. And you appeal to some local yokel in Alabama.And your argument is that "my definition is right and yours is wrong". You go on to insult a state and once again another scientist (like you did in the global warming thread) instead of addressing the issue. You prove again that you have no interest in science but prefer insulting others that disagree with you.  Just for your information, the definition of "human being" is not something anyone has "evidence" for. It's a relatively arbitrary classification -- one may be more reasonable than another, but none is subject to "proof". Your classification is one of convenience that suits your religious agenda. Mine is based on reason and includes sentience as a key component.Your definition has no basis in anything since you can't provide any real evidence out there that your definition makes sense. But since your don't feel evidence is needed then at least provide reasoning for why your random definition is better than the one in the dictionary and the one used by many people.  This allows me to exclude embryos in the earlier stages of development, the brain dead on body life support machines, and various organs and separated cells. Being a human being, being a person, takes a lot more than just having the right DNA. It's got to be able to exist as a separate person.It also allows you to exclude new born babies if you wanted and include some species of monkeys.  Biology just doesn't agree with you.And now back to appealing to science when you claim it is an arbitrary definition just mere sentences ago. If you appeal to biology then provide some evidence for your claim.
It was ludicrous. But I am not surprised you found it comforting, because it was designed to fit in with your religious prejudices.  I find it comforting because I know you can't come up with a reasonable argument. In fact, you still haven't come up with an reason or research to show your view...which wouldn't even be that hard since you claim to be a biologist and I assume you'd have access to many journals.  Sorry, but the definition is still ludicrous. You are the one in the invidious position of taking seriously a self-styled biologist who supposedly can't tell the difference between an embryo and a mature organism. It doesn't impress me at all, but i am not surprised it impresses you. Your standards for science are negligibly low. So you dismiss a scientist because you don't like his or her stances. Shows that you don't really care about science again. You have yet to cite a journal that supports your beliefs. Is this how you conduct your science? You just say "well, I disagree with that because my beliefs so the science is wrong and the scientists is an idiot". The same thing you did in the global warming thread.  Sweetie, I don't know where this stupidity came from, but I am perfectly capable of distinguishing between monkeys and human beings, and between newborns and embryos. YOU are the one with a blind spot on the matter. Yet your definition doesn't support such a distinction...sweetie.   Biology doesn't support your bizarre claim that there is nothing to distinguish an embryo from a mature, conscious, self-sufficient human being. If you continue to spout this idiocy to the contrary, all I can suggest is your religious superstitions blind you to reality.You have yet to prove this or even show an example of this. Right now I have one journal citing of a biologist saying an embryo is a human being and you have your own opinion. I take fact over your opinion any day. I think you are just stalling why trying to find one source to prove your point.  You are not an expert on biology; your sources are ridiculous. You just don't know what you are talking about.My sources are ridiculous because you don't like them? You can't attack the point so you attack the source. What credibility do you have? I'd argue none.
But that is the trouble. The UN is the closest thing we have to an international standard of human rights. Outside of that, there are various private organizations - such as Amnesty International, various churches, etc. - that set their own standard. Even if you go more local to the US, the standard that is applied depends on the party that is in the White House.   If there is no one standard of human rights, one cannot start pretending that your standard is THE standard. One can try to make a case with arguements to logic or appeals to empathy and other emotions, but one cannot use definitions from one context and arbitrarily apply them to another context. That just does not work. Even in that original context of biology, it is clear that the definition of "human being" is far from universally accepted as applying to embryos. I haven't seen an overwhelming (or any so far) biologists saying that biological the embryo is not a human being. I grant that the definition really doesn't matter because you can change definitions but lets at least be realistic with what definitions already exist. No reason to change them for purposes of a debate. There is nothing I have seen to indicate I can't call the embryo a human being but there does seem to be indications that you can't call it not a human being.   As for standards of rights, I simply deny the UN has any authority on the subject so I choose to ignore there random claims. They aren't almighty and until they are prepared to tell me those human rights came from more than thin air then I see no reason to listen.   To address the concept of human rights as the concept has historically been applied - from victims of war, to slavery, to child or spouse abuse, etc. - I would think that one would need to look at the aspects which drive people to fight for human rights to begin with. The appeals I hear most often in that context are appeals for sympathy for the suffering of the victims of human rights abuse. This, then, can apply to late-term fetuses - which probably can suffer - but not to early term fetuses.You know I disagree with this. Ways you appeal for human rights don't equate to why the human right exists in the first place.
Definitions exist, but since words can have multiple definitions depending on context, one needs to keep the context in mind. Where biology is concerned, though I don't read biological journals or too many books relating to biology, the articles that I have read that are related to biology generally use more scientific terms than human being - where "human being" seems to be used far more in non-scientific situations than in scientific situations. Much more often, I here the simple term "humans". Either way, the important aspect of the word "human being" is how people generally use it in the context of human rights, which is why I brought up the UN. I think we might agree that there is no universally accepted definition of the term "human being" in that context of human rights, so we need to deal with individual arguements on this - not on appeals to authority or on universally accepted standards. Then don't appeal to the UN. I think human being is used plenty of times in biology...from what I have seen but mainly in terms of species. Science isn't in the moral business so they don't have much reason to discuss the morality of abortion and defining human rights. I don't hear human being used in terms of human rights much...at least less now that we have some weird distinction between person and human.  They are the closest thing to an authority on the subjectNo they aren't and you yourself said appeals to authority are no good. They aren't the closest thing to an authority because they have no given authority to decide such things. They gave themselves this authority and you can't do that.  but I would agree that, just because an organization is an authority on a subject, that doesn't mean that they cannot be wrong. However, it does mean that you cannot claim that your definition is the universal definition. I say they are not even an authority on the subject. My definition is of human beings...not human rights.  However, ways that human rights were appealed to in the first place give an idea of how people in general view human rights. If you want to stray from that general interpretation, you need to present new appeals.No, how they appeal don't say how they view them. I don't understand this correlation.
Well, since what you so often "recently read" seems contrary to reality, I don't really care. I provided an accurate description of the formation of a hydatidiform mole. Funny how you could not find the description that I provided. The first couple of links in Goggle show it quite clearly:   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydatidiform_mole' http://www.paternityangel.com/Articles_zone/EarlyLoss/EarlyLoss4.htm http://www.merck.com/mmhe/sec22/ch252/ch252h.html  Reality is that the hydatidiform mole is a direct product of conception and forms a gestational tumor that can kill the woman. yet, your definition of "entity" defines it as something that should be a human life and be protected. Sick.From the first source that worked (first one wasn't linked correctly) causes the growth of abnormal tissue (which is not an embryo) within the uterus.  This is what I was saying earlier so it doesn't meet my definition.
Oh, and I checked further into them: http://www.alabamaacademyofscience.org/Alabama%20Academy%20of%20Science%20Journal.doc   So that does seem like an attempt at exerting control over the content. You HAVE to have members OK the article and the "peer-reviewer has to be OK'd by members  And then there is this part: So it is what's called a vanity journal. You have to be member of the club, and you pay to get published. That is NOT a peer-reviewed science journal.  So lets look closer at the organization itself. On the home page, it declares its presence at Samford University which bills itself as "For God, for learning, forever." Not at all promising for an institution that claims its scientific credentials to ally itself with theological foundations tied in with science. Hmm.....  Sorry, way to fishy. No go on its objectivity there.This is pathetic. The organization is having a meeting at Samford university and you freak out over it.   I see a lot of complaining over my source because it disagrees with you but have yet to see anyone else come up with something. I realize you prefer to have a conclusion and work your evidence around it but it is getting ridiculous at this point.
It grows tissue INSTEAD of an embryo. If you WANT to be deceptive and dishonest about this, feel free. But right now, you are merely cowardly trying to avoid having to admit that your definition was unworkable. You will rather engage in cowardly sophistry than admitting your error. How truly lame and pathetic of you.I quoted directly from your source. Don't blame me if your source disagrees with you. It grows, most of the time, from what would have been the placenta. It is therefore a tissue of the woman and is no more than that. It doesn't qualify as a unique entity or unique organism.
No, I am saying that they don't meet the definition of a scientific source. And as THAT was your source of the "confirmation" of your political misrepresentation of biology, it still is lame and invalid. They don't meet the definition of a scientific source because you disagree with one thing they said. If biology agrees with you then prove it. All you have done is ramble how wrong I am but you have yet to show you are right.
Sweetums, scientists have better things to do with their time than write learned treatises on what constitutes a human being -- we leave that to philosophers and theocrats. Scientists have perfectly good scientific terms for describing the various stages of human development from sperm and egg through mature adult. We don't labour under your delusion that these are all equivalent persons. That is a legal or theological argument, and you can't appeal to science to settle it for you.  Not that you would know how to appeal to science...If science can't answer the question then why do you keep saying my definition disagrees with what biologists say? Seems a little inconsistent.   Sweetums, you select some local yokel from Alabama who may or may not have a biology degree, and who has carefully contrived a definition of human being to include everything except what he wants to exclude. He doesn't use science to back up his preferred and idiosyncratic definition, and it isn't one most scientists would go along with. Science doesn't provide legal and theological definitions. But, since the local yokel puts out the propaganda you want to hear, you lap it up like mother's milk. Pathetic, Steve.  You haven't a scientific leg to stand on, and it shows. So you have nothing and you choose to insult scientists. This comes after you state that what scientists say doesn't matter. You are all over the place. This is the same bs you pulled in the global warming thread so I am not surprised.  Once again, scientists don't waste their time writing articles defining the term "human being". Quoting some "right-to-lifer" from Alabama isn't making a scientific argument. Quoting a scientific journal isn't a scientific argument? You are really stretching it here. And if it is the case that scientists don't "waste their time" then why are claiming what they think? You have shown no proof of this and it doesn't look like you will.  It's a pity your knowledge of biology is so weak you get the wool pulled over your eyes so easily.The greater pity is not my knowledge of biology but the fact that you claim to be a scientist and yet just insult them when they disagree with your biased views.   Once again you have no evidence for your claims and I do. This is nothing new from you.  A human egg or sperm is "human"; a human zygote is "human"; a human embryo, foetus or child is "human". So is a human liver. A "human being", however, is a colloquial term with no precise scientific meaning -- it has traditionally referred to any born member of the species Homo sapiens, and always one with self-conscious awareness.You have shown no evidence of this. In fact, the definition only requires to be a member of the species Homo Sapien...not born. Justify your claims for once.
Unless I have been misunderstanding you in these posts and discussions, you seem to want to use definitions of the term "human being" as used in the biological sphere and apply them to the idea of human rights. You misunderstand these posts.  1) Definitions in one context may change for another context, which is why most dictionaries contain multiple definitions of words. You cannot just pick and chose them for your convenience.Then you can't say its wrong for your convenience either. The entire debate started because I called an embryo a human being...which is a correct use of the term. Doesn't matter if there are other definitons, point is that it is proper to use the term and to say it is not is wrong.  2) In the context of human rights, there may be no one standard but the fact that the UN seemed to take birth as a standard is indicative of the fact that there was at least agreement at that high diplomatic level. That is not insignificant.Very insignificant actually. They have no authority on the subject and to say they do is no more than an appeal to authority fallacy.  The main discussions of human rights come into play on an international level - where, for ex., the US accusses North Korea or some other country of human rights abuses towards its people. If international spheres are the main spheres in which human rights is mentioned, then it makes sense that an international organization such as the UN should be taken as an authority. Do you propose another authority?Indeed I do believe there is another authority on the subject but I don't think you will like it.  If you deny any authority of the UN and you cannot propose another universally accepted authority, then you would have to admit that there is no authority on the subject and that any appeals to human rights would have to be done not to any imaginary standard of human rights but on a case by case basis. If that is the case, then why these games with definitions? What are you hoping to accomplish? It just seems to be a pointless direction.The UN is not universally accepted for one and if it were then it still doesn't make it a source of human rights because acceptance of something doesn't make it true. If the UN felt blacks were inferior then I'd still claim this is wrong. As for the rest of the conclusion you draw, it doesn't follow from the reasoning you presented.
Do you or don't you aknowledge that words can have multiple definitions depending on the context? If you don't aknowledge that, then you would really need to look at more dictionaries - multiple definitions are everywhere. If you do aknowledge it, then why do you think it is relevant to apply the definition of "human being" from the context of biology (where, even there, the definition is vague enough to be contentious) to the context of human rights? It just seems like a pointless exercise. Seems you missed the point. The point is that in no matter what context I use the term "human being" for, it is proper when referring to an embryo. I'm not the one that question the use of the term.   Nevertheless, since the term "human rights" is most often used in the context of international relations, wars, and the treatment of governments of their people, I do think that the UN and other such international bodies do have some authority on the subject (at least more so than any other groups) that one can refer to as a global standard. You can be of that opinion I suppose but I find they have no authority. Human rights are discussed when being violated against. They are violated mostly by governments but you can have them violated by people. You can also discuss them as we were now...in a general sense.   However, even though that is the closest thing that we have as a standard when it comes to the usual use of the term human rights, I do not think that standards need to be fixed for all time. One can change standards by convincing people with arguements that appeal to reason and emotion. To be in the least bit convincing, any extention of human rights to zygotes or fetuses requires such arguements. The argument requires a reason for having human rights in the first place. Then UN certainly hasn't established this. This is yet another reason they are not an authority on the subject. To add to this, you can't extend human rights without a reasoning for rights. Without that all you would have to say is "they aren't included therefore they have no rights".  You may claim your particular Christian religion as an authority but you know full well that it is not a universally aknowledged authority so you cannot claim it as such. The UN is far more universally aknowledged and far more quoted and referenced in its views on human rights than are religious institutions. Do you have any evidence for this? Seems the Bible is quoted more times than a UN report.  The UN is the closest thing we have to a universally accepted authority but I agree that authorities are not always right.I say that its not close for one, universally accepted means nothing, and the UN had no authority to begin with.  You often compare the lack of rights of zygotes and embryos to the earlier lack of rights for blacks. It just makes no sense to make that comparison if one doesn't analyze WHY blacks were deprived of rights and WHY they were eventually given rights - i.e. what arguements were used to give them rights.Comparisons are not meant to be all inclusive of events. I use blacks and others as examples to show we traditionally have been wrong every time we say a human being is not worthy of rights. Blacks were "inferior people" and with the unborn we just declare them not people. The reasons for making such declarations will always vary but it seems traditionally the reasons are only seen as "wrong" long after the fact....as in 20/20 hindsight.
When you say that, you seem to imply that an embryo can be called a human being in all contexts. You seem to ignore the fact that words or phrases have different meanings in different contexts. So, where embryos are concerned, I could make a statement that **in the context of biology and archeology**, one could interpret embryos as falling under the definition of "human being". That conditional statement would be more accurate. My problem with your arguement is that it seems that you want to illegitimately drop the condition.You can use it in any context but that doesn't mean when used it means that. For example "person" in the constitution means something different than what person means in another context but if you use person when talking about the constitution you can use it in whatever context you want.  Yes, but the great majority of the time that one hears the term "human rights" discussed IS in that international situations - i.e. what one group or country does to a certain group of people. The main use of words help determine their definitions. I don't think it is the main area I hear it being discussed. I hear it more locally.  "A reasoning for rights" - that is the critical thing that I think needs to be addressed. I claim that a reasoning for rights that has been historically given is important in addressing a general reasoning for rights. Most of us have accepted the historical appeals for rights - those arguements appealed to our emotions of sympathy and our sense of fair play. What reason for rights would you give for rights of a zygote?We are looking at reasoning too different ways. You are looking at it as reasons for giving rights while I am looking at it as reasons for having rights in the first place. I understand how rights are argued for many times but this doesn't speak to why that right even exists. I think an appeal to sympathy is merely begging the question on the subject.  Most of the times I hear of human rights is in the news. I'm not even sure if the Bible ever even mentions that term - I doubt it does.One doesn't need to use the buzz word "human rights" to be talking about them.  The UN is the closest thing we have to an international political union. Its power may depend on its member states, which certainly excercise a large degree of sovereignty, but there is no other global international organization that has similar power and authority (such as it is). What organization would you say has had a greater public say and influence on the international discussion about human rights?None. I say the UN has no authority on the matter. I don't believe human rights are developed by a group of people sitting in a big room.  The thing is that your arguements about zygotes automatically deserving human rights sound just as arbitrary as if someone passionately claimed that unfertilized eggs automatically deserve human rights.And are just as arbitrary as arguing for human rights for a child.  The reasons for both are not sound. There are many good reasons why blacks deserved human rights. I just haven't heard any good arguements about why zygotes deserve human rights. This isn't a problem with the reasons but what you believe makes up a good reason for human rights. Naturally it is biased against the zygote because you think a certain mental state is a requirement for human rights. I disagree with this and thus the reasoning to me for a zygote having human rights is rather convincing. I think the mental state requirement is much more arbitrary than one that simply looks at a human being (for purposes we will assume my definition). Mental state varies from person to person and grows, normally, over time. As a human being you either are or are not one. There are no levels of being a human being.   Really, it would be far more productive if we discussed those reasons instead of discussing definitions. It could potentially be far more convincing.Talk to Dane and Lesz, I didn't bring up the definition question. I am merely defending my use of the word. In fact, it is a little odd that you come after me on this instead of the ones that make it an issue in the first place.
If you had quoted a Scientific Journal then it would be different. As I showed, it is not a Scientific, Peer-reviewed journal, but rather a membership journal you pay for publishing in, ie. a "vanity journal." So you are AGAIN lying. emoticon_wow How can you LIE that much?Really? Is the AAAS a non-scientific organization too? Hope you don't read the journal Science because it isn't good enough for you.   You just choose to attack the source because it disagrees with your viewpoint. Don't let science get in the way of your fanatic beliefs. emoticon_xgood   An outright lie as I would have expected from a pathological liar fundie. The journal is NOT a peer-reviewed Scientific Journal. I documented this and thus DID show how I am right and your denial therefore is a lie... AGAIN!!!!!!If it isn't a peer-reviewed journal than why does it have to be reviewed by two experts in the field? Why is the journal associated with the AAAS? Why do you attack the source and not offer one that supports your view? Is it because you can't provide evidence for any claim you make or because you enjoy the taste of sand?  Keep digging that hole Dane.
Hard to say, but their journal doesn't meet the criteria for a Scientific Journal. And you get to decide this because???? I'm guessing the only journals that you support are those written by NOW.  Sure it is. Are you saying that the Scientific Journal Science is using the same criteria for publishing and peer-review as your source uses? Or are you LYING again?I'm saying the AAAS publishes it.   Nope. I showed how it is not meeting the requirements for a Scientific Journal.The requirements you arbitrarily made up?   There is NO evidence that these are the type of reviewers chosen. I documented how reviewers were chosen, so you now choose to LIE again.Really? I was thrown off by this: "Manuscripts will be reviewed by experts in the research area". So other than them saying they do so, there is no evidence.... :xbanghead   To add to your ever embarrassing failure here is a description of this journal provided by General OneFile:  * About this Publication  Title:Journal of the Alabama Academy of Science ISSN:0002-4112 Format:Magazine/Journal Peer-Reviewed:Y Frequency:Quarterly Language:English Audience:Academic Gale Subject Headings:Science and technology Description:Science journal. Index Coverage:Jan 1, 2000 - Current Full-text Coverage:Jan 1, 2000 - Current Publisher:Alabama Academy of Science Address:UAB Chem. Dept., Birmingham, Alabama 35294    It is their journal. That's mentioned and documented on their website. Did you miss that?No, but you did. It also isn't their journal...the journal is an affiliate which I agree means you believe that journal represents your values. So if the AAAS, a respected organization, supports this journal why can't you? Why have you still failed to provide any proof that my definition is wrong?
Your definition is broad enough to include any tissue with human DNA as "a human being". I am sure Spermatozoan Americans will be greatly relieved to know you are fighting the good fight for their right to life, and the realisation of their potential! Of course, in reality you don't want to do that, so you have to append a huge list of exceptions to your definition so the things you want to regard as "not a human being" are conveniently excluded from your definition. But your definition was neither logical, scientific nor consistent.  Real scientists don't go around worrying their heads about trying to decide, on a purely scientific basis, strictly moral and metaphysical questions such as when a foetus becomes a human being with substantial human rights. They know that isn't a scientifically resolvable issue. All they can do is observe the various stages of development, and what they observe is that you need a fully functional brain for sentience, which most of us would agree is an essential feature of a live "human being". Not potential sentience, if all goes well, at some point in the developmental future, but actual sentience. You have no evidence for any of your claims here. Why is this? Why do you appeal to science after saying I can't? Why you choose to misrepresent what a human being is? The inconsistent view here is from you.   You didn't quote a scientific journal. You quoted some individual's personal opinion published in some publication that no-one else here except you had ever heard of. You seem to think that scientists should accord the same reverent respect to every third grade rag with "science" in its title the way you revere your bible. Science doesn't work that way. A personal opinion is still just a personal opinion.It is a biologists view in a scientific journal. Why do you choose to ignore some scientists when they disagree with you even when you have no proof that they are wrong? In fact, you dismiss them without even hearing what they have to say.   Steve, what "evidence" do you have??? Someone's personal opinion!Don't worry about my evidence when you have presented none. Let's see you back up your claims for once.  My posts are a long string of justifications. You are just dogmatically incapable of understanding my position, let alone accepting it. As usual, your religious beliefs get in the way of your common sense.Long string of justifications? Things like " I didn't know they could read in Alabama"? Justifications require you to actually show evidence or at least make a logical argument for something. You have done nothing more than slander others. So if your justifications is that "everyone else is wrong" then I'd say that isn't a good reason. You can start by backing this up: "fully functional brain for sentience, which most of us would agree is an essential feature of a live "human being"".
Actually, I didn't know they could read in Alabama -- generally, that state is at the top of every bad statistic in the US, and the bottom of every good one. It is, needless to say, a staunch part of the bible belt. There you go again insulting states for no reason. You do nothing more than insult people you don't like.   Sweetie, here is my position in a nutshell. The state of being a human being with human rights is not definable by science -- unlike the state of possessing human DNA, which is a much simpler issue. It is not supportable by factual evidence, because it isn't a scientific question, period -- true, you do need human DNA to be classified as a human being, but that is generally regarded as insufficient in and of itself. Even a dogmatic believer like you wouldn't want to call eggs and sperm human beings. At least, I hope you wouldn't, though frankly at this point, I wouldn't be surprised if you did. You are the one who keeps inappropriately harping on science. Any position on this can only be supported or opposed by reason and logic. It is a philosophical, theological or otherwise metaphysical point of view.We have seen one instance where you are wrong. I see no reason to trust you here. Human being is a philosophical question but it also has a biological use. Furthermore, I never stated DNA was the entire criteria. I actually said an organism (or entity) that contains human DNA. A liver cell is not its own entity. In fact, that article I linked to explained the difference very well.  If you need evidence that there has to be a fully functional brain for sentience, however, I refer you to any textbook on neuroscience. No, I need evidence that most people believe a fully functional brain is needed to be a human being. Also a fully functional brain being a relative term from anywhere between 12 wks as an embryo or 10yrs old.
Sorry, but Alabama's statistical placement is a matter of record. If they prefer religion over science, it's their look-out. So your stance is because you believe Alabama is low on education that it makes everything in that state wrong? Get a real argument.  No it didn't. It was extremely poor. And may I point out to you that to any biologist, every cell is an entity. Human cells contain human DNA. So yes, a liver cell is "its own entity".Obviously this is not true and yet another example of something you can't back up.   All you want to have is the license to scream and shout that abortion is equivalent to murder. But it isn't. Any more than surgery is.because you say so? No.  That's pretty funny. If most people don't believe that a fully functional human brain is needed to be a sentient human being, then most people are pretty damn ignorant. Do you have evidence that most people are as ignorant as you assume they are? Well, not a biggie -- they probably are.This is not what you said. You said: "fully functional brain for sentience, which most of us would agree is an essential feature of a live "human being"". You said a functional brain is required for sentience which is an essential feature of a live human...not a sentient human.   Try actually reading what you wrote.  And yes, it is true that a foetal brain -- once it begins to develop -- is not fully functioning in the way of an mature adult brain. Yet another argument for denying the claim that a foetus is equivalent to an adult. The notion is idiotic. The foetal brain just isn't all that developed.Neither is a 1 day old babies brain. I guess they should be denied human rights as well.  And I need hardly point out to you there is no scientific evidence for this soul your religion believes in.No one here brought up the idea of a soul. What is it with you and logical fallacies?
No dear, I'm just pointing out to you that a personal opinion is not a scientific fact. Don't you get that yet? What does it take to penetrate? Saying people in Alabama are stupid is pointing out that a personal opinion is not a scientific fact?  Look, Steve, i realise you aren't a biologist, so you get lost in scientific terminology and concepts. But yes, a cell is one of the fundamental units of biological organisation. It is an entity, and many human cells these days can be cultured in vitro, for longer or shorter times. A cell is a basic biological entity. And science is on the brink of being able to make almost any cell pluripotent, or capable of turning into other cells, perhaps even into growing into a new human being. I'll just default to what a real biologist said: "Human being designates an organism that belongs to the species Homo sapiens. By "organism" I mean a cell or group of cells with interdependent parts that can exist autonomously in its environment".   So while you accuse me of lying, the fact is i know my biology, and you don't. Your accusations are worthless. I never accused you of lying... I accused you of being wrong. And you are. Also seems you know nothing about biology or at least have no references to back up anything you say.  Because science backs me up. Try a library -- you know... one of those big buildings with lots of books. Hasn't so far. In fact, you haven't provided any evidence for anything you have said. I don't even doubt you can find it...but you haven't. Perhaps the one needing a library isn't me.   Any definition of a human being with human rights I've come across that made sense included the notion of sentience. That is why Terri Schiavo's life-supported carcass was no longer a human being -- it didn't have a functioning brain to pilot it any more. But religious zealots weren't educated enough to figure this one out.Well prove that most people think this way like you claimed and stop wasting our time with your bigoted views of religion.  Try understanding what I wrote. So far, you absolutely refuse.I did which is why I called you on twisting your own words. You claimed most people think a human being has to be sentient. Show this to be true. Furthermore, show when "fully functional brain" is established.  Sweetie, you have resolutely refused to understand what I've been saying. No surprise there, you aren't a reasoning person. You are a religious believer instead. I've argued that human rights develop along with physiological development. An ovum or sperm has fewer rights than a zygote, which has fewer rights than an embryo, which has fewer rights than a foetus, which has fewer rights than a prenatal baby, which has fewer rights than a post-natal baby, which has fewer rights than a child... etc., etc. Rights accumulate with development and growing sentience.Interesting, can we remove rights for those with lower IQs? Do I get more rights for being college educated? What about with a graduate degree or PhD? Do I get more rights for those? Your argument makes no sense and even counters the UN human rights argument which is by far one of the worst.   I realise you cannot accept this because of your religious dogma, but don't expect me to take your unthinking dismissal seriously. You are arguing from ignorance.I realize you hate religion but do you really have to bring it up in every post you have?  Well, the so-called soul is the seat of your religious objection to abortion. Where is the evidence there is such a thing?I never brought up anything about a soul. What is the term when you pre-judge someone and assume things about them without ever investigating....you know, where you hate something with no real evidence. There has to be a term for that... emoticon_frazzled
When one stays within context, one can use the definition that is appropriate for that context. It is just not valid to automatically claim authority of a definition in one context to use that definition in another context. I'm not sure if you agree or disagree. So, I will ask - are you or are you not trying to apply the definition of "human being" as might be used in biology to the context of "human rights"? If so, then that is what we are objecting to. If not, then please say so - it will go a long way in resolving this part of the discussion.At the time of the discussion I was having I was not discussing anything to do with human rights even though the subject was implied. This is not say I don't think human being can be used in a discussion of human rights while referring to a fetus as a human being.   By "locally", do you mean that, in your church, discussions are held about "human rights" on subjects other than what ethnic/political groups do to other groups? Otherwise, do you claim that "human rights" are discussed when it comes to more mundane local problems such as local murders, etc. (mundane only meaning that it does not happen on a larger scale)? Could you give examples or an explanation.I mean a few things by it. I mean it in disputes between local/state government or even federal and the citizens or between two citizens or just between people discussing philosophy. My job requires me to be around universities a lot so many thats why.  I think it is a combination. I think that there are reasons for rights to exist that one can discuss. When a group is deprived of rights, one appeals to those reasons in order to win the rights that the group deserved to begin with. Once again an appeal doesn't focus on the reasons for the right.  Where slavery was concerned, most of us would agree that they should have had those rights to begin with but they were unjustifiably taken away from them. I think that the problem was mainly wrong assumptions made about blacks - assumptions that they were incapable of governing themselves, that the Bible gave whites permission to enslave black men, etc. Mostly, it was convenient for white planters to have blacks as slaves so they easily let themselves be convinced of these bogus arguements, so that they could feel justified in their attempts at enslavement. I think that, if white planters would have dropped their interpretation of the Bible supporting slavery and would have accepted the reality that, in all but skin color, black men were the same as they were, then they would have had a very hard time justifying slavery. You argue that if they dropped their reasoning then they'd have no reasoning. This is obvious. I argue beyond this in that it wasn't a wrong reasoning for denying blacks but a wrong belief.   Where zygotes are concerned, the only comparison I can imagine is that those of us who follow Science don't see anything in the zygote (in what it is AT THAT MOMENT) that necessitates rights. Since you believe in a soul coming in at conception, then the zygote is more than just its potential for the future. In your view, it is ALREADY a person like you and me due to the existence of that soul. We disagree. Since you cannot prove the existence of the soul, then we will have to agree to disagree and continue to vote our opposing views. Where does this soul thing keep coming from? I haven't mentioned a soul. I argue this: human =< rights. Very simple. You see now that we are more crafty in how we deny human rights...instead of before where you kept an understanding of a word and made up things to remove them from that understanding we now just change the understanding. One can easily see this evolving to something like "a person is really someone that generates worth for the world" and so we start denying the elderly and the handicapped rights.  A child has the same range of emotions, thoughts, possibility to suffer as we all do, so we would support the rights of a child for the same reason that we want rights. It is the arguement of "do unto others" that is the basis of morality that most people have learned. The main difference between a child and adults is that children are far too inexperienced to survive in the world on their own, so they need supervision of adults. So, the rights that apply to adults conducting their own affairs (voting, holding property, etc.) don't apply to children. Pretty much all other rights do apply to children. Your UN doesn't claim there are different rights between child and adults, do you disagree with this view?  Furthermore, the fact that a child has emotion and thought doesn't make the idea of those things being important any less arbitrary.  The differences between adults and zygote are far greater. Indeed, the only differences between zygotes and unfertilized eggs are the second set of DNA (thus making a complete set) and the start of the growth process. Most of us would not look at either of those properties as justifying a life form going from no rights to rights so strong that they overcome rights of the mother to her own body.Well I deny a right to your own body but that's beside the point. Furthermore, I disagree with your assessment. A fetus of 30wks is closer to a newborn than a newborn is to a 50yr old but I don't see why we should discriminate based on development.  As I have posted in numerous threads, it is not the DEGREE of a mentality but the EXISTENCE itself of some mentality - i.e. there needs to be "someone home" in that body, not just a body itself. That someone might have negligible mental capabilities, but he/she has to exist mentally. Mental existence is just as binary a state as is the existence of a genetically unique human being which arises at conception.This is still arbitrary. "someone home" might mean the very first brain activity or it could be the concept of self awareness which develops after birth if I remember from a psychologist I spoke with on the subject (correct me if I'm wrong on that).  They may be attacking you on this for the same reason that I am questioning you. I think we are all assuming that you want to apply the definition of "human being", as it might be used in biology, to the term "human rights" and claim that, therefore, the authority of definitions means that one can authoritatively claim that human rights apply to zygotes. If this is not what you are trying to do, then please state that clearly and explicitly. It would go a long way toward resolving this part of the discussion.You are discussing something entirely different from what they are. They simply disagree I can use term at all when referring to a fetus and I believe I can. You are talking human rights. I object that you question me on the subject when I merely am defending something I wrote a long time ago that had nothing to do with what you are discussing. I am ok with you talking about the rights thing but at least be fair about the matter I was discussing with another poster.
Sweetie, YOU quoted some idiot in Alabama as if what he said was scientific TRUTH, I just pointed out it was a personal opinion, not a scientific hypothesis, let alone theory or fact. Deal with it. No you pointed out that people in Alabama can't read (or you didn't know they could). Why did you choose to insult Alabama and why do you still insult this scientist?  Hmmm. Well, that describes the liver -- after all, each liver cell exists "autonomously in its environment". So you are arguing that a liver cell is a human being. Gotcha. It's idiocy, but maybe it's inspired idiocy. Inspired by whom?No, it can't. This is wrong.  I've forgotten more biology than you ever knew.Apparently because it seems you have forgotten a lot.  At this point, I'm not even sure aren't a resident of Alabama. I have science behind me, in that nothing I argue contradicts science. All you have is religious superstition.What? You aren't sure "aren't a resident of Alabama"? Do you mean you aren't sure I'm not a resident of Alabama? Well to settle your fears, I am a resident of Virginia which is well known on these forums.   If nothing you say contradicts science then surely you will be able to provide evidence for your claims. You have yet to do so in any debate we have ever had.   Most people who agree with your religious superstitions think this way. YOU do.This doesn't make any sense. Most religious people think sentient is a requirement for being a human being? I suppose you should prove that as well a long with proving that most people agree with you.   Steve, dear, show me someone who doesn't think a human being needs to be sentient. And no, I can't tell you when a foetus becomes sentient. But I can tell you it can't happen before it grows a brain.Show you someone?...Ok, that biologist from Alabama that you love.  There you go again, creating straw men to flail against. Does it make you feel good, attacking ideas of your own invention? If it makes you feel better, iI strongly support the rights of human beings with low IQs. Maybe you'll feel less threatened now It's not the IQ that's at issue, it's sentience.Then what do you mean by awareness which is what sentience basically is? Self awareness? If self-awareness then in what aspect?  Why not? It's your disgraceful religion that turns this into an issue.Well at least you admit to hating religion...  There is a term for that. Religious belief. Give it up and adopt rationality, you can't lose.So you have religious beliefs then. Interesting.
Look Stretch, do you want the government to have total say over your life? If not then shut up! The government should have no say regarding the topic of abortion, it should be up to the people, not some elected officials who only know how to lie, cheat and steal!Who are you talking to? There is no "Stretch" that has posted on this thread.
I'm talking to you, with the extra three Es in his name.In that case, yes, the government should have a say in the issue of abortion just like they have a say in me not harming you.
I can't tell what you mean. A liver cell can't be a human being? I agree, but it fits that definition of "organism." If a liver cell can't be a human being, then how do you reconcile this fact with the definition you used?It didn't fit the definition provided in the article I linked to.
Nope, there are standards for a journal to be Scientific. I already pointed out where this journal doesn't fit these requirements. That you continue to LIE about it is not my problem.It seems to be a scientific journal based on the standards you wrote and based on reality. I already posted where it was a peer reviewed journal and now you just don't wish to admit you are wrong.  Who? I accept those journals as scientific that are following the requirements of the independent peer review and submission policies that makes them scientifically valid. This journal does not hold an independent and secret peer-review, nor does it select on content merit; instead going for you paying for submissions. These points makes the journal not scientific, ALL your endless lies none withstanding.Can you show these are actual requirements for a scientific journal or are you just making stuff up again? Furthermore, how is a "secret peer-review" independent? Seems like that lacks transparency.   you were trying to claim that it was the equivalent of the journal Science. Are you now lying or back-pedaling?I'm claiming the people that operate the journal Science support this journal (the AAAS that is).  Nope, the requirements necessary for being a scientific journal. Your ignorance of this is not our problem.Apparently it is because you keep addressing it.  So are you illiterate or dishonest or both? The submission requirements clearly stated that the authors had to submit a list of reviewers. That makes it NOT an independent evaluation.Yes it does.  Because it is not a peer-reviewed, Scientific Journal. It doesn't meet the standards, it is what is called a vanity journal. I provided proof earlier. You are again LYING!!!!No you didn't
You seem to repost that lie time after time. The journal requires one author to be member of their organization, it refuses independent editing and requires the authors to pay to be submitted. As I have pointed out, these requirements precludes it being a scientific journal. Your ongoing claims to the contrary, after you have been shown otherwise, makes you a poster of outright lies. There is nothing that you have given that shows this journal to not be credible. The fact that they are associated with the AAAS (the writers of the journal Science) is proof enough. Furthermore, I showed where a company responsible for maintaining a database articles has declared this journal to be peer-reviewed and acceptable.   Really? Where is it listed that the article is reviewed by experts in the field, and who do not know who the authors are? Oh, wait, you didn't provide that information anywhere. You are again LYING!!!! You provided the information actually. See that Word document you posted at the bottom. It says: "Manuscripts will be reviewed by experts in the research area". Furthermore, there is no criteria stating the author cannot know who is reviewing or that they have to know. You are grasping at straws here.  I documented where you are lying. That does not make me wrong. So your claim is yet ANOTHER LIE. Are you at all able to post without lying?  Let me help you with some easy reviews: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer_reviewI find it a little ironic that you quote wikipedia to try and prove a scientific journal is not up to journal standards. Furthermore, nothing in that wikipedia article suggests this article isn't peer reviewed. In fact, we have already seen where people believe it to be peer reviewed.   You got to be incredibly ignorant about this when you don't even know that the secrecy is about who the author is. We KNOW who the peer-reviewers are, but the peer-reviewers are not supposed to know who the authors are. Sheesh. Is there ANYTHING at all that you know about the Scientific Method? Or are you utterly and completely science-illiterateSeems your article suggests the peer-reviewers shouldn't be known by the public. Furthermore, are you claiming wikipedia is the standard?  Are you? Where is your documentation?http://www.aaas.org/aboutaaas/affiliates/#affiliated_academies_of_science
Steve, dear, science doesn't support your religious superstition. Why would you even want it to?You mean your religion (not science) doesn't support reality.   I haven't brought up religion in this thread yet you seem to bring it up in every post. Your hatred for religion blinds you which is why you have no arguments but instead choose to insult members or this forum and others that disagree with you.
I don't have a religion. I leave that to you lot.Try, it is more of a cult.  Steve, you "not bringing up religion" on this thread is like the pope not bringing up Catholic theology.Where did I bring up religion when addressing you?
Yes, I know religion is a cult. Science is neither. When do you ever exclude religion from your arguments?When I don't address it.   Every false religion is a cult and therefore your's is a cult.
The whole point was that the subject of human rights and abortion was, as you say, implied. If you had been having that discussion in a completely new forum (not 4forums.com where your views are known) that has nothing to do with abortion or human rights, then you probably would have had much less enthusiastic rebuttals of your arguements of embryos being called biologically human beings, since there would have been no assumed conotations carried with that word. Your arguements here of embryos being called human beings was obviously transparent - at least to me and I would be very surprised if had not been transparent to the others you were discussing this point with.  Don't worry about my discussions with others, the two I am talking to do not care for honest debate and you trying to justify their position is not needed.  Can you give some specific examples of more everyday situations in the US where "human rights" are discussed?These forums.  It doesn't necessarily focus on that, but the appeals for rights in specific situations often mimic the original drive for rights that drove people to demand them and governments to eventually grant them. However, my guess is that it is not these people-demanded and government-granted rights that you had in mind but that you have in mind some automatically existing rights based on a global proclamation of rights - be they "natural rights" or a religious view of rights.I see no evidence that the reasons mimic the appeal.   I suspect that we may be getting back into the discussion territory of proclamations vs reasons, where I think that there were original reasons for people to have rights and you may think that there is a blanket statement that one can make about rights. There were discussions about "natural rights" among philosophers, which were then adapted by politicians supporting rights, but philosphers generally tried to defend their own views of "natural rights" with reasoning. I think that the only area where a proclamation of rights is not necessarily supported by reasons is in the realm of religion and suspect that this is where you are coming from in your ideas about rights.Reasoning only comes from proclamations. For example you can't reason that reason exists without actually violating reason.  I argue that their reasoning was illogical and could have been disproven if even minor objective investigations would have been made - thus curtailing the slaveholders ability to use bogus arguements.And I think you are wrong because you are already working from a different deck of cards. Hindsight can't be used when making an argument.   Stepping back to your comparison between slavery and abortion in denying rights, what incorrect assumptions about embryos do you claim that pro-choice proponents make? Here, I am looking for something similar to my outline of the incorrect assumptions made by slaveholders about blacks. That they are not deserving of human rights.   You didn't mention a soul here in this thread but eventually mentioned it in another thread when I had challenged you to note the main difference between a zygote and an unfertilized egg that is critical to you.I didn't mention in our discussion here and I am not aware of what you are referring to so please don't bring it up unless you have a reference that you are questioning.  Otherwise, your arguements mostly revolved around proclamations. As for your claim that we are changing the definition of the word human in human rights to suit our purpose, I would claim that this is what you are doing, not us. The only time I had heard the term "human rights" applied to embryos is by you.Of course, the definition has been changed for a long time. Again history has been against those that argue a human is not deserving of human rights.  Though I haven't read the entire declaration of human rights, it mostly seems to address rights to protect people from cruel treatment. I don't think it really addresses property rights, rights of dependents, etc. So, though it might pertain to the rights of children from violence, slavery, etc., it will not address whether the child can have property rights to, say, its Sony Playstation ... Basically, the UN addresses "human rights" (where that term usually refers to the more basic of rights against cruel treatment) not ALL rights - most rights are up to the constitutent countries.Aren't we talking about human rights? I'm ok with no granting an embryo the right to vote. So are their different levels of human rights now?  It appeals to a common sense of empathy that most humans have. The existence of a sense of empathy in nearly all humans (except for psycopaths) makes it not arbitrary. Most of us were brought up with a morality that involved thinking about how our actions will effect others - where empathy played the main role in those moral decisions.That is still arbitrary because you never established a connection between empathy and morality where empathy is the reason for morality.   For the core rights to life, I would not disccriminate against level of mental development but would discriminate based on whether there is any mind at all. I simply would not give rights to bodies.brain waves begin rather early. Do you discriminate now?  Recognizing that there is an "I" (which I understand is the concept of self-awareness) is different than being developed enough to experience everything that comes along with being an individual mentally existing being - the emotions and/or thoughts, the perception of pain or other senses, etc. Again, the importance I place on mind for having a right to life is not in a more highly developed mind but any mind to begin with. That mind doesn't have to recognize itself in order to exist. Most animals may not have self-awareness, but they have emotions, a sense of pain, etc. if that is self-awareness then I am pretty sure that develops after birth.   I was hoping to avoid that by jumping to the core of the arguement - i.e. can the term "human rights" be applied to embryos.This is what you care about...you have no idea what they are thinking or care to discuss. I don't mind you jumping in but don't take my use of words out of the context they were in.  Perhaps I am jumping to assumptions, but it seemed obvious to me that the arguements about whether the definition of "human being" in the biological realm includes embryos were never meant to stay only within the biological realm. It was and is clear to me that everybody saw the ultimate goal of that line of reasoning. So, it was important to me to point out the illogic of that line of reasoning instead of seeing this forum go back to long, pointless, unresolved debates about definitions.It was my goal too see how foolish some members of this forum are. It was clear there was not going to be an intelligent debate on the actual matters. For this reason there was no need for you to try and "right the ship" because the point wasn't what you thought.
Well, I am not surprised you think science is a cult. I guess you think everything you don't understand is a cult. emoticon_rolleyesI never said science was a cult...yet another thing you can't show. I said your religion is a cult.  That's why you trash science and defend religion.Trash science by calling scientists "XXXXXX"? Oh wait, that's you. And once again, you brought up religion in this thread...not me.
Regardless of what creationist lie-sites have told you, brain waves is the electrochemical pattern of interaction between the brain's cortex, brain-stem etc. As the connection that makes this possible doesn't happen until the end of the 26th week of pregnancy, this is also the time when the first actual brain waves occur. Now, 26th week is NOT early in the pregnancy.Like normal, science disagrees with you:  The brain is developing rather early and brain waves are detectable between 6-8wks  http://pregnancychildbirth.suite101.com/article.cfm/pregnancy_week_8  Be sure provide sources with your post to back up your "26th week" argument.  Edit to add another reference: http://www.pregnancy.org/article.php?sid=1488  Day 40: Brain waves can be detected and recorded. 
Nope, that's not science. Look up "thalamocortical tract" Good heavens do we have to teach you EVERYTHING? So you have no source. I thought this would be the case.  Brainwaves are coordinated electrical impulses, not random ones. AT 40 d, the fetal "brainwaves" are similar to those you get from a plant. Go learn what brainwaves are, why don't you. Sheehs!!!Why don't you make a real argument by providing sources and actual data. I provided two and you have nothing like normal.
Sweetums... what in your deranged imaginings do you possibly think my "religion" is? YOU are the one with a religion. I'm an atheist -- and that isn't a religion. You do not have an organized religion, this I admit, but you have a religion none the less which is mainly based on hatred towards religion and using the word "science" as a smoke screen (not actual science) for it.   And no... I've never called scientists XXXXXX. Neither have I trashed science -- Indeed, you merely implied it with terms like "local yokel" and dismissive of scientists that disagree with your religion.  that's your forte, because you pay it absolutely no heed at all. I've criticised the opinion of the idiot you quoted,Wait I take it back because you just called him an idiot here.    He's obviously up the creek without a paddle, and you haven't the nous to realise it.Funny, you haven't shown anything he said to be false or even misleading. You merely discredited him with no evidence of your own. In fact, you still haven't provided any evidence to anything you have ever said in this thread to me.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/4045332?dopt=Abstract http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11653234?dopt=Abstract http://brainmind.com/FetalBrainDevelopment.html You provided two regular sites and lied, claiming they were scientific. SO no, you provided nothing.I have looked at these sources and found nothing to refute the claim that brain waves start around 6-8wks.   My sources were accurate and provide science data...your sources provide science data but don't refute anything I said.
you have yet to prove your claim. Tell me, what are "brain waves"?  My sources were accurate and provide science data...Nope. It proves no cortical/thalamical/brainstem interaction until the 26th week of pregnancy, and therefore not even the possibility of brain waves.Brain waves are electrical activity from the brain. Every source I have seen says brain waves start at 6 weeks. This is not refuted by anything you linked to. Please provide specific data to show that brain waves do not start at 6wks but the 26th week.
It's true I have contempt for some kinds of religion, particularly monotheistic ones. I've seen how much mental and physical damage they can do to people, believers or not. Sometimes especially non-believers. But as you cannot identify what religion your bizarre imagination seems to associate me with, I'd suggest it's plain stupid to call a non-existent religion a cult. Religion doesn't require organization. In any event, it doesn't exactly matter what I think of you.  Since i have no religion, there are no scientists who disagree with it. The local yokel wasn't disagreeing with me, he was clearly contriving a pseudo-scientific definition for the sake of his religious beliefs. You anti-abortion activists ought to give science envy a rest.Of course this is a fallacy because you obviously have no idea what the article was about, you have no idea his religion, and you have no evidence he is wrong. It is just always the case that when some scientist disagrees with you they happen to be an idiot with crazy religious beliefs.   Sorry, dear, but I was just pointing out the yokel in question wasn't, in fact, making any kind of scientific argument. He wasn't proposing or testing any hypothesis. He was simply making assertions of opinion you happen to agree with because they fit in with your religion.He was acting on behalf of being a professional. If I give my opinion on fair-value accounting and I define the word "accounting" in there then I can do so because of my stance in the field. Not so much on these forums but in a peer-reviewed journal it works well.   It could be you simply misread what he said.I actually read the entire article because I have access to that kinda stuff. You on the other hand have made a large number of assumptions based on nothing. I'd trust someone who read an article over someone who is guessing any day.
Sorry, but he's still just spouting a personal opinion. There is nothing scientifically verifiable or testable about it, because it's purely a definitional assertion. In effect, he says a human being is whatever he says it is. So bloody what? We are not obliged to accept his idiosyncratic definitions, or yours. You have no scientific case to make here.And we don't have to accept yours yet you are the one saying I can't use human being as I do.
No, I'm not saying you can't use any words or phrases any way you want to. Just don't expect everyone else to accept your personal definition as one that works for them.Which begs the question why one member on this thread decided to say I couldn't. I'd go on to say you can't define words any way you want. Changing the definition of human being doesn't make something right or ok.   I won't respect your definition for some third party female who wants or needs an abortion -- she's the one who decides it's a human being or not, not you or me.Why does she get to decide? Can my mother decide if I am a human being right now?  Electrical activity in nervous systems isn't indicative of consciousness -- even a cockroach can generate the brain waves akin to a human foetus, but I don't see you arguing the right to life of cockroaches.The argument was only about brain waves. I wasn't arguing that brain waves make someone deserving of rights. Brain waves begin at 6 weeks and I haven't seen anything to argue otherwise.   This is the problem with debating you, you make a strawman argument out of everything. If I make an rebuttal to Another Opinion who said something like "brain activity is what makes you a person" with my response being "well what does this mean because brain activity starts from 6 wks and develops until well after birth" then I made no argument about brain activity being part of human rights or personhood or anything. You then have another poster come along and say brain waves don't start until 26wks and I say "no it is 6wks" which it is. You then pick it up and assume my argument is that at 6wks you have brain waves which makes you deserving of rights which is an argument I never made. You have created a strawman with the cockroach comparison. A classic fallacy when you aren't paying attention to detail.
What I meant by that question was for you to point out some examples of more everyday situations in the US that people have labelled human rights abuses.I don't think that was what I was referring to (just human rights..not human rights abuses). But we talk about human rights abuses on these forums as well.  Since you don't seem to think that rights are based on reasons but are based on proclamations, then I am not surprised.Morality is based on proclamations because reason is not a basis but a method. Reason can only take you from A to B but can't actually be A.  I don't get what you mean by that. Can you elaborate?It is simple: Prove reason. You can't do it without first violating reason (begging the question). Because of this you proclaim reason to be reasonable and true. This is just one example of a very proclamations one must make before coming up with a morality. Like in my example above..the very fundamental level of morality would be A. You can prove A but you have to get from A to B so you assume A and assume reason to get to B. From there on out you are ok with using reason.  There were certainly enough people around at the time arguing for the rights of blacks and certainly enough capable blacks (Frederick Douglas, etc.), that the Southern Slaveholders already had some evidence before them of the illogic of their opinions. They ignored the opposing evidence and stuck to their views because they "knew" they were right. By the 19th century, analytic reasoning and critical thinking were common enough that the lack of its use by Southern plantation owners was purposeful.And you can't say it is any different now with the issue of abortion. I guess you could claim I can't prove it to be the same either but I don't claim proof but merely opinion that I see strong parallels in arguments from the slave time to the current issue of abortion.  I can just as easily hypothetically claim that you are wrong in saying that unfertilized eggs are not deserving of human rights.Indeed you can. This is why I use the argument as a means to advance other arguments and not use it alone. For example if I say X is a human being and then use arguments about how mistreatment of human beings in the past has proven to be wrong then the argument works better.  When human rights have been violated, then the common theme has been suffering and, very often, illogic in the assumptions made about the people that were made to suffer.Doesn't have to be physically suffering. It is the fact that a human right has been violated that is the problem. Someone shot in the head doesn't exactly suffer but has still had a human rights violation.  What would you claim is the incorrect assumptions (about the characteristics of zygotes) that we on the pro-choice side make?I told you, that they are not deserving of human rights.  You yourself once spoke of different levels of rights - essentially legal rights vs natural rights. There are many rights - the right to vote, the right of free speech, rights which protect one from cruel treatment, rights to property, rights to sue for breech of contract, rights for a jury, ... The UN doesn't address ALL those rights. It can't. It is not a world government. It just tries to address the worst rights abuses - mainly, the extreme ones that most often happen in war or by bad regimes that are tagged "human rights".I am asking about human rights and whether or not those are different for different ages. I 100% agree that there are different kinds of rights.  You and I disagree that there is an absolute moral code. My arguement about the key importance of empathy in morality comes from simple observation about how people are brought up.Yet with no absolute you can't say this is true with absolute authority. Your denial of an absolute (which ironical creates an absolute) would have to except a different morality stance.  "How would you like it if that were done to you?" or other such sayings are extremely popular among parents teaching kids the reasons behind a rule (once they are old enough to be able to be convinced by reasons). "Do unto others" also requires a sense of empathy to place oneself in the others shoes to realize the concequences of your actions.Again those are arguing not for the existence of rights by someone but a violation of rights already thought to exist with the other. So if A and B are assumed to have the same rights you argue empathy or whatever to say if A does something to B then you violate B's rights. Now this doesn't address why A or B should have rights in the first place. Right now we have a situation where A has rights and B is said to not have rights. You need to argue why B is worthy of rights. This is a subtle difference and harder to show because it gets back to a belief in my opinion.  Judging from other posts, you do not seem to understand that any random brain waves do not mean a mental existence or sentience. This wasn't the point. You said "I would not disccriminate against level of mental development" to which I point out that mental development could be said to be beginning with the first activity of the brain..no matter how fundamental. Brain waves begin at 6 weeks so do you mean something different when talking about mental development?   You can see how other members of a forum can so easily change the frame of a debate and construe phrases to make it seem like I was saying something I was not. I made no claim of mental existence or sentience when posting about brain waves.  Late fetuses can feel pain - where it takes a rudimentary level of mind to register that pain. Early embryos can have reflex actions, but it is only later that they can register pain in the brain. Feeling pain is not a self-awareness but a reaction. I am interested on your stance regarding self-awareness as in the "I exist" idea. Oddly enough I have heard many folks argue that since self-awareness develops so much later that you should be able to terminate up to one year of age (or varying depending on who is talking to me).   Either way, my main goal was not to defend them but to try to prevent this forum from going into another set of weeks devoted to arguements about definitions. Then you need to be posting to the members who brought it up in the first place. It is unfair to press me on it and not the cause when you want an honest debate. I know you are an honest debater so I don't think anything of it but I thought you should know that it came across as biased.
Steeeve,  Are you or are you not willing to see women and their doctors being led to the execution chamber for the "crime" of abortion?I don't think execution is deserving in this crime. Perhaps a abortionist who has performed it numerous times can be held for a capital crime. Most people that commit murder or manslaughter get the death penalty.  I also will only respond to posts that are properly quoted.
Actually, you made up that definition of brain waves and posted support from non-scientific, populist sites for your new definition. You are therefore trying to claim that any cell chemistry that generates electrical impulses therefore could be considered "brain waves." That you are trying to get away from what that word really means and trying to make an argument based on that strawman, THAT is dishonest. So you should not be surprised when called on such dishonesty. After all, the anti-choice crowd has made the stupid claims about "brain waves" for years as somehow being indicative of the embryo having a functional brain. YOU chose to run with that concept rather than honestly exploring the meaning of neuro-embryology so that instead of factual reality, you could push some emotional histrionics based on a lie. In other words, you distorted facts into anti-choice rhetorics and lies. That is what typically happens when arguing with the anti-abortion fanatics. So you have no evidence to show brain waves do not start at 6 weeks?  You just started talking about "brain waves." In that light your remark is the height of hypocrisy.Not to you and not in the context of it meaning anything to me.  Nope, it is 26 weeks. before then, the thalamocortical tract does not connect the rest of the central nervous system to the brain's cortex, and therefore, until then you don't get the neuronal interactions that makes up brain waves. Your lack of understanding of neurophysiology is not the fault of anybody but yourself. But then I provided you with links that clarified this and you PERSIST in your original, false claims. THAT makes you a LIAR!!!!!You say 26 weeks but you have shown nothing to indicate this to be true. Your links only talk about brain develop but speak nothing to the point where brain waves begin. I do not question the development of the brain. Please provide evidence that brain waves do not begin at 6 weeks.  So you feel you should be allowed your original, old and tired anti-choice strawman, but when others then challenge you, focused on the typical outcome of the anti-choicers claims, then you call it a strawman. Are you hypocritical, dishonest or both here?How is it a strawman? Do you even know what a strawman argument is?
Well, then don't do it. I think when most people think of "a human being", they don't think of a foetus. They think of another post-natal person. And I disagree.   It's her body the foetus is physically attached to and feeds from. That's why SHE gets to decide, and NOT you or me.No, if I am attached to someone right now at the fault of that person and removing me would kill me then that person has no right to do so since they put me in that position to begin with.  Well, "brain wave" isn't really a well-defined scientific concept.Why is everything not a "well-defined scientific concept" when I present evidence that you or Dane disagree with from reputable sources? All of a sudden it isn't set in stone fact like when one of you provides a source (which is seemingly never) but rather only one opinion that means nothing. It is like you change the rules of the game to fit you.  All it means is any kind of periodic, neuronal electrical activity, and there are many different kinds of brain waves. Foetuses do not, so far as I know, generate electrical activity similar to neonates till fairly late in pregnancy.And a fairly late pregnancy doesn't produce the activity as a teenager since the brain is still developing (fairly significantly if I recall correctly) after birth. Keep in my I do not claim any high ground from brain activity as I don't believe this matters that much. I merely point out for the sake of Another Opinion that brain activity begins at 6 weeks. Whether it is organized brain activity or just your basic brain wave makes no difference to me when questioning another poster about a position.   So you are right, and they are right, and all is right as right can be. And I agree with you that mere presence of electrical activity does not mean the generator of such activity deserves full human rights. I don't deny the development of the brain. I only ask Another Opinion what part of brain development he/she believes to be of value and it obviously begins around the 4-8wk period and goes through different stages of development until well after birth. It isn't unreasonable to ask another poster this question.
I am just wondering what types of rights you place under the general category of "human rights". The way I have heard the term "human rights" used in the news stories I have heard throughout my life has been to refer to basic rights from cruel treatment. Perhaps I was jumping to assumptions, but you seemed to imply that more everyday rights could be referred to as "human rights", which is why I was and am looking for SPECIFIC examples. Those rights not dependent on anything are human rights. There probably aren't many but the main one is you have a right to be alive as a human.  But A doesn't need to be a proclamation, it can be an observation.Observation uses a reasoning. If you make an observation you are answering questions and deciding things with that. You could claim an observation to be an 'A' (but not the first A) but you still proclaim reasoning to be true in order to make a decision about that observation. It would be like taking a picture and not looking at it (the observation) and then looking at it to make a decision (the reasoning). The picture alone with no reasoning does you no good.   Where morality is concerned, 'A" can be an observation of human nature and how it reacts to various stimuli. For example, humans suffer when pain is inflicted on them. If groups are targeted for a particular characteristic, then most of those of the group will live their lives in fear. There are probably thousands of such larger-scale or smaller observations one can make, and one can use reason to analyze those observations. Furthermore, history has shown the consequences of various moral systems, so many systems have already been tried out. It is not an exact science, but a combination of observation of human nature combined with reason can get one far.Observation is merely a tool and not a beginning point.  On the opposite spectrum, proclamations, if they are not supported by reason, run the risk of being either unjust in most people's view, or ineffectual, or illogical... I am not against proclamations in general, just against proclamations that are not allowed the judgment of reason and comparison to reality.They beg the question though. You can't prove reasoning by reasoning. Reasoning is a proclamation by itself.   What do you mean by "prove reason"? Reason is logic. One either has an illogical arguement or a logical arguement or a mixture of the two. Yes, reason has to start at some point and go from there but, as I said, reason can start from observation.No it can't start from observation because you already have to have the ability to reason to make that observation mean anything. You can't prove reasoning to be true and therefore it is a proclamation.  But you haven't outlined the details of that parallel, which makes your argument very flimsy indeed.I never was asked too and we haven't had a forum topic on it in a long time.  That is just playing with definitions. I can say randomly that unfertilized eggs are human beings since they are human and have the potential (as do zygotes) to grow into full humans.You play with definitions here. I assume in my example that human being is what it is. I didn't mention anything about what I was referring to other than human being. "X" in my example could be you and I if you want. I don't feel the need to argue the definition of every word in every argument.  Well, there is the moment of pain of getting shot in the head, but a large part of the problem is the fear that is caused by random members of a particular group getting shot. People want to live and a threat of death causes suffering.Not to the dead person. Now you get into the idea of society suffering and if that matters. Well, if society is "suffering" because they don't like the thought of abortion then is this reason to consider it wrong?  You think human rights kick in at fertilization. I think human rights kick in at the start of mental existence. We simply chose different points at which to start human rights. My choice is based on the concept of "I think, therefore I am" - i.e. that it is not bodies alone that I value but people = bodies + mind (of any level). So human rights are equal among all ages from the point you think they get them until the end? That is my question.  The brain controls both physical and mental processes. Just because a brain exists does not mean that mentality exists. The brain has to be developed enough to have some mental function - not just physical function. Until we have mental function, we do not mentally exist. It is those aspects of our existence which many religions attribute to a soul. Science has shown that much of that function, probably all of it (though I hope not), resides in the sufficiently developed brain.I don't question your position I only question the statement you made and how it can be taken to mean something different. Mental development might be a bad choice of words.  Then why did you bring up brain waves? Was it simply a non-sequitor?Because of what you said. You said you do not discriminate with regards to mental development. I brought up brain waves asking if that is a stage of mental development (which it could be said to be). You clarified that is not what you meant in the above paragraph (quote).   Many animals do not recognize themselves as separate entities in terms of having any concept of "I". So, they are not self aware. Nonetheless, they can have emotions, can have some rudimentary level of reasoning, can feel and register pain, etc. - i.e. they have some level of mind. Once again, a mind doesn't need to recognize its own existence to exist. So it isn't really self-awareness that matters. Am I understanding this correctly?  Well, it takes two to tango. I would urge all of you (both you and your pro-choice opponents) to just agree to disagree when it comes to the definitions. No, it takes one person to start such a stupid argument and it takes two to continue it. I chose to continue it because I can get an idea of certain posters are thinking (or not thinking as the case may be).  My assumptions, which you have not yet refuted, is that your goal was to try to force that definition of human being and then use it to claim that human rights should apply to fetuses.No, I refute this. It started when I spoke using the word "baby" to describe a human fetus. "But you are ok with a woman deciding what is right for someone else's own body...specifically the babies?[sic]"  I wasn't forcing any term on anyone...merely using a term as one can. Dane would be the first to disapprove of this usage. ""Babies" are a stage reached after birth."
This post is inform Dane that I have posted a request to prove your accusation of me "lying".   This link to this thread is here: http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=10967  In accordance with the admin, you have to either respond to it or risk a warning or ban.
Are you done spamming and threatening me with admin? That's just lame and pathetic.  That is the proper means to inform a poster as indicated by the admin.
Nope. It's not a woman's "fault" an embryo has grown. It is the fault of the woman and man in 99% of the cases of abortion. The embryo doesn't decide to latch on to a random woman because, as you have pointed out before, an embryo is not conscious. And embryo can only be formed by the actions of two (in most cases).   Sorry, but neither "human being" nor "brain waves" mean what you want them to mean.I don't care what brain waves mean to you, I care what it means as defined. I have two sources claiming brain waves being at 6 weeks and I have seen nothing to refute this and you certainly haven't.   Yes, neuronal electrical activity exists at about six weeks. You can't really call it a brain with all the functions of a brain, though. It's a developing brain, non-sentient at that stage. It can't even know it exists.Ok, so you admit brain waves measured by an EEG exist at 6 weeks. That is all I was ever claiming...I never put any significance on that.   It is true that brains develop gradually over several years. The important question to me is when sentience develops. I can't pinpoint that, but it seems ludicrous to assert it starts at "6 weeks" without an iota of evidence for it, and plenty of reason to think otherwise. Science just doesn't agree with you.Of course I never claimed sentience begins at 6 weeks so why don't you quit the strawman arguments.
If you truly believe there is no significance to six-week "brain-waves", then that begs the question as to your motive in introducing them to the debate.Indeed it does, so perhaps you should have read where it came from.   Now I have already been over this but for your benefit I'll tell you again.  Another Opinion was talking about mental development and how he doesn't discriminate against any stage of mental development. I responded by saying mental development might mean the beginning of brain waves to some people and that begins at 6 weeks. I went to ask if he meant something different. Dane then objected to my 6 weeks point and the debate began.
Another Opinion, we can continue our discussion in the "Challenger's Corner" if you like. The admin has been gracious enough to create this forum that allows 1 on 1 debate.
I would be happy to. You could start off first - it being your turn anyway. It might make sense to link to our posts here, so readers can understand the context and background.  I will starting on Monday. I'm taking a trip to DC in about an hour :) Also, I might invite Electrolyte if he/she wants because it was a topic similar to the one we were having.
This is my first post here and I think I've read the majority of the previous posts. I have one simple question to ask. The blastocyst is formed after 5 days. It has all of the cells necessary to develop into a full grown human adult. So I guess we could call it an underdeveloped human life because it is human and not animal or plant or alien. A 7 year old child is also underdeveloped and has all the cells necessary to form into a full grown human adult. So if it is right to terminate a pregnancy or an unborn human life. Why is it not right to terminate a 7 year old childs life for the same reasons?
Many of us here believe that a human life form isn't a person until it has some mental existence (at least that is the term I use, but others use very similar terms and criteria). In other words, we need there to be "somebody home" in the body, not just a developing body itself. That is the same reason why we don't place much value in the bodies that are left over after someone has suffered so much brain damage that they are no longer mentally existing. Once a person is brain dead - at least in that part of the brain that governs mental function - then the body is just an empty shell. It is equivalent to the religious view of a soul entering or leaving the body.   Where embryos and fetuses are concerned, early term embryos and fetuses are just such empty shell whose worth lies ONLY in what they will become in the future - just a step farther from the same worth that an unfertilized egg has in potentially becoming a person in the future. It is only once the fetus gains that mental existence that many of us start claiming rights for the fetus. Based on our understanding of brain development, this cannot happen before roughly the beginning of the third trimester of pregnancy.   Even the majority of pro-choice supporters would limit abortion rights in the third trimester - a trend which reflects this and similar reasoning.  First I'd like to thank you for your response. It was very polite and you got your point across.  So because the brain isn't fully developed it's ok to end a human life? That reasoning is along the same lines of why slavery was constitutionally ok. Because in the opinion of the oppressors the black man was only considered to be 3/5 human. As for the comparison to someone with brain damage, that is something that cannot be recovered from. A fetus is developing and therefore will become a fully functional human at some point. That is like comparing a totaled vehicle with one being manufactured. The fact that the brain is not fully developed does not make it less human. It's just an attempt to justify terminating a pregnancy. As for religous views of the soul entering the body for the first time, that is a whole different debate but I understand the point you were making. The problem is that as a society it is ok to end an unborn human life based on the opinion that the life is worth less than that of our own. As for the unfertilized egg, it does not have all the cells necessary to develop into a fully functional human life. It is not a human life until it is fertilized. Some may call that an opinion but according to biology it is a fact.
AO provided a much more reasoned answer.   I have some simple questions to ask as well.   I would ask you if you cannot see the considerable difference between a blastocyst and a 7 year old child. I feel the difference is staggeringly great. Do you see no difference at all? If you note any difference, it is worth exploring, and trying to understand why we might treat the two entities differently?  A blastocyst may be able to provide stem cells that could lead to the cure of diabetes in that seven year old. Do you truly see a moral equivalence between the two?  Thanks for the response.  I'll agree that AO provided a much more reasoned answer. I don't feel it is right to judge life based on what it looks like. Sure the blastocyst looks like a blob and a little kid looks like a precious bundle of joy (sometimes). But the fact that they look different doesn't mean that it is ok to destroy the uglier of the two. Also, it is never morally right to destroy one human life to save another. It is really hard for this society to not judge by appearences. Don't forget that many woman decide to terminate their pregnancies at 7 weeks and up. Have you seen images of a 7 week aborted fetus? You can see fingers and toes.
 It is emotional and sensational and not a reasoned argument. I'd like to interject here if you don't mind. Another Opinion often argues that emotional arguments for sympathy are the way you gain rights for another. Do you disagree with Another Opinion on this?
I got a lot more response than I had expected since that last post. I'm not going to quote everything and answer everything because it would take hours. As for when I stated the so called fact. That may be opinion, I was under the impression that when all the cells necessary to form a being were there that according to biology that is when life begins. This may have been anothers opinion. So according to biology I may not know when life actually begins. So call it opionion, it doesn't really change my view either way. As far as the blastocyst goes, it does have all the cells necessary to form into a completely functional adult human, that is why I see it as a human being. The sperm by itself and the egg by itself are not complete. A lump of ore does not make a car. That was just me trying to make a point. I love that we have free choice in the country and I don't want to take away freedom. I just have difficulty understanding why it is ok for a woman to choose to destroy another life. The fact that it is in her body and dependent on her is not enough to convince me that it should be ok.   Thelmoose - to answer your question... In my opinion the only difference between the blastocyst and a 7 year old child is appearence and function. I really wish I could see the blastocyst as nothing more than a mass of cells. That would be easy.   So for you pro-choicers... Does late term abortion seem to be ok with you? What about partial birth. I'm talking after they can feel pain and they have functioning brains? Or does the womans choice outweigh the life of the innocent in this as well?
That difference, I contend, is considerable.  Calling a blastocyst a mass of cells is completely accurate. It is not more or less "easy" that anything else. You seem to imply that statement is making a value judgement. Maybe there is a collective noun that you would prefer, a gaggle of cells, maybe?     Generally speaking, I would oppose abortion as fetal viability becomes more likely. It is a rare (I would submit unheard of) circumstance that abortions are performed on fetuses that "can feel pain and they have functioning brains". If the life of the mother necessitated ending the pregnancy at this stage, they would attempt delivery, not abortion.   You need to learn something about partial birth abortion. It is a term made up by politicians and has no clinical meaning. It is unrelated to gestational stage.   All your questions are so loaded and leading. You use all the catch phrases you have been ladled and lapped up. A pregnant woman is innocent. Is that whom you are referring to?   A mass of cells, a gaggle of cells, a blob of cells? Whatever one calls it does not matter. It is all the cells necessary to form into a complete adult human life. That gaggle of cells even has a heartbeat in 21 days. At 6 weeks it is unknown yet very possible that the fetus can feel pain.   You say I'm using catch phrases? I'm sure all the stuff I'm saying has been said before time and time again. Likewise, the same would apply for what you are saying. "Partial Birth" abortion does have meaning. It may be called something else inside the clinics. Fortunately it is rare, but when it does happen it is very late in the pregnancy, usually in the 3rd trimester. Is there another term for pulling a baby out of the womb the majority of the way and destroying it?  And as for the innocent life... I was referring to the unborn child.
That difference, I contend, is considerable.  A pregnant woman is innocent. Is that whom you are referring to?  No, I am referring to the unborn child. It is the mother that has the choice whether or not to destroy her unborn child. Her life is not at stake (in the vast majority of cases)
How do you define "late term"? Some anti-choicers and the medical literature defines this as after 12th week, while many anti-choicers define it as 3rd trimester or even as at birth.   I was referring to late 2nd and 3rd trimester. But now that I think about it, a 21 week fetus has a 15% chance of survival outside the womb. So lets make my view of a late term after 21 weeks.   There is no such thing. I presume you are talking about the D&X procedure which is done from week 13-24?  Certainly, what the anti-choice crowd calls partial birth abortion occurs BEFORE sentience and ability to feel anything, so your question doesn't make sense. So again, I feel you need to define your terms before we can answer here. Are you talking about abortions after the 27th-32nd week? Because these for sure are very rare and likely are for medical necessities. As such, denying women these abortions will directly put their lives at risk. If that are the abortions you are talking about, then I would find anybody objecting to them to be despicable. Another loaded word of emotional hyperbole. How do you define "innocent"?  On the matter of partial birth, I responded just a few minutes ago to thelmoose about that. I'll say again that it is unknown whether or not a child can feel pain at 6 weeks. As for the extremely rare case where a womans life is at risk because of the baby and she has to choose between herself or the child which could result in possible death for both. Who am I to say what decision she should make. That is a horrible thing for someone to have to choose. I do know, however, that my wife almost died during pregnancy and right after pregnancy because of the baby and she would have never chose herself.   As for the innocent thing... a kid an adult a fetus an old person about to die, whatever... how about just another life, innocent or not. I think most people would agree that a newborn child is pretty innocent. So in my "opinion" that would apply to the fetus as well.
No, I am referring to the unborn child. It is the mother that has the choice whether or not to destroy her unborn child. Her life is not at stake (in the vast majority of cases)  Just wait for a debate about the death penalty and see how these same advocates for abortion who describe the unborn as if they are nothing more than masses of dead flesh, scream so passionately against the perceived sin of executing mass murderers, child killers and rapists. It just clarifies how warped their sense of justice is, and also their distorted World view.
If it had all the cells, then there would be no more growth.    I'm gonna have to say you are incorrect on this one Dane. At fertilization you get 23 chromosones from mom and 23 chromosones from dad. That is all the tiny zygote (blastocyst) needs for growth and development for the rest of it's life.   It has a pulsating heart tube. To claim that as a heartbeat is grossly exaggerated. More emotional histrionics. And the question begged, of course, is what that matters. Some muscle cells with an automatic pulsation rhythm are pulsating. So what?   It is a heart beat and blood is being pumped throughout the entire body. At this stage the brain is also developed into 3 sections.    Not unknown, science actually explored this. And no, there is absolutely NO pain sensation at 6 weeks. You have to add another 20-26 weeks before there is any sensation. So that claim is nonsense. This is where you need to actually educate yourself from scientific sources rather than getting your info from pro-choice lie-sites.   As far as my research goes this is unknown. At 6 weeks the fetus responds to prodding or stimulus. If you have a "scientific" source otherwise then please share it with us.   Nope. "Birth" is a specific term referring to the 3 stages of labor.    Oh, ok so that's why "Partial Birth" has no clinical meaning. Well whether or not my term was correct, the procedure is still the same. My 1st child did not make it full term, he was a little premature. I guess he wasn't born. I'm gonna have to say "Big deal" on this. So the anti-choicers have different words than the anti-lifers.   No such occurrence happens during an abortion, so your CATCH PHRASE, your expression of emotional histrionics is indeed meaningless your denial none withstanding.   You keep referring to emotional histrionics. I'm not trying to trigger emotion for effects here. I'm debating to get a full understanding of why you feel it is ok to terminate a human life and why that life is somehow less valuable then your own.   That sounds like pure nonsense. More emotional histrionics. "Baby" is a term referring to a developmental stage beginning AFTER birth (you know, after the 3 stages of labor).    Ok, instead of Baby, I'll refer to it as a very young human life. Why does it bother you that I call it a baby? How about child, will that work:) I can stick to fetus if it really bothers you.   As such, claiming that the fetus is a "baby" certainly IS a catch-phrase, is emotional histrionics and revisionist linguistic hyperbole.   I'm sorry that you're bothered that I see a newborn, a 7 year old, a young adult and an elderly person on the same level as an embryo and a fetus.   (1) How is it innocent? (2) "unborn child" sounds like more emotional histrionics. Sounds like the equivalent of calling you an undead corpse. Do you really think that is a normal and descriptive term, or does it sound stupid and contrived, just like "unborn baby" does?  I feel it is an innocent unborn child. Obviously you don't feel the same way. You see, I feel the newborn child and the fetus are equal. So when I say "unborn child" why does that bother you. Now you may not be using emotional histrionics but you are definitely emotionally bothered by my terms to be making such a big deal out of them instead of sticking to the point of the debate. I'm going to use terms you don't like and you will do the same. Like say "anti-choicer". I love freedom, but I love life also. The "not-gonna-be-born Child" has no choice or say. If the mother chooses, death is iminent.
Does this mean that I can use the terms "fetus" and "baby" interchangeably? Like can I say, "I need to find a fetus sitter so I can go out to the movies with my friends."  When I go car seat shopping, can I ask for "a seat to put my fetus in?"  Or when I'm in a child's clothing store, can I ask for fetus clothes?  Have you ever heard a car being called "my baby" or have any understanding that the English language can have one word with multiply uses? If the answer is yes then you will certainly know the answer to your question. If the answer is no then please PM me and I'll help you out.
Use of a clinical term is always preferable, as there is less opportunity for either side to confuse the issue with inaccurate emotive generalisations, which inevitably leads to semantic tapdancing as with Steeeeeeeve's pointoid.Everyone here has a different preference for how terms should be used. The term baby as I used it was appropriate and it obviously didn't confuse anyone. I am not the one that brought up the semantic debate to begin with.
The difference between a blastocyst and a 7yo child is still considerable. You have not addressed this yet. Potential is not the same as current reality.  And the difference between a new born and a grown adult is fairly considerable too. I'm not convinced that stage of development has anything to do with rights.  There is no heart to beat at 21 days. No 6wk old fetus can feel pain. That is stupid. You need a brain to have sensation. You need a thalamus to perceive pain. We don't get one those puppies until 28 or so weeks. Get your facts straight.The first heartbeat is around 5wks so I guess 21 days is a little early. And there is no data to assume feeling of pain at 6wks.  You are simply incorrect about partial birth abortion. You have gulped down the propaganda. IDX is a procedure, that to the dispassionate observer is no more or less icky than any other abortion procedure. Nothing gets "partially born." Using these sensational terms adds nothing to the discussion. Please stop.The procedure does call for a partial removal outside the uterus. Is this what preciouslife was referring to? If not then that is indeed wrong.
Ah, but you said cells, not chromosomes. I sure hope you know the difference. And if you go for chromosomes or germ-cells as defining of human life, then you also have to insist that a hydatidiform mole is human life and should be protected. Are you REALLY willing to do so, or do you think it is time to discard your contrived and artificial distinction here?   Stem cells from a tiny mole can not be used to create human parts because it is not human. The blastocyst has all the stemcells necessary to create all of the functional human parts. If you have issues with this then go to: "I can't post liinks because my post count isn't high enough yet" I'll say it again and again, a blastocyst has all the cells necessary to develop into a fully functional adult human life.   It has a heart tube beat. there is no heart yet. Again, your attempt at misrepresentation is bothersome and evidencing that you are either dishonest or didn't bother educating yourself beyond the emotional imagery. Either way, when you make misrepresentations and mistakes like that, THAT becomes the issue of the posts, instead of the subject you originally raised. If you want to discuss the issues, I recommend you know enough to make intelligent and accurate posts about it instead of inaccuracies we then get bogged down talking about.   After 21 days there is a heart beat at about 75-80 beats per minute. It pumps blood throughout the entire body. That's what the heart does, it pumps blood.   Fascinating. How do you define "brain," and do you have any idea what the meaning of what you just said actually is? Your sloppy research is not my problem. Again, go actually educate yourself so at least there is no debate about what the facts are. because otherwise, your incorrect "research" becomes the subject instead.    Saying my research is incorrect and assuming I do not understand what I am talking about takes away from the heart of the debate. At 3 weeks the brain divides into 3 sections (forebrain, midbrain, hindbrain). I can go into more details if you like. Do you want me to go into more details?    But hey, if you want to detract from a discussion about abortion by making it into a discussion about pro-life inaccuracies, exaggerations, misrepresentations and expressed falsehoods, go right on ahead continuing your emotional histrionics. At 6 weeks, it is an embryo, not a fetus. We are talking REALLY BASIC stuff here, so could you please educate yourself a bit more about this issue.   Funny, you talk about detracting from a discussion about abortion and you've been doing this the entire time by attacking every little word I write:)   Yes, it is emotional histrionics by pro-life lie-sites in order to push emotional imagery to make you forget that they have no actual facts and are lying. I am %$#@$#@%$ sick of pro-life liars and I am saddened that you bought right into it.   I have been pro-life since long before the websites existed. You sound like you are getting angry. I am not using emotional histrionics. And what does pro-life websites and imagery have to do with our current debate? Am I pusing images on you?   That would be "not." Correct terminology does matter. certainly. Now, if you want to discuss the procedure rather than pro-life lies, that's fine with me. But at least show enough respect for us to educate yourself about it and actually know what you are talking about. It is pointless to discuss pro-life strawman arguments.   Dane, this is getting rediculous. You keep attacking my words and my research and my education but you are having difficulties with simple words. You get angry when I call a fetus an unborn child! Look in the dictionary!  Go to Merriam Websters online dictionary and look at the 1st definition of child. The unborn have always been properly referred to as children.    Why? I hope you are not deliberately misrepresenting how I defined labor, right? After all, if the 3 stages of labor occurred, then birth occurred. It has nothing to do with timing but rather about process. So why that silly remark. That was just MORE emotional histrionics. Please try to go with factual stuff instead, please.   Oh, wait... my wife had a scheduled cesarean where there was no labor! My children were never born. They're nothing more than a couple of fetuses running around!   Who is anti-lifer? And it is more than different words, it is about misrepresentation and stark dishonesty. It is very hard to have a respectful discussion with an pro-lifer when that pro-lifer either deliberately or unwittingly posts falsehoods and lies (even if they are not your own lies).   If you call me an anti-choicer then using the same logic, YOU would be an anti-lifer.   How do you define "human life"? Is an appendix a human life? Is the hydatidiform mole a human life since it is formed by the merging of a human sperm and a human egg?   When the sperm fertilizes the egg and the blastocyst is formed all the cells are present to form a fully functional adult human. So in my opinion, the blastocyst is a developing human life, just like a born child is still developing. Are mole cells not different than human cells?   I tend to go with born, sensate, sentient persons over non-sensate, non-sentient tissue any day. I am sad that you do not. Sentience. But that even is not relevant. Nowhere else are we forcing people to give of their bodily resources against their will. Only when it comes to a non-sentient, non-sensate embryo or fetus do pro-lifers think it is OK to take such control away from the woman and enslaving her. To me it doesn't matter one bit how advanced the fetus is. All the pro-life arguments about development is utterly irrelevant and only serves as a source of discussions being derailed into the issue of pro-life dishonesty.    So you have just explained yourself. You feel that regardless of how advanced the fetus is, you feel the choice of the woman outweighs the childs right to life. That is where we will forever differ. To say one person has the right to choose over another persons life is sickening. So that brings me back to my original question for you Dane. Why is it not right to destroy a 2 month old childs life? It feeds off of mother and it feeds off of the money that dad and mom labor for. I understand your logic if you believe the part about being sentient is relevant. But you stated that it is not, so you feel the mother deserves more freedom than the unborn child. You believe it is ok to end ones life for the sake of convenience?   The ONLY thing that matters is the woman's right to control her own bodily resources rather than being enslaved as a second-class citizen. That's the ONLY argument that matters to me. It doesn't matter if the fetus is Einstein, it doesn't have the right to use the woman's bodily resources against her will any more than a lung cancer tumor has the right to use your body against your will.    So it's ok for an unborn child to be a second-class citizen? Taking away the womans right to destroy her child is not about taking away her choice. It is about giving the child the freedom and the right to life that it so deserves.   It is dishonest. "Baby" refers to a developmental stage that begins after birth. Why the dishonest need for emotional vocabulary. Is it because your argument doesn't stand on facts alone? From where I sit, that would be the ONLY reason for such insistence on inaccuracies and deception. Why? "Child" also is a stage beginning after birth. It will merely have me make remarks about your dishonesty.   I will no longer use the word baby to refer to an unborn child. But your definition of child is wrong as stated before. Look in the dictionary.   Yes, I can't stand dishonesty in debates. I can't stand misrepresentations. If you can not respect others enough to have an HONEST discussion with them, then no debate is feasible, only a fight about the level of the dishonesty in your arguments and terminology.    I don't like dishonesty either. But I've not been dishonest. I stand behind everything I've said.   So how is that working for you so far? have you had a lot of debate about abortions themselves so far? And when you are factually correct and point it out to me, I adjust to be factual as well. I expect you to show good faith and HONESTY and do the same. Do you love womens' freedom to control their own bodies instead of being enslaved to non-sensate, non-sentient tissue by theocrats? The mother? Ah, you mean the "going-to-be-dead-corpse"?  I don't debate often, I try to stick to facts. You are trying your best, or at least it would appear, to stray from the heart of the debate and pick at little things. I'm fine with woman or men or anyone have freedom to control their own bodies and anything they do so as long as it does not hurt another person. Unfortunately, abortion is a choice that harms another life. That life being an unborn child.
Let's consider two pairs of things: A group of cells compared to a child. A child compared to an adult.  Both pairs of things differ. Which differs more? A WHOLE lot more?Well what are we comparing? Size, brain, etc? There are considerable differences between as stages of development. I'm not sure either one of us are qualified to say which is more and what "more" is.  Before you compare the rights of one thing compared to another (which I was not doing, actually), let's just start comparing the thing in other concrete and amazingly obvious terms. If they are a completely different entity (blob of cells vis a vis person who plays baseball), maybe there are other things to consider before we talk about an abstraction such as that. I'm not sure what you mean?  Partial removal from the uterus cannot accurately be called "born". To do so is, well, precious.You can call it partially born just like you can call a half built building partially built.
I feel that anyone is qualified to say that comparing a 5 day old embryo, a cluster of 100 cells, to a seven year old child is like comparing apples to elephants.  Look at the two things you are comparing for goodness sake! Get real. I think the difference is obvious. That is all I am trying to say.  Of course they are different in some ways. My point is that a 1 day old baby and a 50yr old adult are also really really different. All are similar in certain ways too. For example they all are separate organisms with unique human DNA.  Well you could.  But it would be stupid because partially born has no meaning.Yes it does and by admitting you can use that term you accept it to have meaning. I'm not sure how else you could refer to a baby that is literally partially born.
Come back anytime if you want to continue the debate and thanks for your input :) emoticon_xbouncer
Final words to Dane,  Ok, so I educated myself to what a Hydatidiform Mole is. Ok, great you caught me in a goof because I thought you were referring to a Mole as in the animal. My bad... It doesn't make me a liar or dishonest no more than you saying an "unborn child is an oxymoron" makes you a liar or dishonest. Because a child is "an unborn or recently born person" according to merriam webster.   Now we have wasted (in my opinion) a lot of time going back and forth about word usage and terms. The actual debate (for me) was supposed to be about human life and my belief that the unborn is just as much human as you and me. I believe that the unborn child is a person regardless of how advanced it is. You do not. I don't see any reason to continue with you if it is going to be about words and terminology. I believe life is sacred and above anothers choice, you may believe the same thing and perhaps that is why you have to continually talk yourself into believing that the unborn is not a human life. I'll give you the final words.
plife,  I believe that the unborn child is a person regardless of how advanced it is. You do not.  Just so. In light of this, the law must remain silent and let each and every woman reach her own decision based on her values and morals, free from coercion prior or criticism after whatever choice she makes.emoticon_idea  Now YOU make a very good point. Thank you for responding with a thoughtful answer instead of criticizing my every word. I actually see things a little differently now. It goes along the same lines as freedom of expression. A pro-abort might despise pictures of aborted fetuses posted in public places, but to try to prevent such things is taking away that of free speech/expression. For the pro-abort it is about choice and the freedom thereof. For the Pro-life (like myself) it is about life and the freedom to live it. It is extremely difficult to be pro-life in this world. I just wish that pro-aborts would understand that the majority of pro-lifers don't want to take away a womans freedom so much as we want to save what we believe is a life. I don't think the majority of pro-aborts understand how difficult it is for us to see so many lives being destroyed (what we believe is a life). It makes things like 9/11 and the "war on terror" seem so minute. It's sad that several thousand of our soldiers have died and it's sad that many other innocent people have lost their lives, but as a pro-lifer, thousands of lives are destroyed daily. It may seem foolish to a pro-abort, and if that is the case then so be it.  The only way I can find peace is in my faith as a Christian. God knows what is true and just and he knows our hearts also. By the blood of Christ we can have eternal life. I believe the unborn will be saved. It is not my job to judge a person. God is the only judge. I can truly say that I hope I am wrong on my views of abortion. But, no matter, in the end we will all see things for how they are.
Oh yea... and one more thing, if I could prevent a mother from aborting a child by adopting and raising that child. I would do so for as many children as I could possibly handle. As a Christian that would be my duty. In fact, I could never turn down a child if it came to that.
plife,  It is not my job to judge a person.  Then you must needs be silent as well as to their acts regarding their bodies, their choices re. the continuation or termination of their pregnancies, and the reasons for those choices.  Thank you for agreeing to MYOB.  I understand your point on the silence. But being silent about something you find gravely and morally wrong is kind of weak. For I cannot judge a person, but I can judge between what is right and wrong. I don't intend on going around telling woman that they made a big mistake on their choice or anything like that, that would be awful and pointless. A lot of them are already having a difficult time as it is. But if I can help an undecided pregnant woman to choose life for her child then I'll help as much as possible. My whole reason to get involved in this debate was not to change anyones mind, but instead to help me understand how the other side views this topic a little better. You and AO have helped on that.
obrations is plain murder and is supported by the evoluion theory.
"A person's a person no matter how small"  Horton Hears a Who is a great movie and has a great pro-life message. Everyone should go see it and take their kids.
chloe,  A consistant pro-choice view is that a woman would be justified in killing a newborn baby, or "allowing it to starve" (to be politically incorrect) if she did not want to offer her bodily resources as nutrition and if there were no other options.    If the other choice is that she be a slave to her child, I would say that she should go for it.  Now, how many children have YOU personally adopted, or are you one of those ivory tower profetalife theoreticians? "Go for it?"  You are just like the kangaroo   Who in the movie even when she knew  That she heard a yop come from the speck and knew therefore that life was there  But she stiffened her neck and did not care  And she huffed and she puffed and she began to boil  Demanding that Whoville be thrown into the vat of burning boiling Beezlenut oil.
"A person's a person no matter how small"  Horton Hears a Who is a great movie and has a great pro-life message. Everyone should go see it and take their kids.  This post is like Dejavu for me chloe. Yesterday my Pastor said the same exact thing in church, and for the same reason.
Archie,  This post is like Dejavu for me chloe. Yesterday my Pastor said the same exact thing in church, and for the same reason.  And so he should, if so he believes.  I would like to ask your pastor how many children (s)he has adopted. Only then is (s)he qualified to speak, however.  Just don't any of you try to shove that perverted view of "life" on any of the women in my family, thank you.emoticon_angry   They are perfectly capable of deciding the future of their pregnancies for themselves without any of you butting in where you don't belong.  Interesting, this is the same type of angry rants that Capo used to post on the abortion debates before he was banned. How interesting that you should get so angry and worked up over such an innocent exchange between me and chloe.    "A person's a person no matter how small"  Horton Hears a Who is a great movie and has a great pro-life message. Everyone should go see it and take their kids.  This post is like Dejavu for me chloe. Yesterday my Pastor said the same exact thing in church, and for the same reason.
Archie,  Interesting, this is the same type of angry rants that Capo used to post on the abortion debates before he was banned.   Gee, archie, how would you know who is or is not banned - unless, of course, you had something to do with the banning.  Of course, we know for a fact that you would NEVER do that, would you?emoticon_xangel  Well, let's see; how would the members of a forum know that you were banned when it happened? Could it be that the word BANNED appeared under your name all of a sudden? Just go look up your last 2 handles and you'll see what I mean. It say's banned under both of them. Our admin is the most generous person you will ever meet to overlook your constant sneaking back under new names. And yet you refuse to change your trolling way as was evidenced by the post you wrote to me that led to this exchange. emoticon_xdonno
How about this chloe - that would be murder. That baby is alive. A fetus, no matter which way you slice it, is not a person. The argument that life begins at conception or at the quickening or when daddy blows a wad, is at its face flawed. To make this point, some eggs that are "conceived" don't attach to the lining of the uterus and are rejected from the body during menstruation. Are we to say that those are lost souls?    The kangaroo continues to huff and to puff And to try to pull the wool over others eyes with yucky fluffy stuff She does not want to believe that she heard The small yop from below: "we are here, we are here" was the word Screamed by those living in whoville who did not Want to be thrown in the burning beezlenut pot   After the following quick survey we shall see That smallest human lives are still human indeed Just read what is said by the scientific community:    As surprising as this may be to some people, there is no debate within the medical community as to when life begins. Life begins at conception. Therefore, every "succesful" abortion ends the life of a living human being.  Consider the testimony below from an assortment of leading embryology textbooks:    The Developing Human: Clinically Oriented Embryology, 6th ed. Keith L. Moore, Ph.D. & T.V.N. Persaud, Md., (Philadelphia: W.B. Saunders Company, 1998), 2-18.  "[The Zygote] results from the union of an oocyte and a sperm. A zygote is the beginning of a new human being. Human development begins at fertilization, the process during which a male gamete or sperm ... unites with a female gamete or oocyte ... to form a single cell called a zygote. This highly specialized, totipotent cell marks the beginning of each of us as a unique individual."    Essentials of Human Embryology William J. Larsen, (New York: Churchill Livingstone, 1998), 1-17.  "In this text, we begin our description of the developing human with the formation and differentiation of the male and female sex cells or gametes, which will unite at fertilization to initiate the embryonic development of a new individual. ... Fertilization takes place in the oviduct ... resulting in the formation of a zygote containing a single diploid nucleus. Embryonic development is considered to begin at this point... This moment of zygote formation may be taken as the beginning or zero time point of embryonic development."    Human Embryology & Teratology Ronan R. O'Rahilly, Fabiola Muller, (New York: Wiley-Liss, 1996), 5-55.  "Fertilization is an important landmark because, under ordinary circumstances, a new, genetically distinct human organism is thereby formed... Fertilization is the procession of events that begins when a spermatozoon makes contact with a secondary oocyte or its investments... The zygote ... is a unicellular embryo... "The ill-defined and inaccurate term pre-embryo, which includes the embryonic disc, is said either to end with the appearance of the primitive streak or ... to include neurulation. The term is not used in this book."  Adding to the consensus of contemporary textbooks, is the testimony of older medical texts as well:   * Human Embryology, 3rd ed. Bradley M. Patten, (New York: McGraw Hill, 1968), 43.  "It is the penetration of the ovum by a spermatozoan and resultant mingling of the nuclear material each brings to the union that constitues the culmination of the process of fertilization and marks the initiation of the life of a new individual."  * Biological Principles and Modern Practice of Obstetrics J.P. Greenhill and E.A. Friedman, (Philadelphia: W.B. Sanders, 1974), 17.  "The zygote thus formed represents the beginning of a new life."  * Pathology of the Fetus and the Infant, 3d ed. E.L. Potter and J.M. Craig, (Chicago: Year Book Medical Publishers, 1975), vii.  "Every time a sperm cell and ovum unite a new being is created which is alive and will continue to live unless its death is brought about by some specific condition."   In addition to the consistent testimony found in medical textbooks, there is some equally conclusive evidence that exists on the public record. In 1981, a United States Senate judiciary subcommittee received the following testimony from a collection of medical experts (Subcommittee on Separation of Powers to Senate Judiciary Committee S-158, Report, 97th Congress, 1st Session, 1981):   * Professor Micheline Matthews-Roth Harvard University Medical School  "It is incorrect to say that biological data cannot be decisive...It is scientifically correct to say that an individual human life begins at conception."  * Dr. Alfred M. Bongioanni Professor of Pediatrics and Obstetrics, University of Pennsylvania  "I have learned from my earliest medical education that human life begins at the time of conception."  * Dr. Jerome LeJeune Professor of Genetics, University of Descartes  "After fertilization has taken place a new human being has come into being. [It] is no longer a matter of taste or opinion...it is plain experimental evidence. Each individual has a very neat beginning, at conception."  * Professor Hymie Gordon Mayo Clinic  "By all the criteria of modern molecular biology, life is present from the moment of conception."  * Dr. Watson A. Bowes University of Colorado Medical School  "The beginning of a single human life is from a biological point of view a simple and straightforward matter &#8211; the beginning is conception."  The official Senate report reached this conclusion:  Physicians, biologists, and other scientists agree that conception marks the beginning of the life of a human being - a being that is alive and is a member of the human species. There is overwhelming agreement on this point in countless medical, biological, and scientific writings.  This, of course, should come as no surprise since the American Medical Association (AMA) declared as far back as 1857 (referenced in the Roe. v. Wade opinion) that "the independent and actual existence of the child before birth, as a living being&#8221; is a matter of objective science. They deplored the &#8220;popular ignorance...that the foetus is not alive till after the period of quickening.&#8221; Doctors knew it during the 1800's and doctors know it today. Human life begins at conception.
 A fetus, no matter which way you slice it, is not a person. The argument that life begins at conception or at the quickening or when daddy blows a wad, is at its face flawed.   Hi brutus, welcome to the forum. I must ask you though; you make this statement above so matter of factly as if you have hard evidence to support it. Do you? Because I am convinced that life begins at conception. And do you know what my evidence is? It is that only at the point that the egg and the sperm join that a fertilized egg STARTS TO GROW into an individual human being. And anyone with any scientific understanding at all knows and clearly understands that dead things don't GROW; much less grow into an individual that resembles the very people who's copulation produced the fertilized egg that grew into the child in question.  This is pretty convincing evidence that life begins at conception. Here is a video of Ron Paul who is also a Doctor, speaking about abortion and the rights of the unborn.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66jpPCIzza8
You must obviously spend a lot of time on this issue. And for that I applaud you. Dedication to an issue is an admirable trait. However, in this area of debate it begs me to ask some questions...  May I ask, how many children have you adopted? How many abortions have you had? Why do you care so much? And is it any of your business what a woman does with her body?  I would ask you the same questions brutus, especially, why do you care so much and what business is it of yours to promote the deaths of innocent babies? All of these questions are absolutely irrelevant and have nothing at all to do with whether or not abortion is right or wrong; They are designed to derail and confuse the issue being discussed. Or to avoid dealing with whether life begins at conception in reality, which you said is a flawed claim above. That is the issue here. Are you saying that anyone who is too old to fight in Iraq, has no right then to comment on the War there?
Tumors start to grow when you are exposed to radiation. And they grow and live independently of you, in as much as your body has no control over those cells, much like a zygote. Are they too human?    Tumors grow and live independently of its carrier? Are you kidding me? Are you actually implying that if left to grow unimpeded, as a gestation period, that cancerous tumors will attain intelligence and sentience, much like an unborn child/zygote; if will if left to grow to term? I doubt you are actually trying to say that Brutus as it wouldn't even pass the smell test for a seventh grader today.  [QUOTE]Without sounding absurd, you feel convinced that life begins at conception. I take the stance that yes, the processes of life may exist shortly after conception (in as much as they are separated from the mother). That being said, we should really not consider when life "begins".   That being said; on the contrary, because you do sound absurd in your stance. This reply is like saying hang around as I throw out all common sense and everything i know about science in order to equate an unborn child to a timor for Gods sake. And let's not even consider thr fact that because the fertilized egg grows from a specific point in time, every time, that that means it must be alive. Even though in every other aspect of life, growth means life.   My argument was bait. We can't define a per se beginning of life, and I have to be careful here not to feed into the hands of pro-lifers, life, in the form we know it today (again, being careful not to feed into creationists hands), comes from life. The argument I was posing reffered to our definition of person and as it refers to law. A fetus, according to the law, is not a person. Therefore my argument that your argument about life beginning is flawed.  I won't dignify the Ron Paul, who is also a doctor line, with a response.  Your argument was not bait at all brutus. It was the revealing of your very shallow perspective that is centered on protecting the selfish rights of the woman over the rights of her totally innocent and dependent unborn baby.   And to deny that we can define an actual beginning of life is another cop out because I just did above, with reasonable evidence to support why it is right and true. Especially since we're speaking about the beginning of intelligent life which in all cases, a healthy fertilized egg, when allowed to grow to term unimpeded will most assuredly grow into. And unlike a tumor, a fetus, when allowed to grow to term doesn't kill the woman carrying it.  As to your very lame back pedaling correction, that the definition of life only matters according to the legal definition of when it begins is wrong also? Because Roe v Wade doesn't even deal with when life begins, but only deals with the womans alleged rights. That is the crux of the argument between pro abortion and anti abortion advocates. Your side has never wanted to actually deal with when life begins; only protecting this billion dollar industry.   And what do you mean by not feeding into pro-lifers or creationists hands? after 5 posts you already know the background of the posters here? So try again, and this time try to be rational and consistent according to the other scientific realities you take for granted in all other aspects of life.
Those may be textbook statements, but they're not based on objective scientific standards. In order to specify when life begins, you need a definition for life. Our current criteria for determining life are pretty bad; the same reasoning that causes most biologists to consider viruses not living dubs me not living.  chloe, how do you define life? Are you prepared to justify this definition or list of criteria?I think that science really can't answer the question of what is a life as it is more of a moral question (not that you are saying science could answer it). One could also use an argument (and I don't use this one) that one should default to accepting all reasonable definitions of human life to be "on the safe side". A reasonable definition could be one that is held by a large amount of the population.   Now i think science can tell us what is or isn't a human based on only science criteria. From what I have read it seems you could define any fertilized human egg as a human (noun). This doesn't mean much in terms of moral debate but there has been debate in the past on whether or not someone can use the term "human" in that manner.   So to define human life I think one should consider it as a moral question as opposed to a science question. It is also a little more difficult now because you already have an answer you want to achieve. If you believe abortion is ok then you will want to formulate your "human life" definition around that. As a personal story I was actually "pro choice" before I actually considered the issues. The way I formulated a new position was taking what I already believe (don't kill innocent human life...[simplified]) and then decided what a human life is and followed that principal. In other words, I felt I didn't use result based reasoning to get a position. This is much harder to do, in my opinion, after the fact.
Yep, google HeLa cells.  I'm not. I doubt he was either.  OK, why do you insist on taking a very straight forward sentence and spinning it into something completely absurd? Nowhere did brutus even hint that he was even thinking about implying this.  So why would you imply that he was saying something so ridiculous?   Because he is taking the debate to a completely absurd place TQ. How can you possibly compare a cancerous tumor to an unborn human being and expect me to respect your analogy. I dare you to take any normal average seventh grader and ask him or her to answer the following question true or false and see what they say to the question; "An unborn baby is the same thing as a cancerous tumor that grows and kills its carrier" TRUE or FALSE! How many 13 year old children would equate the two as the least bit similar or comparable at all?  None would in my opinion, especially since they are so much closer to experiencing the newness of life. So why shouldn't I scoff at allegedly intelligent adults making such stupid and absurd analogies regarding the unborn?   So not only are you talented at building strawmen to slay, you can also read minds? A double threat...  The only strawman builder here is brutus for comparing an unborn human being to a cancerous tumor. And how incredibly sad that you are blind to that fact.  Here we see the typical tactic of using emotive language to demonize one side while sanctifying another.  When something grows it's alive? That's your reasonable evidence? Then brutus' assertion that a tumour is alive is proven by your evidence.  That argument might work if you weren't now redefining the debate. Remember tq, it was brutus who first stated that, and I quote: My argument was bait. We can't define a per se beginning of life So he denied that the beginning of life can be defined, and therefore determined. He also went on to say this: Tumors start to grow when you are exposed to radiation. And they grow and live independently of you, in as much as your body has no control over those cells, much like a zygote.  Are they too human?     Are they too human? Huh? And you wonder why I reacted at such an incredibly inaccurate statement that attempts to compare cancer to a human being? You say above that brutus was right to say that a cancerous tumor is alive, but i have clearly shown where he compares a tumor to being like a human in order to marginalize a developing human baby to that of a cancerous tumor. And you're trying to insist his point is accurate?  Not in all cases,no. But are you going to claim that no woman has ever died in child birth, or that there are not significant health risks associated with pregnancy?  Of course not. I have two daughters so I have run the complete gambit of emotions and concerns that my daughters either wouldn't be born healthy, or that my wife would experience life threatening problems in child birth. But just because complications in child birth DO happen, that in no way delegates child bearing as equivalent with a DISEASE; which is precisely what the argument that you're defending implies that you believe.  And can a more SEXIST argument for defending and justifying abortion even be conceived of? I think not.  Why do you insist on painting anyone who disagrees with you as a greedy, fraudulent demon?   I said this tq:   Your side has never wanted to actually deal with when life begins; only protecting this billion dollar industry.  Now how is this calling anyone a DEMON? And are you denying that abortion is a multi billion dollar industry now?
Erring on the side of caution is, by definition, erring. Moreover, why is that side the "safe" side? Why isn't the other side the "safe" side? If you're going to "err" on the side of human rights, isn't the side to err on the side that protects the rights of the human that's indisputably human?   So you're going with what amounts to moral relativism? I clearly stated in my post this wasn't an argument I use but one that can be made.   As for the human rights thing you refer to...that gets into a different question and I don't think is relevant in my point.   And you "could" define only a borne offspring as a human, or only a third-trimester fetus as a human, or only a month-old (one month past birth) offspring as a human. I think the whole "could" thing doesn't get us anywhere.Which is why I said science doesn't really tell us anything.  I agree that it's much harder to do it in that order, in the sense that most people have their opinion and have the desire to stick to it before they're informed enough to consider objective standards.I think you have to have a conclusion consistent with your beliefs. Many people are very inconsistent with their beliefs thus coming up with crazy ideas of when abortion is or isn't ok. This, once again, brings up the question of the correct belief and whether or not one is consistent with it. It is fairly impossible to change to beliefs but you can change an inconsistent view.   That said, I'll share an anecdote of my own: For many years I've been contemplating just what life is from a scientific standpoint. I've checked many a biology textbook for a definition or list of criteria to distinguish life from non-life. Every definition proper I've ever found is extremely lacking. (Example: a book might define [living] organism as "any individual living creature, either unicellular or multicellular" but then it defines cell as "the smallest unit of life," so we get nowhere.) Most books use a list of criteria that include metabolism, ability to reproduce, self-preservation, genetics, and usually a couple others. These generally do a decent job of distinguishing "life" from "non-life" if we use our preconceived notions of what is living and what is not as a standard for comparison. (But this begs the question: if we're using preconceived notions as the standard, why do we need the definition?) My conclusion is this: A zygote fails to meet most of these criteria. It should not be considered alive by people looking to use a scientific interpretation of the facts. I think my problem with this is that you are trying to find a science answer to a moral question. Science can define something however they want for whatever reason they want and it still is as arbitrary as any other definition. In other words, science has no authority on defining life other than to define it for simply purposes of communicating. Their definition has no moral significance to it.
My point was that I've been looking for a science answer to a science question, independent of abortion. (My greatest single effort in researching and trying to devise criteria for the purpose of a science talk about abiogenesis with no attention whatsoever paid to morals or abortion.)Oh, well science seems to define life in a few ways depending on what they are describing. For example I've seen an embryo be called a human being but in other cases, in order to fit the experiment, it was not. It really only have relevance to the science that is being done...not anything moral or relating to abortion (unless you are saying a word can be used a certain way I suppose).   Which is why I am looking for a non-arbitrary one. ;) The only way to find a non-arbitrary answer is to have a faith. At least that's my opinion :)  I... mostly agree. We should use reliable knowledge that we get from science as a source of facts to shape our moral understanding, but I don't think that science has the capability of establishing a moral system.Well science can be a tool to determine things once a moral system is set up. For example if you think everything blue is evil and call a blade of grass blue thus confirming it to be evil then science could say "no, the grass is green"...that's a horrible example but you get the point :p . Sadly, if you say "all black people are evil" then science doesn't really help on that one if you say a black person is evil. I think that was an issue during the slavery time along with inconsistent thinking.
I should think that all persons would object to the inclusion of Horton the elephant in this discussion, no matter what your opinions on the legality of abortion. I do not see anything wrong with using a book, movie, or anything else as a springboard for discussion.
Some are too juvenile for the subject matter of the discussion. I can't agree with this. Children's books are often more apt to defend reason and proclaim truth than other books.
What I was saying (rather clearly, I feel) was that using "Horton Hears a Stinking Who" as a basis for discussing abortion is idiotic. If you would like to expound on why you find that the book has something profound to say about this topic, go right ahead and expound your heart out. Have you ever read the book and/or seen the movie?
I think it important to question the use of Dr. Seuss, fantasies for children that had no political intentions, to discuss this serious adult topic. I find it very objectionable, indeed insulting, to reduce this topic to puerile references and inappropriate, nonsensical metaphors.  We are talking about unplanned pregnancies and surgical procedures and life-altering circumstances and personal decisions of paramount importance. I should think that all persons would object to the inclusion of Horton the elephant in this discussion, no matter what your opinions on the legality of abortion.  To dismiss Seuss is to discard the power of metaphor. Metaphor, particularly when inserted inoccuously stays with the individual as do the archetypes found in Seussian Literature.   While unplanned pregnancy is a grave subject it pales to totalitarianism. Witness the word of Seuss regarding dictatorship and oppression: And today the great Yertle, that Marvelous he, Is King of the Mud. That is all he can see. And the turtles, of course ... all turtles are free As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be Dr. Seuss's effectiveness in communicating strong political motifs through seemingly innocent cartoons is perhaps no clearer than in his tale of the Lorax. In this, Seuss attacks the industrialist as the Lorax "speaks for the trees": Your machinery chugs on, day and night without stop making Gluppity-Glupp. Also Schloppity-Schlopp. And what do you do with this leftover goo? I'll show you. You dirty old Once-ler man you! You're glumping the pond where the Humming-fish hummed! No more can they hum, for their gills are all gummed. You might not thrill to the lyrics of gluppity-glup, but Seuss's 35-year old environmental message has reached far more people than the most strident environmental lobby could hope to reach.   In all of literature, in all of entertainment, there are archetypes. All great stories resonate on some level with something greater than the black-and-white of the words.   Incidentally, Seuss was a POLITICAL cartoonist who published more than 200 political cartoons during WWII. He was quite the propagandist then and his effectiveness did not lower with the age of his readers.  Seuss, Like Aesop used characters and metaphor to communicate larger messages. Unless you cannot read beyond foxes and grapes, you would rather benefit for a consideration of Seuss as political theory.  Hope I didn't seriously de-rail your Roe V Wade Party.
To dismiss Seuss is to discard the power of metaphor. Metaphor, particularly when inserted inoccuously stays with the individual as do the archetypes found in Seussian Literature.   While unplanned pregnancy is a grave subject it pales to totalitarianism. Witness the word of Seuss regarding dictatorship and oppression: And today the great Yertle, that Marvelous he, Is King of the Mud. That is all he can see. And the turtles, of course ... all turtles are free As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be Dr. Seuss's effectiveness in communicating strong political motifs through seemingly innocent cartoons is perhaps no clearer than in his tale of the Lorax. In this, Seuss attacks the industrialist as the Lorax "speaks for the trees": Your machinery chugs on, day and night without stop making Gluppity-Glupp. Also Schloppity-Schlopp. And what do you do with this leftover goo? I'll show you. You dirty old Once-ler man you! You're glumping the pond where the Humming-fish hummed! No more can they hum, for their gills are all gummed. You might not thrill to the lyrics of gluppity-glup, but Seuss's 35-year old environmental message has reached far more people than the most strident environmental lobby could hope to reach.   In all of literature, in all of entertainment, there are archetypes. All great stories resonate on some level with something greater than the black-and-white of the words.   Incidentally, Seuss was a POLITICAL cartoonist who published more than 200 political cartoons during WWII. He was quite the propagandist then and his effectiveness did not lower with the age of his readers.  Seuss, Like Aesop used characters and metaphor to communicate larger messages. Unless you cannot read beyond foxes and grapes, you would rather benefit for a consideration of Seuss as political theory.  Hope I didn't seriously de-rail your Roe V Wade Party.  I agree completely with your opinion on Seuss's metaphorical style of writing and his Socially conscious influence in his writing. And you have also validated the opinion that it is very possible that "Horton Hears a Who" was a metaphor for the value of the unborn according to Seuss just as chloe implied in her statement that it has a very pro life message.  "A person's a person no matter how small"  Horton Hears a Who is a great movie and has a great pro-life message. Everyone should go see it and take their kids.
Perhaps I am mistaken, but I think there is no relevance to this topic in that story. Perhaps someone could edify me. I thought the point of the story is that although any one individual may seem powerless, there is strength if we all work together. No one is then insignificant.  Thats the funny thing about metaphor: It means many things to many people. Recall the story of the blind men and the elephant. A children's book, yet it speaks to this very subject. Each of the blind men approach the elephant from his perspective and each makes a separate conclusion. You appear to have approached the business end of the elephant.   I would remind you that strictly speaking George Orwell's Animal Farm is a children's book. So is Lord of the Flies. I believe you would be hard pressed to dismiss the Chronicles of Narnia as base flights of nonsense with no links to any larger issues.   There is metaphor in EVERYTHING. There are Archetypes EVERYWHERE.   I feel the argument is juvenile because it is based on the single "person's a person no matter how small" line, which is a saccharine attempt to refer to a fetus. It is a childish sentiment.   You need to take another look at that elephant. Indeed, you need to take a look at yourself. For you are saying that there is only one way to look at an issue. Horton himself was caged for believing in something others could not see. He was ridiculed for going against the grain.   Also, I feel your post was condescending.  Well, we all know how good you are at reading elephants by braile. I submit that yours is not the most considered opinion. In no means was the post intended to be condescending. But you approached the elephant with your preconceived notion and saw what you wanted to see. Similarly, one may find what one will in Horton.
If life begins at conception, are sperm and eggs dead?  In my opinion they are biological material but have no potential for life in their present state. Only when fertilized do they start to grow and develop into a sentient being which they will become if allowed to grow to term; which is consistently the same precise gestation period, all things being equal.  This is why referring to to the unborn as types of tumors or invasive diseases like a cancer is so inaccurate and even offensive, because one is a living invassive disease and the other is a living being.   Why would a woman with an unwanted pregnancy, who is going to get an abortion, care if some people think life begins at conception?  Many women in that position want that question answered for their own peace of mind I think; I know I would. It isn't about satisfying what others think at all. They may not want the pregnancy at that time, but many know all too well that what is growing inside them will obviously be a human being if they allow it to grow to term.  Women never say they are having an abortion because this pregnancy is likened to a disease. They abort the child because they say they aren't ready to become a Parent of a dependant child.
Archie,  Women never say they are having an abortion because this pregnancy is likened to a disease. They abort the child because they say they aren't ready to become a Parent of a dependant (sic) child.   So then you, as a dedicated ProLifer, came to the rescue of this child and said to the pregnant woman, "Don't worry, dear, I will adopt your child and provide it with the love, discipline, and money it will take to raise your child to be a productive, patriotic American."  Right??   I encourage people to take responsibility for their actions and not resort to the murder of their own innocent child in order to avoid that responsibity. The solution is heavy handed when compared to the problem. As to the aid I give to mothers of dependent childre, It is much.
Your opinion is consequence of your arbitrary definition of life. I would argue that the fetus has "no potential for 'life' in its present state," if I'm allowed to use your reasoning.  Then I must ask you to prove that assertion electrolyte. It is reasonable and rational that the unfertilized egg and the sperm, in their separate states have no potential for life. But to argue that a fetus, at ANY stage of its gestation period has "no potential for life" in its present state flies in the face of everything we know to be scientifically provable. And here's an example to drive my point home.  If a Gynecologist commits a medical error which leads to the death of the fetus of his pregnant patient, that Dr can be charged with a homicide; in addition to medical malpractice. That wouldn't happen if the fetus was neither alive or considered by the law to have no potential for life as a fetus. So some evidence to support your claim would be very much appreciated.
You argue that a spermatozoon is not alive because it has "no potential for life in its present form." I presume that you mean that a spermatozoon in that form has no potential to live on its own. I argue that a blastocyst as a blastocyst has no potential to live on its own. A 10-week old embryo has no potential to live on its own as an embryo.  Do you see the flaw in your reasoning yet?  You're arguing that the germ cells need something to happen before they'd be considered alive: joining. I argue that a zygote needs something to happen before it would be considered alive: development. The crux is what one considers should qualify as "life."  You're misunderstanding my claim. Let's take a celibate man who never releases his sperm in any way at all. That man has living and viable sperm within his body at all times but that sperm has no potential to ever become a sentient being. Now that sperm is in its natural environment; but it will never become more than the sperm that it is today.  Now let's take that sperm and inseminate a woman with it. That sperm fertilizes an egg from her and IMMEDIATELY THE TWO BECOME ONE AND THEY START TO GROW. Now that fertilized egg is still in its natural environment, It's in the womb where nature determined it would remain until it matures, and if allowed to complete its gestation period that carries with it absolute parameters, then in that 9 month period a fully developed human being will be born with all of the potential that you yourself possesses. So I don't see the flaw in my reasoning but I think your reasoning is fallacious and denies the reality of what actually grows within the womb of a woman.    Post or link to the text of the law that authorizes this, Archangel.  Here is a short video with Dr Ron Paul, candidate for President; regarding abortion and the ethics involving them. He states clearly here that as a Dr, he would be held legally responsible for the death of the fetus if it died while in his care. I assume you would agree that as a Dr, he would understand the laws pertaining to his own medical field and practice.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66jpPCIzza8
At what point does something become a "being" or a human person is the crux of the issue. In the early stages of development the fetus hasn't reached sentience. On what basis would you call it a "being", Archangel, and what do you mean by the word? Is it a religious idea, involving the belief that the fetus has a soul? If so, I'd say let the woman, her doctor, and have faith that ultimately God, if God exists, look after what hasn't been proven to exist(the soul). It's offensive for a man to tell a woman how to view her pregnancy and what to do about it based on a religious dogma she doesn't believe in.  How can you say that an unborn child in the womb has no sentience Jake? Is it not just a miniature of what we are as we type on our keyboards here? Is a one day old new born sentient? Can you converse with him, or reason with him in any way? So how do we then define sentience.   I submit that sentience isn't based on anything you are doing, but is based on our potential. Babies can't do anything at all but grow and absorb what ever their parents instill within them; but we value them as sentient beings. And since everyone of us came from the same place and have memories of being young, small and defenseless; how can you now claim that the unborn have no value when you love and appreciate your own life so much? It makes no sense at all.  A potential human is not an actual human, unless it goes back to that unproven concept of "soul" again, and the belief "soul" occurs at conception. Since two-thirds of all conceptions are spontaneously aborted naturally, by the woman's body, it's not at all obvious every conception will become a human person, if the woman doesn't consciously choose to terminate. That's the exception.  If a pregnant woman is driving in her car and gets hit by a drunk driver, and If her unborn baby is killed in that crash, that drunk driver will be charged with vehicular homicide. If she also dies; he will be charged with two counts. How can the law say that under that circumstance the baby is a person with rights, yet if the mother decides to abort that child, it loses its rights as a person if the woman decides that she doesn't want to carry to term. Where is the consistency in that? Can you explain the very real and obvious double standard in the law?
That's only if you assume that the man remains celibate. Each spermatozoon has the same "potential" whether the man is celibate or not.   What does the man remaining celibate have to do with my hypothetical about his sperm never growing into a sentient being unless it is deposited into a fertile uterus? And I'm not playing the what if game at all. I'm pointing out that if a sperm remains inside the man it will never grow into a human being; but if it fertilizes with a woman's egg, it can grow into a human being. No matter how you slice it, that happens every day.   Gestation parameters are not absolute. Nature sometimes determines that it won't remain in the womb until it matures. You're saying that these things are certainties, but you're lacing your arguments with conditionals. If there is no spontaneous abortion. If there is no deleterious genetic defect. There is no such thing as a conditional absolute, Archie.  I know there are no absolutes lyte! Do you think that I don't know about premature births, deformed children or spontaneous miscarriages? Why do you speak down to me as if I'm some XXXXX? How many child births have you been through lyte? The bottom line is that nothing you have written here has anything to do with what you're supposedly responding to. This was the point I was making, and as you can see you've ignored it completely.    Now let's take that sperm and inseminate a woman with it. That sperm fertilizes an egg from her and IMMEDIATELY THE TWO BECOME ONE AND THEY START TO GROW. Now that fertilized egg is still in its natural environment, It's in the womb where nature determined it would remain until it matures, and if allowed to complete its gestation period that carries with it absolute parameters, then in that 9 month period a fully developed human being will be born with all of the potential that you yourself possesses.  So try again and this time read my argument and actually respond to it if you can.  I know perfectly well what grows in the womb. The crux, as I tried to point out earlier, is what characteristics you choose to assign that entity. As I exposed above, you're having to jump through hoops and use conditional necessities to support your argument.  You exposed nothing above. You focused on irrelevant minutia rather than responding to any points I was actually making. Even though millions of babies a year are born every year in PRECISELY the same exact way, (and I know about artificial insemination so don't even try to correct me.) So I haven't used any conditional necessities but have pointed out reality in what and who unborn babies are. What you don't like is that I humanize them and speak of them with respectful terms such as unborn children instead of your preferred term of zygote which is meant to totally dehumanize them. That some how relieves your guilt about justifying the wholesale slaughter of them.
Ron Paul is not a doctor and he does not say he is.  Oh really, did you watch the video I posted???  Ronald Ernest "Ron" Paul (born August 20, 1935) is a Republican United States Congressman from Lake Jackson, Texas, a physician, and a 2008 U.S. presidential candidate. Originally from the Pittsburgh suburb of Green Tree, Pennsylvania, he studied at Duke University School of Medicine; after his 1961 graduation and a residency in obstetrics and gynecology, he became a U.S. Air Force flight surgeon, serving outside the Vietnam War zone. He later represented Texas districts in the U.S. House of Representatives (1976-1977, 1979-1985, and 1997-present). He entered the 1988 presidential election, running as the Libertarian nominee while remaining a registered Republican, and placed a distant third. http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0oGkm9.TORHox4BykhXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTBydHRjbmRzBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMwRjb2xvA3NrMQR2dGlkAw--/SIG=11p2ojhvu/EXP=1206230526/**http%3a//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_Paul  And the reason he is so passionate about why abortion is wrong is because he was a gynecologist.
It's shocking and disappointing to see an educated man debate as he does with half-truths and strawmen, appealing to fear. I really don't understand the gist of his argument. Is he saying we shouldn't have abortions because in extremely rare cases abortions occur late in pregnancy, when the woman's life is in danger?  Feel free to point out any half truths from him jake. I think it's shocking that people can doubt a dr. who has had such an intimate knowledge of reproduction as an ObGyn. He has treated pregnant women at every stage of inutero development and knows better than any of us the complete process of growth and development that an unborn child goes through, only to ultimately become a human being just like we are if only allowed to grow.  Every argument the pro abortionist offers is nothing more than rationalizing, justifying, making excuses and obfuscating their very real responsibility for supporting the murder of unborn, but perfectly viable babies who need no special care at all beyond what any other pregnant woman needs that wants her baby; but only needs the opportunity to grow to term. That is murder by any definition of the word, and Ron Paul learned that through first hand experience. That's why he values the unborn.  Name for me one other segment of our Society who can target a completely innocent person and legally kill them in order to avoid unwanted consequences that the killer, not the victim created for themselves? If I'm late for the most important appointment of my life and rushing through traffic, only to get caught behind a slow poke; can I justifiably kill that person in order to get them out of my way? Of course not. Name for me any situation where one person can make a mistake through no fault of anyone else, and a completely innocent person can be murdered in order for that person to ease the discomfort for what they themselves caused.
I stand corrected. I was in error. My apologies. I did watch it and I thought he was speaking rhetorically. I was wrong.  Being a gynecologist, however, does not generally increase the likelihood that one is opposed to the legalization of abortion. Essentially all physicians who perform abortions are ObGyn's.  No problem moose. I just thought it was worth correcting. And although you're right about ObGyn's, here are some stats you might find interesting.   http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9F07E6DA1339F93BA25752C0A96E958260 Today, 59 percent of all abortion doctors are at least 65 years old. That's not a typo: nearly two-thirds are beyond legal retirement age. Most doctors who perform abortions specialize in obstetrics and gynecology; according to a study done three years ago, the percentage of OB-GYN's willing to perform abortions dropped from 42 percent in 1983 to 33 percent in 1995. (Doctors going into what's called family-practice medicine were thought by some to be part of the next generation of abortion providers, but a study published in October revealed that only 15 percent of chief residents doing family practice had any experience with the simplest abortion procedure.)  OB-GYN's learn the surgeries and procedures associated with abortion during their hospital residency programs. A 1991 study showed that only 12 percent of these programs now routinely teach abortion, and, according to Philip Darney, a professor at the University of California at San Francisco's medical school, all indications are that the percentage is ''still trending down.''  One factor in this is the growth in hospital mergers.-- Many bring together institutions with no religious affiliation and Catholic hospital chains like the Sisters of the Sorrowful Mother. The Catholic Church is, of course, firmly against abortion, and typically, one immediate result of this sort of merger is the elimination of abortion training and birth-control counseling.  Few medical schools dare to even mention, much less teach, the mere facts of abortion. My wife finished medical school last year. She never heard the word ''abortion'' mentioned in a classroom. Which medical school was it that neglects to expose students to what is one of the most common surgeries among American women? Yale.
Matthew,  This is why we get a list of all those that are anti choice people, then outlaw abortion. After abortion is outlawed the names of the anti choice go into a lottery and they recieve the babies that would have been aborted.  Please! Archie has already made a point of telling us how much $$$ he donates to the cause.  Don't you think the poor man has given enough?  HARK!! What's that tune I hear playing in the background?  Why I do believe it's the Beatles singing Can't Buy Me Love.  Interesting reasoning Capo; how big of you to want the State to take babies away from women who only want abortions because they feel unable to cope with the responsibilities required to raise and care for them properly, rather than to take both mother and child in, give the mother the support, aid, and coping skills necessary to be truly independent, self sufficient and a contributing member of Society; and then to set them up in their own home with the continued support of a permanent and stable community.  How utterly fascist and terrible of me to contribute my money to such programs that keep families together and strengthen women so they can become strong, confident, responsible members of our Society who are able to love their children without fear of either ending up on the street or losing them to an uncaring State by way of Foster Care.   So tell me Capo, what does abortion teach a woman? That it's ok to be socially irresponsible and screw the consequences because abortion is an easy enough way out of any problem. Rather than that option that just leaves the woman feeling spiritually empty and worthless as a human being; we take them in, love them through the pain of going through such a life altering experience alone. We give support, training and counseling while even offering adoption if a woman decides she just can't handle the responsibility. But my greatest sense of satisfaction has always come from keeping mother and child together as a family.  But of course you and matt expect all anti abortion advocates to lock women up and force them to have babies as they are further dehumanized as a prisoner. Break up families, throw the mothers back onto the street afterward like so much trash, as we take their children from them and raise them as our own. How 1940s of you; but that is the typical liberal solution isn't it.
Archie,  So tell me Capo, what does abortion teach a woman?   It teaches her that her body is her own, beyond the control of others.  So teaching that it's ok to be promiscuous because you can just kill the baby; that's taking responsibility for ones actions and is making them a better citizen and more responsible adult? And you wonder why this Country is so screwed up?   It teaches her that she has rights to her personal integrity.  PERSONAL INTEGRITY????? Are you kidding me? Are you so lacking in any understanding of reality that you think women who MURDER their own unborn children actually walk away with their personal integrity intact rather than being haunted by a deep and very personal guilt? Don't you understand that for all of the pro-abortionists excuses and justifications for this infanticide, in the end, in that woman's reality, she knows deep within her HUMAN SOUL that she has killed her own baby? And here's some evidence of the after effects of this National disgrace called abortion. http://www.nrlc.org/abortion/ASMF/asmf14.html  Is Abortion Safe? Psychological Consequences:  Clinical research provides a growing body of scientific evidence that having an abortion can cause psychological harm to some women. "Women who report negative after-effects from abortion know exactly what their problem is," observed psychologist Wanda Franz, Ph.D., in a March 1989 congressional hearing on the impact of abortion. "They report horrible nightmares of children calling them from trash cans, of body parts, and blood," Franz told the Congressional panel. "When they are reminded of the abortion," Franz testified, "the women re-experienced it with terrible psychological pain ... They feel worthless and victimized because they failed at the most natural of human activities -- the role of being a mother."[106]  The emergence of chemical abortion methods poses a new possibly more devastating psychological threat. Unlike surgical abortions, in which women rarely see the cut up body parts, women having chemical abortions often do see the complete tiny bodies of their unborn children and are even able to distinguish the child&#8217;s developing hands, eyes, etc. [107] So traumatic is this for some women that both patients and researchers involved in these studies have recommended that women unprepared for the experience of seeing their aborted children not take the drugs. [108] Long-term psychological implications of this experience have not been studied.  Researchers on the after-effects of abortion have identified a pattern of psychological problems known as Post-Abortion Syndrome (PAS). Women suffering PAS may experience drug and alcohol abuse, personal relationship disorders, sexual dysfunction, repeated abortions, communications difficulties, damaged self-esteem, and even attempt suicide. Post-Abortion Syndrome appears to be a type of pattern of denial which may last for five to ten years before emotional difficulties surface. [109]  Now that some clinicians have established that there is an identifiable patterns to PAS, they face a new challenge. What is still unknown is how widespread psychological problems are among women who have had abortions. A Los Angeles Times survey in 1989 found that 56% of women who had abortions felt guilty about it, and 26% "mostly regretted the abortion."[110] Clinicians&#8217; current goal should be to conduct extensive national research studies to obtain data on the psychological after-effects of abortion.[111]  With the growing awareness of Post Abortion Syndrome in scholarly and clinical circles, women with PAS can expect to receive a more sensitive appreciation of the suffering that they endure. Fortunately, a growing network of peer support groups of women who have had abortions offers assistance to women who are experiencing emotional difficulties.  Many post-abortive women have also been speaking out publicly about their own abortion experiences and the healing process they went through.. Women or family members seeking information about this particular outreach can contact American Victims of Abortion, 419 7th Street, NW, Suite 500, Washington, D.C., 20004. It teaches her that the government has limits to its power.  The Government is charged with one main responsibility. And that is to insure "LIFE, LIBERTY AND THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS" for all of its CITIZENS, no matter how small they are. And if the Government refuses to protect the most innocent and weakest among us CAPO, then how safe are any of us in the long run?  It teaches her the importance of choice in a free society.  Why am I not surprised. You think that enabling her to commit infanticide is actually giving her a choice. How pathetically, and typically liberal of you. Forget the consequences to her from the guilt and sense of failure as a woman for resorting to such a senseless act as a solution for her problems; Forget that she just learned to run from her responsibilities in life and to justify and excuse her mistakes, by killing if need be.   It teaches her to tell the likes of you where to go.  Actually, it's people like me that these girls and women come to for real help once they get a full serving of your lip service that accomplishes nothing more than to aggravate an already serious problem by telling them that the only solution is to kill their baby; that with enough cash they can solve their problem through infanticide. We help her to stop and calmly look at their situation and look down the road of life at the long term affects of todays decisions. Not just at the next 9 months and the allegedly immediate, yet shallow solution that abortion offers.  BTW, in case you haven't noticed, I'm bhbcu64. You must be having an Alzheimer's moment to twice call me someone else.   Does this occur frequently to you?  Look Capo, you and I both know that you have already been banned twice here already. Do you want to ask admin to check IP addresses? So don't play with me, because I know better.  AND I REALIZE THAT IN YOUR USUAL FASHION, YOU WILL JUST QUOTE ONE SENTENCE IN BOLDED AND RESPOND TO THAT ONLY, IF YOU DON'T JUST RUN AWAY. BUT JUST FOR THE HECK OF IT, POINT OUT ONE OTHER SEGMENT OF OUR SOCIETY THAT HAS THE LEGAL RIGHT TO KILL ANOTHER HUMAN BEING THAT IS DEEMED COMPLETELY INNOCENT OF ANY WRONG DOING BY ANY POSSIBLE RATIONALE, BUT ONLY BECAUSE THEIR VERY EXISTENCE IS A PERCEIVED INCONVENIENCE TO THE PERSON WHO'S VERY OWN ACTIONS CREATED THE PROBLEM ORIGINALLY THAT WILL LEAD TO THE DEATH OF THE INNOCENT PERSON WHO IS DESTINED TO BE KILLED? CAN YOU NAME THAT OTHER SPECIAL CLASS OF AMERICAN FOR ME CAPO?
Archie,  POINT OUT ONE OTHER SEGMENT OF OUR SOCIETY THAT HAS THE LEGAL RIGHT TO KILL ANOTHER HUMAN BEING THAT IS DEEMED COMPLETELY INNOCENT OF ANY WRONG DOING BY ANY POSSIBLE RATIONALE, BUT ONLY BECAUSE THEIR VERY EXISTENCE IS A PERCEIVED INCONVENIENCE TO THE PERSON WHO'S VERY OWN ACTIONS CREATED THE PROBLEM ORIGINALLY THAT WILL LEAD TO THE DEATH OF THE INNOCENT PERSON WHO IS DESTINED TO BE KILLED?   What a softball question, you silly goose you.  The answer is simple - American "soldiers" in Iraq.  Next??  Yours truly, bhbcu64  AND I REALIZE THAT IN YOUR USUAL FASHION, YOU WILL JUST QUOTE ONE SENTENCE IN BOLDED AND RESPOND TO THAT ONLY,  There's one prediction fulfilled. And even the answer to that question is either another blatant liberal lie, or another example of your lack of understanding of American Military Law. Then again, it is most likely just more anti-American hate speech which never considers the truth before judging what this Country stands for in ACTUAL REALITY!!!  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu_A8T.ZHHHAAC65XNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTBybnZlZnRlBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMQRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=1356bviql/EXP=1206362300/**http%3a//news.propeller.com/story/2008/02/10/us-soldier-convicted-of-killing-iraqi/  And here's another example of Military Law at work.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu_A8T.ZHHHAAGK5XNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByZmU2MmgwBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDOARjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkAw--/SIG=12nhsratc/EXP=1206362300/**http%3a//www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A17010-2005Mar31.html
Archie,  Tut, tut!  Such ANGER!! And on Easter as well.emoticon_mad   If you look carefully, I'm sure you can find an anger management class in even your neighborhood.emoticon_xangel   If afraid that those who run the classes will demand that you really demonstrate that you want to get your issues under control.  I'm not angry Capo; I'm disgusted that people as shortsighted, shallow and limited in their Worldview as you are still exist in this Country. You spew lies and misinformation as easily as you type on a keyboard, while never ever considering what is actually true. And when it's proven to you that Soldiers don't have carte blanche to kill civilians, you just ignore it and spew more lies and misinformation.   I post a complete and scathing rebuttal to your previous post of lies and you ignore every point I made except one, and you got that one wrong by saying soldiers can kill innocents without consequences as women get abortions without legal consequences. You are the living definition of an INTERNET TROLL!!! and all admin has to do is read the dialogue from this thread to be reminded why he has already banned you twice, because you contribute nothing to the debate at all but lies and unsupported misinformation.
CUNx,  Soldiers in Iraq (and in any other future and past wars) have very stringent rules of engagement that must be followed or you end up in jail for the rest of your life. We want the Iraqi people to assist us in making their country safe for them, we don't want to kill innocents.  Except for the fact that innocents were killed in both Vietnam and Iraq and no one higher than the level of grunt was ever disciplined for it.  Why did Calley end up the fall guy for MyLai?  Why has no one above the rank of M/Sgt ever been charged with anything connected with Abu Ghiraib?  And yet you get it wrong again. Calley was an Officer; specifically, a lieutenant. And he wasn't a fall guy, but the Officer in command.
Archie,  And he wasn't a fall guy, but the Officer in command.  And why did nothing happen to his Captain, his Major, or his Colonel?  When the US went after those Japanese who committed atrocities during their retreat from the Philippines during WWII, we executed Gen. Yamashita even though he had specifically issued orders that his grunts disobeyed.  We said it was his responsibility that his troops were undisciplined. This was the case even though Yamashita was out of contact with his troops and told the COURT that, if he had been in contact, he would have personally directed that that the killing cease.  You mean the International War Crimes Tribunal that tried him for his War crimes? It wasn't an American Court, yet you are condemning America for his conviction even though the case was much wider than you allege. The Japanese committed War Crimes and atrocities on par with the Nazi's and got off easy if their complete record was judged accordingly. You are nothing more than an apologist for every war mongering enemy of freedom and independent thought that has ever been responsible for the mass murder of uncountable numbers of innocents.   Have you ever heard of the Rape of Nanking when the Japanese Army raped, murdered and did medical testing on par with Hitler's Dr. Mengele to the tune of between 100,000 and 200,000 people in only a 3 week period? Here's a link to support what I'm saying: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanking_Massacre  BTW, Archie, we don't criticize you for your beliefs, however ridiculous they might seem. What we have problems with is your bitter condemnation of anyone whose beliefs differ from yours. You need to learn that America thrives precisely because people can and do differ in their ideas and still be good, loyal, patriotic Americans. Nobody, not even you, has a monopoly on truth, even if there were an objective definition of that word.emoticon_idea  My bitter condemnation of anyone who's beliefs differ from mine? Don't you troll after all of my posts sniping and jabbing with your infantile and ill considered insults while never really responding with anything even remotely true, accurate or in support of the Country that offers you the freedom to spew your hate? I can think of dozens of Countries where you would receive a visit from your Government with an extended Prison sentence for retraining for spewing against them what you have said about our Country here. And yet you continue to condemn the Nation that allows your hate speech.   You see America as an Imperialist Country when nothing could be further from the truth, but that reality is somehow beyond you to comprehend. Show me one perfect Society that has ever existed in the history of this World? You can't of course, now show one Society that has accomplished so much as we have in so short a time? You can't. And why are we the destination of choice for every poor, oppressed, discriminated against and abused class of people on Earth if what they have at home is better than what we offer here?  Because so many Americans are like you and so spoiled so as to not even appreciate the opportunities this Country affords it citizens, even though we aren't perfect; you will squander what we have and will only understand what we have once it is gone forever.
Hopping across the jungle she rants and raves To rid herself of Horton's voice calling out to save The small speck on which life does exist  She is a wascally reasle dressed up as a roo  Turning truth on its head she hasn't a clue What is right or is wrong so she clinches her fist   She silenced her conscience years long ago Saying, Specks are too small for real life to grow She twisted her twords and began to insist   That a person and a life are not one in the same Seeking to relieve herself of the blame Of guilt she felt on her chest  Her bias is clearly as thick as a fog  She should have learned from history's smistory log That to live in the dark is far from what is best    There are essentially two issues which must be resolved concerning unborn embryos and fetuses. The first is, "Are they human beings?" The second is, "Should they be recognized as persons under the law?"   We've already established that there is no debate on the first question. Embryos and fetuses are fully and individually human from the moment of fertilization on. If this were not true, if unborn children were not demonstrably human, there would be no need to even talk about rights of personhood. "Removing a fetus" would be the moral equivalent of pulling a tooth. This, however, is not the case, and so the debate must now enter the political arena.  There is a very real sense in which the need to answer this second question is, in itself, an absurdity. If you look up the word "person" in your average dictionary (we'll use Webster's), you'll find something like this:  Person n. A human being.  A person, simply put, is a human being. This fact should be enough. The intrinsic humanity of unborn children, by definition, makes them persons and should, therefore, guarantee their protection under the law. For more than thirty years, however, this has not been the case. The situation we are left with is this. In America today, there is a huge and singular group of living human beings who have no protection under the law and are being killed en masse every day. Is that not astounding?! It is astounding, but not wholly unprecedented.  There have been at least two other instances in American history in which specific groups of human beings were stripped of their rights of personhood as a means of justifying their horrible mistreatment. African-Americans and Native-Americans both felt the brunt of a system which denied their humanity, stripped their personhood and subjected them to horrors beyond measure. While the legal framework that made such injustice possible has now been removed, it remains firmly in place for unborn Americans.  There remains one, and only one, group of human beings in the U.S. today for which being human is not enough. The inconvenience of their existence has resulted in a legal loophole of shameful proportions. What is a person? A person is a human being (unless, of course, you haven't been born yet, in which case we'll define personhood in any way possible so as to exclude you, kill you and forget you).  Welcome to America.
That is the issue of who gets to determine the future of a woman's pregnancy - the woman herself or the government. Or, put another way, who gets to determine whether the little person living within the womb of his mother gets to continue living: the woman or the government (which is just another way of saying a large collection of individual people who are entitled to impose their will)?  If you say the government, then you must needs have sanctions in place for the woman who violates its rules and chooses to terminate her pregnancy. Why must this follow?  If you say the government, then you must needs be ready to witness the sight of women being led to prison or to the execution chamber for their "crime". Again, why does this follow?
 There are essentially two issues which must be resolved concerning unborn embryos and fetuses. The first is, "Are they human beings?" The second is, "Should they be recognized as persons under the law?"   We've already established that there is no debate on the first question. Embryos and fetuses are fully and individually human from the moment of fertilization on. If this were not true, if unborn children were not demonstrably human, there would be no need to even talk about rights of personhood. "Removing a fetus" would be the moral equivalent of pulling a tooth. This, however, is not the case, and so the debate must now enter the political arena.  There is a very real sense in which the need to answer this second question is, in itself, an absurdity. If you look up the word "person" in your average dictionary (we'll use Webster's), you'll find something like this:  Person n. A human being.  A person, simply put, is a human being. This fact should be enough. The intrinsic humanity of unborn children, by definition, makes them persons and should, therefore, guarantee their protection under the law. For more than thirty years, however, this has not been the case. The situation we are left with is this. In America today, there is a huge and singular group of living human beings who have no protection under the law and are being killed en masse every day. Is that not astounding?! It is astounding, but not wholly unprecedented.  There have been at least two other instances in American history in which specific groups of human beings were stripped of their rights of personhood as a means of justifying their horrible mistreatment. African-Americans and Native-Americans both felt the brunt of a system which denied their humanity, stripped their personhood and subjected them to horrors beyond measure. While the legal framework that made such injustice possible has now been removed, it remains firmly in place for unborn Americans.  There remains one, and only one, group of human beings in the U.S. today for which being human is not enough. The inconvenience of their existence has resulted in a legal loophole of shameful proportions. What is a person? A person is a human being (unless, of course, you haven't been born yet, in which case we'll define personhood in any way possible so as to exclude you, kill you and forget you).  Welcome to America.  I was going to respond to Jake, Capo and electrolyte point by point when I realized that it would just be a waste of time; where as this post sums up the issue so rationally, concisely and reasonably that it is worth quoting just to repeat the truth it represents. Thank you chloe for putting it so simply that anybody except a pro-abortion liberal can get it. In fact, you know that even they got it when they ignore it.
Just remember that there are others who are just a moral as you who do not accept that assumption. And they are wrong.  Now, to the crux of your misguided post.  Please tell the forum just exactly how this "large collection of individual people who are entitled to impose their will" CAN impose its will unless it is given the law's sanction to do so? The large collection of individual people are the lawgivers. They are the sovereign. They do not need the law's sanction to do so because the people collectively make the law.   How else can this "large collection of individual people who are entitled to impose their will" do so unless there is some means for coercing those who do not accept its demands without punishment for those who do not do so? Abortion once was universally criminalized in the United States, and there were no sanctions against the woman.  Thus, it must needs follow that, in order for this "large collection of individual people who are entitled to impose their will", it must be allowed imprison or execute those who would extinguish the lives of what you call "little people". Of course the people have the authority to imprison or execute those who violate the law. But they also have the authority to attach lesser sanctions if they so choose. They even have the authority to only hold those responsible who actually performed the abortion, which has been the mode in the United States.   So I ask again, are you and your ilk ready to see women and their doctors going to prison or to the execution chambers in order that you may work your will on them? I, for one, believe women should be held responsible for freely consenting to an abortion under the law if we are going to criminalize it. I do recognize, however, that that might not be possible given the cultural climate. But I by no means believe that just because our cultural climate is deficient, I therefore must consent to or accept a policy of abortion on demand for any reason or no reason at all.
So you get to whine and moan and complain (lie) that I didn't address your points, then when I challenge you to support your points against my counterarguments, you say that you don't need to. You're a hypocrite, Archie.  You call this seriously responding to anything I said in the post you responded too? http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=306656&postcount=96 Your only response was snide remarks and nothing more of debatable value, unless I want to get into another flame fest with you. And I'm trying to avoid those if at all possible.  Ignore it? bhbcu64 made a valid point and made significant elaborations. The only responses we've seen are "You're wrong" with no explanation, and two "Why does this follow?"s, apparently due to ignorance of that pesky little thing called law.  In his usual fashion Capo C&Pd once sentence from chloe's post and then zeroed in on only the woman's right to kill her unborn child without even considering the life that was growing within her. So how you can say that he made significant elaborations just shows how subjective your perspective is.http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=306650&postcount=93
First of all, might I suggest that you use the quote feature when responding? That makes it much easier for others to know who and what you are responding to. Just a suggestion though.  What you do NOT have the right to do is impose your perverted moral values on the women in my family. I have not suggested anything close to this. What I have suggested is that society certainly has the right to impose its collective will on this issue as it has historically done.  Does anyone have an issue with the truth of his statement? I'm not sure the point you are making with this. I will say that one can acknowledge the existence of differing views about a subject without conceding that each differing view is equally true. But the point Blackmun seemed to be asserting was that the court would not base its ruling on any of these factors, but on Constitutional law, which many legal scholars all across the ideological spectrum agree that it did a very poor job of doing.
 What you do NOT have the right to do is impose your perverted moral values on the women in my family.  WOW, in your very warped World view, people with moral values that defend the most defenseless among us and speak for those who can't speak for themselves are seen as morally perverted by you? How terribly pathetic of you Capo. But sadly, I'm not the least bit surprised at how incredibly shallow your perspective is. What boggles the mind though is that you're unable to empathize with a whole class of human beings whom you once were yourself. Just think about it Capo, Can you see what that say's about you?
Is this normal behavior here?   If an handle is losing an argument they just go into a child like tirade about seemingly irrelevant reasons and alleged personal flaws of their opponents instead of simply admitting their own faults?   Seems like this place could use some pool cleaning if you get the drift.  Hey Horseshoe, welcome to the forum; I think... Did you happen to notice the post I was responding to above?  What you do NOT have the right to do is impose your perverted moral values on the women in my family.  So am I to understand that you also believe that people who speak against the wholesale slaughter of unborn children have perverted moral values? Then I submit that if that is true, you're in no position at all to judge me in any way as your own moral compass is seriously out of whack. Since when is it morally perverted to stand against the murder of perfectly innocent human beings?
The individual's right to control her own body, have security of her own person, cannot be imposed upon. Everyone is free to share an opinion on the issue, it's free speech. The individual's right to control her (or his) own body, if such a right even exists, is not absolute. The framer's of modern rights theory, and indeed Western history, bears this out quite plainly. Absolute control over one's body is not the modern liberal ideal; it is the postmodern Liberal's ideal.
In either case, it is a worthy ideal.emoticon_xgood   No one should be able to decide the future of a woman's pregnancy other than she herself.  No one should be able to decide whether I continue my life other than I myself.  No one should be able to decide what substances I ingest except I myself. On what moral system are you basing these claims?  And, to paraphrase Justice Blackman, one's personal experiences and viewpoints may inform their own views regarding the ethics of abortion; but those are not acceptable grounds to decide Constitutional or other legal questions, correct?
In matters that do not concern anyone other than the individual involved, the person is the captain of the ship, the master of her/his own destiny. Assuming this principle to be true (which I do not believe it is), we've come full circle because it is precisely the belief that another individual other than the mother is inherently involved in every decision to terminate a pregnancy that people like myself believe intervention is not only legitimate, but necessary.
  In matters that do not concern anyone other than the individual involved, the person is the captain of the ship, the master of her/his own destiny.  That's the issue that you are apparently unable to comprehend, abortion is all about more than one individual. Namely the woman who is pregnant and the unborn baby that is killed if she chooses that route to correct a situation which she, not the baby, created in the first place.
If so you believe, then so you must act within the confines of your own family. For all I car, you can confine yourself to the house and confine your pregnant daughters to the house for all I care.emoticon_mad This is unjustified. It is merely you asserting a claim without basing it on anything. It's hanging on a hook in the sky. If we're going to resort to asserting mere opinions without asking whether they are right or wrong, then I simply disagree with you, and my opinion, though the opposite of yours, is equally as right as yours. Unless you can provide another basis by which we can judge the validity of our opinions, I suppose we must leave the discussion here.  What you do NOT have the right to do is impose your moral choices as regards the continuation or termination of another woman's pregnancy if she chooses to make another moral choice - a choice which is just a moral as yours.emoticon_xangel First, another baseless claim. I have shown where, according to the traditional understanding of rights, a woman has no such right to terminate a pregnancy. I may have misunderstood, but I believe that one of your responses conceded this to be true. If that is correct, then I have no idea what you are saying when you are telling me, in contradiction to historical rights theory, that I have no right to prevent abortion.  Second, it cannot be true that two individuals holding opposite moral viewpoints to the same action can both be correct. Therefore, it cannot be that a person choosing to terminate a pregnancy has made a choice that is just as moral as mine. One of us is wrong, and one of us is right; but we cannot be equally right.  For you to think that you had the right to interfere in another woman's choices is just as wrong as it would be for me to say that the women in your family should be required by law to terminate their pregnancies.  Would you like that? Well then, the women in my family feel just as strongly about your attempts at intrusion into their lives. Because you have not provided the moral basis of your claims, and because you seem to have rejected the historical understanding of moral rights, I really have no idea what you are saying when you tell me it would be wrong to do prevent abortions.
Sorry, but that's just exactly what it is, nothing more and nothing less.  You believe there are two persons involved; we believe there is only one.  It's a matter of opinion, nothing more, nothing less.  You have the perfect right to act upon your beliefs with the privacy of your own family, just as every other family, indeed, every pregnant woman, has the right to act upon hers or theirs. If my opinion is just as valid and true as yours, then there is no reason why this should not be settled democratically, as we settle all other similar disputes between parties that have two opposing views.
A free individual's course of action cannot be but up for vote in a referendum. Being a free adult individual, It wouldn't matter if 99% of the people in my state wanted me to die my hair green. I would not have to do so, and you have no right to put that up for a vote. Like wise, you might not like green hair. I wouldn't matter if 99% of the people in my state voted to NOT let me die my hair green--my hair color is not up for public debate. Our rights are protected in the constitution. That supersedes ANY opinion you may have now, or in the future. We are all guaranteed certain things. Control over our bodies is one of the things we have a right to. I'm sorry, but even if 99% of the people wanted control over my body (being a man it would have to be a different issue, but it stands just the same) the constitution would protect my personal boarders. This is not up for a vote. It doesn't change over time. It is not relative. Unless I do something that places me under the control of the govt. (such as committing a crime), the govt. has no more right over my body than than Iran has over the white house.  Your hair analogy just doesn't hold up because that is a truly individual choice which no one else should have a voice in as it has no effect on anyone else's life. But the evidence that we don't have absolute control over our bodies lies in the fact that the State will incarcerate people for breaking the law, and even execute them for certain crimes. There are no greater examples of losing control over ones body than those two.  And abortion is sufficient to meet that threshold as it involves the very relevant question of whether or not just one, but two lives are effected by this act that leads to the death of one of the parties involved. So control over ones own body isn't now, nor has it ever been an absolute right where the welfare of others is involved.  For the pro-abortionists to debate this issue as if that aspect of the debate isn't even relevant is to disregard the crux of the dispute between the two sides of this practice that leads to approximately 1.4 million abortions each year in America alone.
Archie,  So control over ones own body isn't now, nor has it ever been an absolute right where the welfare of others is involved.   If you had taken the time to really read what CUNx had posted, you would have seen that was exactly the point he was making.  Since there is no other "there" than the pregnant woman, this is an area where the heavy hand of government intrudes at its peril.  Once again your own terminology betrays you with the accuracy which it clearly states. As you can see, the very fact that she is referred to as, and accepted as PREGNANT; means she has a CHILD developing inside of her. You can't have it both ways Capo, no matter how much you want to marginalize the person within her, it is a person, or will be one if allowed to grow to term.  pregnant |&#712;pregn&#601;nt| adjective 1 (of a woman or female animal) having a child or young developing in the uterus : a pregnant woman | she was heavily pregnant with her second child.  having been in such a condition for a specified time : she was six months pregnant. 2 full of meaning; significant or suggestive : a pregnant pause | a development pregnant with implications. DERIVATIVES pregnantly adverb ORIGIN late Middle English : from Latin praegnant-, probably from prae 'before' + the base of gnasci 'be born.'  Thesaurus  pregnant adjective 1 she is pregnant expecting a baby, expectant, carrying a child; informal expecting, in the family way, with a bun in the oven, knocked up; chiefly Brit. informal preggers; informal dated in trouble; archaic with child; technical parturient, gravid. 2 a ceremony pregnant with religious significance filled, charged, heavy; full of. 3 a pregnant pause meaningful, significant, suggestive, expressive, charged. 
Our rights are protected in the constitution. That supersedes ANY opinion you may have now, or in the future. We are all guaranteed certain things. I don't disagree with this.  Control over our bodies is one of the things we have a right to. I definitely disagree with this. That is not in the Constitution, nor is it even plausible under the modern tradition of rights theory. From Locke to the Framers until this very time, the absolute right to control one's body simply does not exist. You and bhbcu64 may want such a right codified in the Constitution, but it isn't there. I'm not saying it can't ever be there; only that it isn't presently there.  I'm sorry, but even if 99% of the people wanted control over my body (being a man it would have to be a different issue, but it stands just the same) the constitution would protect my personal boarders. This is not up for a vote. It doesn't change over time. It is not relative. Unless I do something that places me under the control of the govt. (such as committing a crime), the govt. has no more right over my body than than Iran has over the white house. Let's take your example of hair color. You said:  It wouldn't matter if 99% of the people in my state wanted me to die my hair green. I would not have to do so, and you have no right to put that up for a vote. But, on the contrary, under the present constitutional system, it is theoretically possible that the people could legitimately tell you what color to make your hair; and they could do so with much fewer than 99% of the people's support. I'm not saying that this would be a good thing, I am only saying that the notion that one has the absolute right to control his/her body is nowhere to be found in a legal system based on the western tradition of rights.
A free individual's course of action cannot be put up for vote in a referendum. Being a free adult individual, It wouldn't matter if 99% of the people in my state wanted me to die my hair green. I would not have to do so, and you have no right to put that up for a vote. Like wise, you might not like green hair. I wouldn't matter if 99% of the people in my state voted to NOT let me die my hair green--my hair color is not up for public debate. Our rights are protected in the constitution. And I'll point out that forcing people to have green hair is not a violation of the constitution (assuming voted on by 99% of people in a state).    That supersedes ANY opinion you may have now, or in the future. We are all guaranteed certain things. Control over our bodies is one of the things we have a right to.I don't think you have an absolute right to your own body and I definitely don't think it goes above a right to life. How can one say this is not a valid opinion? The only way to settle this in a democracy is to vote on it. You aren't right because you say so.  I'm sorry, but even if 99% of the people wanted control over my body (being a man it would have to be a different issue, but it stands just the same) the constitution would protect my personal boarders. This is not up for a vote. That's odd because the constitution was up for a vote.
The government can't even make us organ donors at death. The presumption is in favor of the individual's rights over their own body -- even after they're dead, and there is no disagreement as to whether or not a person is present.Yet every claim of a "right to your own body" always ends up with exceptions when it violates a right of another person. For example you don't have the right to use your body to hit me. So now when someone claims the unborn is a person then needless to say the supposed "right to one's own body" is no longer an issue as it is as best trumped.
Phyllis, where it is not spelled out, we have a right. That is an absurd theory of Constitutional rights. Do you really mean to suggest, for example, that because speed limits aren't addressed in the constitution, I therefore have the right to drive whatever speed I wish? Or that, because the constitution does not prohibit suicide, the government therefore must not interfere with the very personal decision of whether to end my life?  Again, this view of rights is not in accordance with the fundamentals of rights theory, nor is it consistent with how the law has developed in the United States.
I personally don't see how it is relevant when it appears you are largely ignoring the issues and points that other handles have made. I don't see an real good reason that justifies going off on tantrums and personal insult rants merely because one is losing an argument. Maybe if another user is heavily relying upon similar tactics as to why you are wrong, but I personally don't see that occurring in this thread.  That I was, or am losing anything is a completely subjective opinion; as if there is actually anything to win or lose here. But as I said before, you're in no position to be judging anyone with just 5 posts here. Get to know the members before acting as the judge of what is an acceptable response to someone calling another's values perverted, just because he doesn't agree that killing unborn babies is wrong. Also, the fact that you are defending his position puts your judgement in serious doubt too. See you next week... emoticon_xbye
Yes, the constitution was voted for and ratified. Now that it's in effect, it has to be followed. Never said it didn't  You are wrong if you think that any and all manner of govt. action, if it passes in a referendum is allowed. That is completely incorrect.Then it's a good thing I never said this. I said a law requiring people to have green hair doesn't violate the constitution...at least assuming it was passed on the state level.  The courts constantly strike down both state and federal laws as well as state and local referendums and other ordinances. To say that it doesn't happen is to deny reality.You are bordering on a strawman because you shoot down a claim I never made.
That's a bottom line, isn't it. Though of course the person view is a religious or metaphysical position. Not what you can establish. Which we thus leave up to individual discretion. Then, there are rights and there are what people can do, regardless of the State. Is that not, at times, a right?Generally it is not let up to an individual's discretion because I can't go around claiming you are not a person and therefore claim it is ok to beat you up. The whole point is that a "right to your own body" is not a claim that can go anywhere in the abortion debate and I'd go further to say that the right is not even an absolute or true right. It has elements that may be true but I don't see a blanket absolute right being the case here.
You try to sneak the word 'absolute' in there but that's not going to work in this case. I'm not trying to sneak anything anywhere; I'm merely trying to be as precise as possible.  I've already asserted that the govt. can bring you under its control but only if you but yourself in that situation by breaking a law and only after due process can the govt. attempt to exert control over you. And my proposal is that we criminalize abortion, thereby allowing responsible parties to be held responsible for their actions, being fully entitled to due process. But you seem to be saying (I suppose I could be wrong) that a law may not be passed to prohibit abortion, and that is what I disagree with.   I understand that pro-life's main goal is to have an unborn baby be declared a citizen. But the problem is you cannot subjugate a woman to her womb (her womb) and the constitution doesn't give the govt. the power to do this. The framers never intended to have the govt. intrude into the physicians' examine room. They (from Locke on) knew that true human freedom started with the sanctity of the individual's body [ie. no unlawful search, no 'cruel and unusual' punishment, right to bear arms (to protect one's person)]. In order to be precise, this might be a little more detailed than necessary. The Federal constitution certainly has nothing to say about abortion one way or the other. Given that fact, the principle of federalism espoused in the Amendments 9 and 10 would grant the individual states the authority to decide their abortion policy. I don't know which state you live in, but abortion happens not to be covered in my state's constitution either, and as a result, the state is entitled and has the authority to prohibit doctors from performing abortions, and punishing those who choose do. This is why the states, historically and prior to Roe v. Wade, enacted laws that prohibited abortion.  Wrong, you could try to make ANY law you'd like, but the courts would knock it down as 'unconstitutional'. That's why we have checks and balances--to protect us from tyranny, even tyranny of the majority! It would be an interesting day indeed when a court would attempt to strike down a constitutional amendment. By definition, a constitutional amendment becomes part of the constitution, and therefore no constitutional amendment can be struck down by a court.
In fact, it states clearly, that anything not expressly prohibited by or power specifically awarded to the fed. govt. was left to the people (states). Exactly. Any power not reserved exclusively to the federal government were reserved to the states. And it was the individual states that abortion.  If you built your own PERSONAL hwy, on your property, you could go as fast as you want. It is when you CHOOSE to use those road belonging to the state that you must follow THEIR rules... You can try and make the "if something is not expressly covered in the Constitution, it is automatically a Constitutional right" logic sound reasonable, but it isn't reasonable. There is nothing in that logic that suggests what you have said. There is nothing in the constitution saying anything about speed limits, or about using public vs. private roads.  I think this is an area where the constitution has not been followed and I look to the SCOTUS to eventually get right on 'right to die'. The end of life choices should again, be up to the individual, not the govt. My point on suicide is to say that no such right exists, period. It was expressly denied as a right by Locke, and that view has continued throughout our history because of a rights theory that relies on a Creator. Therefore, the court cannot be wrong to say the Constitution does not confer a right to suicide. You can say the Constitution ought to; but there is no way that one can make the case that it presently does.  I have to say that, personally, if anyone came up to me and told me they were going to kill themselves, I would move heaven and hell to prevent them from doing so whether they wanted me to or not. And that would include informing the authorities who would, contrary to the consent of the individual, do everything possible to prevent them from ending their life.  The tradition in this country is that the life of individuals is sacred and is to be preserved at all costs, even at the cost of the individual's liberty. Violation of the Constitution? Most certainly not.
 None the less, a state law forcing people to have green hair would be struck down as unconstitutional. The Fed authority supersedes state authority in such cases. Any state law can be nullified at the federal level (that was the reason for the civil war).What provision of the constitution restricts states from requiring green hair? Furthermore, where in the constitution does it say the federal government supersedes anything the states say (in terms of all anything...I understand they supersede in some cases)? The federal government doesn't have the same powers as the state government which is evidenced by the 10th amendment. The federal government can't do a number of things states can do. That is the entire purpose behind federalism. Granted we have thrown out federalism a long time ago but this is illegitimate and, in fact, is a distortion of the constitution.
However, if we want to discuss the Constitution, then we need to look at the 9th Amendment. In Griswold v. Connecticut, the SCOTUS declared that the right to privacy was included in the unenumerated rights contained therein.  Just as a matter of clarification, this is not the basis of the right to privacy as established in Griswold. That was the basis of Justice Goldberg's concurring opinion, but it was not the opinion of the court. In fact, I recall reading recently that the ninth amendment has never alone been used by the Supreme Court to invalidate legislation.  So you ARE willing to see women being led off to prison or to the execution chamber for the "crime" of abortion if that is what a particular state decrees that the sanction should be. I think I have already said that I would not have a problem with this, though you and I both know that this type of sanction will not happen. You are free to try and stir up emotion if you want, but the presence of a feeling does not invalidate rational and logical thought.  Under present conditions, any number of things are possible which would stir such an emotional response as the one you are trying to illicit. The state could say that no one may have a driver's license, for example. But because representative government tends to produce good laws, these scenarios do not occur in real application, though they are theoretically possible.  It seems that your concern for the "right to life" ends at birth. No, it does not. The death penalty in general is not a violation of the right to life as embodied in our constitution. But I do not think we should pursue this any further in order that we may stay on topic here. If you would like to get into this, then perhaps starting a thread in the crime forum would be appropriate.  Just for the record, if state "X" criminalizes abortion in its laws and/or Constitution and state "Y" expressly permits it in theirs, how do you intend to stop women who live in state "X" from traveleing to state "Y" for the procedure?  Pregnancy checks upon leaving and reentering the state perhaps? I could simply say that I support the expansive view of the commerce clause that many are quite fond of, and therefore Congress may prohibit this by legislation if it so chooses.  But under a correct notion of law, what you have described is not likely to be able to be stopped short of amending the federal constitution, which I fully support. Until then, however, much as I may dislike abortion and want it to stop, I cannot and will not support usurpations of fundamental law in order to achieve that end.
Yes, but, in the case of green hair, the constitution would protect MY right not to have green hair (whether it would be under 'free speech' or whatever). We agree, I think that anything not expressly forbidden or protected by the Constitution would be up to the states. I've become very uncertain of which constitution you are talking about at any given instance. So, this should suffice: whatever constitution you believe protects your right not to have green hair can be amended to say that you must have green hair, and therefore do not have the right not to have green hair.  As to whether we agree on the federalism amendments, I'll tentatively say that we appear to be in general agreement.  But there are certain things liberties we give up when we 'choose' to use govt. services. For instance, on a public road you must obey the speed limit. My point was in response to antonia's theory of Constitutional rights, which was, "where it is not spelled out, we have a right." The Constitution does not spell out that the use of public money grants the government the right to regulate. You won't find that anywhere.  The way you can consistently say that the government may regulate where the Constitution does not "spell it out" is to say that the legislative bodies are entitled to enact laws.  But private treatments between a woman and her doctor should be beyond the purview of the govt. So you do not believe that a doctor should be held responsible for malpractice? After all, any treatments that a doctor would provide (or refuse to provide) his patient is merely a private transaction, correct? Some government intervention is necessary in virtually every action performed in every day life. That is why I have been emphasizing the word absolute.  I agree that if one day the pro-lifers could get citizenship conferred on a fetus there would be a chance that they could try to stop abortions and to some extent the law does make a distinction (ie. third trimester abortions and etc...) but it think that the right of the individual woman to control her body should remain paramount esp. in early term of gestation. Citizenship has nothing to do with whether an individual has basic rights under our law. One could not get away with murdering an illegal alien, for example.  You again refer to the right on the woman to control her body, which I have said is not a right, and I have pointed out very clearly that it is not a right, and why it is not a right.  As the power of the church diminishes, individual liberty increases. The fight over assisted suicide will one of the last victories necessary for a truly secular society. It is purely from a religious standpoint that the right of an individual to choose when and how they die has been disallowed. If you remove the religious connotations of suicide if becomes nothing more than another right of control over the individual's body. Many localities are beginning to see it that way and the right to die is being granted in more and more places. Soon enough the power of the individual will assert itself over the antiquated religious notions of the past. First of all, it is perfectly plausible to deny on secular grounds that a right to suicide exists for the simple reason that the premises of secularism are just as unprovable as the premises of any other religion.  Second of all, a truly secular society is not desirable since it removes the only possible grounds for the actual existence of rights; that is, it removes the rational possibility that rights are real. Secularists can argue that rights are necessary, or that they are nice little things. But they cannot say that rights are real for the simple fact that rights are metaphysical; they are moral claims.  Society might be fine for a little while understanding that rights really don't actually exist, but that it should act as though they do. Sometime, however, some majority will trample the rights of some minority for some pragmatic, practical, or expedient reason on the basis that rights aren't real.
No, what I am saying is that it boils down to civil rights which are the purview of the federal govt.Civil rights are not the purview of the federal government. No where does the constitution say "the federal government is charged with enforcing civil rights". In fact, this is true because we had to add an amendment to end slavery. Prior to this the constitution said nothing of the sort. To go further, it required an amendment to give woman the right to vote (and a separate amendment from the 13th and 14th to give all races the right to vote). However, it may be of interest that the federal government put rights in the constitution but that means they have to be put there...not that they are already there. In the mean time, a state can very easily create what they feel are rights. For example, if Massachusetts thinks gay marriage is a right then they have the authority to make it so.   Even if such a law passed muster in state courts the federal judiciary would certainly strike it down as a violation of civil rights/liberties.Strike it down using which law or provision of the constitution? Judges don't get to decide what laws they think are good or bad...they get to decide (in this case) if a law violates a higher law such as the constitution.   The federal law is 'the law of the land'. Thus any state law that violates federal law or federal court orders is the one to be subjugated. That was decided in the civil war.No, the civil war was not about state vs federal despite unrealistic claims by some non-scholars. The federal government has some powers and the states have some powers. The federal government has no power to set a drinking age for example. Now the federal government can pressure a state (which is what they did) but they have no constitutional authority to do so. Federalism isn't about a lower level and higher level power..it is about separate powers. The federal government has some and the states have others...this is clearly stated in the 9th and 10th amendment which really was to clarify the original constitution which listed the only powers the federal government has of which one was NOT that they have control over the states (absolute control).   A quick look at federalist paper #46 written by James Madison can confirm this:  The federal and State governments are in fact but different agents and trustees of the people, constituted with different powers, and designed for different purposes.
There is no dispute as to my personhood or your own. And even then, it is not about absolute rights, an absolute right not having been asserted.   But there is dispute as to the personhood of a developing fetus -- and widespread agreement on a lack of pertinent evidence; therefore, you are free to practice what amounts to your religious/spiritual/metaphysical beliefs about the nature of that being, and insofar as your own body is concerned; but not mine, thank you.When I claim you are not a person there is a dispute about whether or not you are a person. So since a dispute exists does that mean I can now harm you? Since when does dispute mean we have to default to doing nothing? "I think slavery is ok but you don't so therefore you should just mind your own business". That kind of logic is crazy.
The green hair law could be attacked on free speach, privacy, due process, and I'm sure a host of other issues. I think you are misunderstanding what my point is. The Federal Govt. can nullify a state law if it violates the constitutional rights of the citizens of that state, that's what I mean by the fed. gov. protects civil rights.Free speech? What does hair color have to do with free speech? You can't walk around nude yet this isn't a violation of the constitution under free speech. Privacy isn't a right anywhere in the constitution and due process was done by the fact that it was voted on by 99% of the people. What more process could was required?   And of course a state law is nullified by a violation in the constitution but it first has to be in the constitution (and the constitution doesn't talk about everything) and second any court can nullify it...doesn't have to be done on a federal court level.  See above (Defininately 1st, also 4th and 8th amendments)8th? How is requiring a hair color a punishment? That makes no sense. The first amendment violation I think has no merit either. Requiring people to act a certain way has nothing to do with speech. And how can it violate the 4th when nothing is being searched and seized? I don't think those are valid arguments. Please explain if you think they are.    Yes, I agree with you that the states have some powers and the fed govt. has other powers too. The constitution itself states that anything not enumerated in it is reserved for the people/states. But the fed. judiciary can find that a state law is unconstitutional, as they would for the green hair law.I see absolutely no provision that could strike down a law requiring green hair. States have always restricted dress codes and actions...for better or worse. Whether or not the idea is crazy or stupid is irrelevant to whether or not it is constitutional. I think this is something people don't understand. A crazy law is not always unconstitutional. For example, sodomy laws are not unconstitutional (despite what the recent court has said) yet those are dumb laws because they are not really enforceable and really don't serve a good purpose. Laws against marijuana seem to be rather stupid when you allow tobacco yet those too are constitutional. And finally, laws requiring companies to not have Trans-Fats are, in my opinion, stupid and probably unfair laws but those are constitutional. The constitution is a very limited document for a very good reason. It is meant to give the greatest power to the people to decide for themselves how they want to be run. When you start claiming everything is in the constitution you get a rigid system of government that doesn't flow with the people and grants the greatest power to those put in charge of determining what the constitution says.  A state can't refuse a federal law (for instance, the FBI can arrest someone in CA for pot even though they have a pot prescription). Indeed they can.   If the states don't follow federal guidelines the fed can withhold money but the fed can force other issues, such as they did with integration.The federal government, no doubt, has tools it can use to help states conform. This doesn't mean they are above the states in terms of power and authority as the states have the power to dissolve the federal government.
Get real. It is not just about dispute, but widespread agreement on a lack of pertinent evidence. A 150 cell blastocyst is just that. No more, no less. Except as a matter of individuals' beliefs.  Btw, I can assure you that there is plenty of factual evidence as to my personhood, that I severely bite back when harmed, and that I possess full legal status to do so, too. Even if the other human being thinks I am but a lamppost. ;)And this speaks to nothing about the differences in a dispute. By your logic the idea that slavery was ok by 50+% of people in the 1800s should have led to everyone just leaving it alone and not trying to get their view passed as law. The notion just doesn't hold up.
You keep drawing these false comparisons. There is no evidence that a 150 cell zygote is a person. All we can agree on is that it is a 150 cell zygote. Even though you are wrong, this wasn't your argument to begin with. Your basic argument was that when something is in dispute we should default to leaving up to an "individual's discretion". I claim this is a poor position to take because it would make any dispute over a right subject to just being tossed aside. I gave the example of slavery because whether or not slavery was ok was a moral question dealing with rights. If we say "well, it's in dispute so just leave it up to 'individual discretion'' is a position I don't think many are willing to accept.  Now if you argument is only that we should leave it up to "individual's discretion" when talking about persons then we really have two issues. Number 1, you already have to know what an individual is before you can tell them they should be able to decide this...thus being a circular statement. Number 2, on what basis is this a good idea? I simply disagree with it as it is arbitrary even for the abortion debate.
No, and I already corrected you on this point. There was another factor I clearly stated from the outset regarding evidence.Evidence of what? Moral belief is often times outside of evidence. If you claim the unborn is not a person then I simply say why should we use your definition of person? Person as defined in the dictionary says an unborn can be called a person. Does that mean anything? Not really but neither does your view.   The same could be said about slavery. If you are just of the belief that blacks should be slaves then there really isn't anywhere you can go with that. There is no evidence that any person that believes that really doesn't believe that. And thus we circle around back to my original point that disregarding in a dispute makes no sense.  One would have to oppose scientific thinking, not to.Science offers no answers on the morality of abortion.
There is only evidence of a 150 cell zygote, with none of the characteristics which we do know give us our own personhood. This, of course, is a matter of opinion. Perhaps to me you don't have the characteristics of what makes someone a person.  That you or I are people, is a matter of fact.What fact? If person is an established word then please tell me why your definition is the right one. Why should we use that definition as opposed to one that says personhood starts at 18 years old?  Slavery is quite another thing. You have clearly evidenced equal human beings whose integrity and worth is discounted because of race, class, ethnicity, gender, etc.  A 150 cell zygote is still, by all accounts, just that. The rest is a matter of belief.It only is "quite another thing" when we use your definition of what a person is. I'm saying why should we use that? The definition of person is merely belief. Your's may be no better than mine. You have no evidence that yours is right and mine wrong in terms of science because there isn't a science answer for this moral question.  However, there is a clear paradigm upon which we can agree -- this is fact --No there isn't. And what you argue here is that only that which is clearly agreed upon is "fact" and true. So when blacks were slaves and this was not clear then how would your argument work? It just wouldn't. Once again we circle around to the same point that disregarding in a dispute makes no sense.
No, identifying a zygote is an matter of fact.   Here is a site I googled that discusses the distinctions between fact and opinion. One can review the material and test themselves on how well they can tell the difference:  http://mrsdell.org/gr2/factopinion.htmlI object to the following as a matter of fact: "with none of the characteristics which we do know give us our own personhood."  Unless you have a proven definition of personhood I'd say your statement was an opinion.
Steeeeve,  Neither of us have provided a clear definition of personhood. Though I assert it is something possessed by every born human being. Its significance denoting rights.  Scrolling down on this link, one can see 2 side-by-side photos -- one, of a 5 day old fertilized embryo, and the next, the person who was born 9 months later. We cannot factually say that the embryo is anything more or less than what we identify it as. We can also factually confirm through the photo that the person born 9 months later is, indeed, a person.If you don't have a proven definition of person then how are you "factually" confirming anything? Your argument begs the question. You assume your definition of person is true and therefore confirm the conclusion. This just doesn't work. If you want to do the looking test then take a look at a 10 week old unborn and see that it looks like your new born baby. Not sure that proves anything but then again I'm not a big fan of the look test.
Well, I trust that the Chicago fertility clinic is not fraudulently posting photos of mannequins, but real babies.Well what does that have anything to do with what I said? You aren't addressing any of my points. Why should we use your definition of person over mine? You argument assumes we just trust you. That just isn't gonna happen.
Steeeeve,  Would you deny that every born human being possesses personhood? Really, let's get past that one. Unless you're about to make an argument on behalf of slavery?I think you miss the point which is you don't have a proven definition of personhood so how are you going to make the idea stick that when two things are in a dispute we should default to ignoring it. As for my person opinion, you really can't say me calling any stage of an unborn a human being is wrong.  [/quote]As to the looking test, to some extent, I agree. For example, the photo of the blastocyst is many times magnified. So realize that what you suppose may be a person -- is not only limited to the characteristics of blastocysts that we DO know exist -- but on an even smaller scale. Just as a 10 week old fetus, in a photograph, looks much larger than actual size, and, by virtue of possessing some of the outer characteristics we associate with born humans (fingers, limbs, etc.), we may easily and mistakenly conclude that certain inner characteristics exist, as well.[/QUOTE]Looking at the picture of that new born baby might mistakenly conclude that it has all the characteristics of an adult. All of this is irrelevant to me because I don't see stage of development being a basis for discrimination.   Every born and living human being is a person, Steeeeve. Do you deny that? Are you arguing on behalf of slavery?I'm denying you can prove that as a definition.   What IS your definition of a person, anyway, Steeeeve? All you've said so far is that you read one in a dictionary, so, it must be right -- and whoever wrote it said that the unborn (meaning, fetuses) were persons. And that MAYBE, for you, some born human beings, are not persons.  So you haven't made any sense, have you, as far as any definition of person is concerned. I've never stated a definition because it isn't relevant to the point I'm arguing against at this current time. I keep getting the feeling you are pushing away from the point I object to which was your argument a many posts ago about leaving it up to the individual.  Btw, the SCOTUS disagrees with whoever wrote that part of your dictionary. Appeal to authority. Fallacy  Are you more than one person? You keep refering to your self in the plural.  However, no, I just assumed you (singular) shared the opinion, like most Americans, that every single born and living human being is a person.So we (we can be used to describe a general population) should just go by what the majority thinks in determining who is a person huh? So if someone says blacks are "inferior humans" and this is the majority opinion does this make it true and moral? Or does that majority (or super majority) thing only work when talking about personhood? I've heard a number of people claim that under 1yr you aren't a person. So perhaps that is in dispute and we should say only those 1y+ are persons. Do you agree with this? Err on the side non-person right?  And I'm asking you once to cut the mocking or this conversation is done. I try to keep it respectful and I'm asking you to do the same.
To me its a question of the mother, not the baby. Women have the right to control their bodies is what it boils down to. To subjugate a woman to her womb is unconscionable. To say a woman must be a vessel for babies against their will relegates them to barnyard status. Women have the same right to follow their own dreams and plans for their lives as men do. They are the only ones who can determine whether or not they carry a baby to term. A thinking, feeling woman cannot be made into a slave of her own body. The only possible way for a woman to be truly independent is for her to control all aspects of her body, reproductive and otherwise.Once again, I think this argument fails when you ask the question about when this supposed "right to control ones body" ends? For example if I use my body to hit your body you naturally say that is wrong. So now you have many examples that a "right to control ones body" doesn't override another right. So if we believe the unborn to be a person (and just assume this for my argument here) then wouldn't we apply the same standard we do with this right? And assuming personhood of the unborn, why would the unborn be subject to death for no fault of his/her own?   My point is, this "right to one's own body" never succeeds as an argument for or against abortion. The question always comes back to what is or isn't a person. If it doesn't then you have some warped or inconsistent rights in my opinion.
Every born and living human being is a person, The problem is that you have been unclear as to what you mean. For example, so what that every born and living being is a person (whatever that means)? What is the advantage of being a person as opposed to being a non-person, and why does this matter in the discussion of abortion? Why must the fetus be a person in order to warrant protection?
Normally I wouldn't respond to bhbcu64 but this one was too funny. Basically I hear that if we just "assume" someone is not a person then you can do whatever you want to them. I can just assume you are not a person and thus beat you up without having anyone else's opinion imposed on me. Afterall, we wouldn't want that!
Using the term "someone" carries a presumption as well.  How can one assume "you" are not a person when adressing them as "you" indicates otherwise?You can be used to address something that is not a person (granted it would be odd) but "someone" is used for a person. This really doesn't address the point I am trying to make. There is no need to change the subject to avoid the point.
Because, among many other reasons, that's what the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution states. Rights attach at birth, not before. Rights are not necessary in order to have legal protection. Your understanding of the Fourteenth Amendment is interesting given the fact that people can be charged with homicide when they cause the death of an unborn fetus.  Now tell us why the pregnant woman should be a slave to her fetus. I will not participate in a debate which tries to turn the definition of slavery on its head.  But I will say that a pregnant woman should not be permitted to kill her child for the same reason that a non pregnant mother should not be permitted to kill hers.  Then tell us why you would trust a child to a woman who you feel is incapable of making a choice. Incapable of making what choice? People are capable of making many choices. This does not mean we always allow them to make such choices. Murder and theft come quickly to mind.
I happen to agree with you that the unborn will become a person if allowed to be carried full term. But the decision as to whether or not that will happen rests only with the mother. The ability of a woman to control her reproductive rights is paramount to her individual freedom. It is up to the individual who must carry the physical and mental responsibility of the pregnancy to choose whether or not to do so. Any rights that the unborn will or won't have must be subordinate to the free will of the woman who would bare the 'burden'.This is sidestepping the point you made. Answer me this, if it wasn't debated that the unborn is a person then would you say the woman still have a right to her own body that overrides and right the unborn person has? If the answer is yes then wouldn't your right to your own body override my right not to be injured by you? If not then you either supported unequal rights for people (which you have to explain) or you are just inconsistent with your thoughts. Do you disagree with this?
I was addressing the fact that you found it funny to proceed from assumption and yet you expect your own assumption to be given weight despite the fact that it is purely dogmatic.I don't presume my assumption to be true in my statement...which is why I specifically say "assume". The person I was addressing was stating it as a matter of fact without first proving so. Did you wish to address the point now that this is cleared up?
Murder and theft, as CUNx has reminded you many times, involves another person. This was not the point at issue.  There's no other person until birth. Not even 1 nanosecond before birth?
There seems to be no explanation for why "person" cannot be determined by the other after birth but can be determined by the mother before birth.   I've also gotten no explanation for why a supposed "right to ones own body" trumps a right to life even if we just assume the unborn is without a doubt a person and at the same time that "right to ones own body" does not trump a born persons right to life.
The question of "person" is a metaphysical concept that must be left to each individual woman depending on her own morals and value system. You were so definite that born = person. Now it is up to a woman? Can my mother declare me not to be a person right now!?   Your assumptions about what constitutes a "person" as one yet to be born might be valid for you, but that is by no means a universal, nor should it be."Your assumption about what constitutes a "person" as one after birth might be valid to you, but that is by no means a universal, nor should it be."  How is that logic any different?   This has gone in circles with no one answering the questions.
The only thing I can add to this discussion is that, up to now, in law, rights have been given to born people only, with the assumption that all born people are persons. This isn't entirely true. You can get a double murder count if you kill a pregnant woman. But law and morality is often different. I'd say our thought on it has been rather inconsistent. Even more so when we look at countries that promote killing up to one year of age.  Since the concept of personhood has thus been vaguelly but not specifically defined, there is a lot of disagreement on whether the concept of person with rights applies to the unborn. I'm not even worried about this right now and I ask that you don't derail the current discussion I am having which isn't really dealing with what a person is but the inconsistent view that the supposed "right to ones own body" can trump a right to life (among other rights) of an unborn but not a born human.
It seems clear that no man is entitled to any opinion whatsoever on the issue. If a particular pregnant woman asks, he may offer his comment; otherwise, it's MYOB, Jack.emoticon_smile I have no choice but to conclude that you are perfectly fine with women choosing to terminate their pregnancy just moments before birth; that you see that particular instance no differently than if she were choosing to remove her appendix or trim her hair.  I am just glad that society has thus far rejected such a low view of human dignity. They may not have consistently applied the principle of human value, but they have at least emphatically rejected your manifesto of absolute autonomy, which has evidently led you to a hearty defense of infanticide.  However questionable it may be that the youngest human embryo is a person with inherent value, and therefore rights, there can be no question that killing a fetus nanoseconds before birth is, in fact, killing a human person. You are OK with that; I, and many, many others thankfully are not.
I personally do feel that the unborn are alive and will be a person but I do believe that the mother will ALWAYS have to come first. I personally hate that there have to be abortions and wish that it wasn't the case. But until another remedy is found that ensures a woman won't become a slave to her own body, abortion must remain an option. Without that option it would be impossible for there to be 'equal' rights between the sexes. So yes, there are unequal rights if you look at it like a baby=1 whole person.This sidesteps the point again so I'll repeat myself: "If it wasn't debated that the unborn is a person then would you say the woman still have a right to her own body that overrides and right the unborn person has? If the answer is yes then wouldn't your right to your own body override my right not to be injured by you? If not then you either supported unequal rights for people (which you have to explain) or you are just inconsistent with your thoughts. Do you disagree with this?"  Whether the unborn is or isn't a person is not what I'm asking about...I'm proposing a hypothetical.
The double-murder-count law is fairly recent, pushed on by the pro-life side. I don't know this to be true but you were referring to our lifetime and it has been around awhile.  Apparently, even most pro-choice proponents support restrictions on abortion rights in the third trimester, so your opponents do not represent the majority pro-choice view.If we listed everyones opinion on abortion and when it should or shouldn't be allowed we would have about a million different points.
Well, that depends now - are you typing from inside CUNxTime's womb?  It's absurd to strip away vital context and demand your opponent defend a generalisation. It's as if you are asking CUNxTime, an advocate of incarceration of criminals, to justify his 'right to lock people up' in the general case rather than the specific:  "If it wasn't debated that criminals are persons, would you say the state still has a right to incarcerate them that overrides their right to freedom? If the answer is yes, wouldn't that right override my right to freedom as an innocent person?"  No, Steeeeve, it wouldn't, because of context.For one harping on context you sure did miss the context of what I was discussing.   I am arguing that the supposed (and I say supposed because it isn't a real right in my opinion) right to "ones own body" is an irrelevant point in the abortion debate because that "right" has never overrode a right to life or any other infringement of a right to someone else. The only way you make a "right to ones own body" work is if you first determine the unborn to not be a person. I also don't understand the idea that the woman can determine this. A woman can't determine if you are a person after birth so once again the view is inconsistent. Normally when I see an inconsistent view it is a result of, what I call, result-based thinking. The conclusion is set and the person tries to find a way to achieve that conclusion. Such is often the case in the abortion debate.
I don't understand the logic, if there is logic. What you've described isn't an abortion, it's a birth. I'm not sure how you can say that terminating a pregnancy moments before birth is not an abortion, but rather a birth.
Why would a woman want this, however? It's a truly bizarre scenario. This entire discussion is a philosophical discussion. And my point is that if one's philosophical view would permit infanticide, then we might do well to reconsider that philosophy if we think infanticide to be immoral and worthy of prohibition.  The only thing that you can conclude is that it is none of my, your, or the law's business interfering with whatever choice the pregnant woman makes, nothing more, nothing less. It was, of course, Justice Taney who said that the negro had "no rights which the white man was bound to respect." You have not said anything different, except your discrimination is based on stage of development rather than skin color. You have said that the unborn fetus at no stage has any rights which born people are bound to respect.  If she chooses to carry her pregnancy to term, that's not any of our business. If she chooses to terminate that pregnancy, that is equally none of our business. Get it? MYOB!! Taney told everyone that if people choose not to own slaves, that's not any of our business. He also said that if a person chooses to own slaves, that is equally none of our business. In other words, Taney's view was, "Mind your own business." The problem is that Taney was wrong. It was everyone's business whether a person owned slaves, and it is equally everyone's business whether a mother would terminate her pregnancy nanoseconds before birth.
NO!!  What I have said, notwithstanding your rather feeble attempt to mischaracterize it, is that each woman has to make the decision for herself, free of the law's constraints. As was the case with slavery. Every person had the liberty to decide whether to own slaves or not free of the law's constraints. Was that a good thing? Should the laws have been changed?  Do you or do you not think that the law should prevent a woman from terminating her pregnancy nanoseconds before birth? Does the unborn fetus posess moral rights 1 nanosecond before its birth? Those are two very simple questions, and I hope that you elect to answer them. You said rights attach at birth, not before. I have not mischaracterized your view for the simple reason that I quoted you verbatim; but if you really feel that I have, you have the opportunity to clarify your view.  As STEEEVE put it so well: there are a million points of view on the topic, and the law ill serves the people if it chooses one over all the rest.emoticon_xangel For one who accuses others of mischaracterizations, you certainly don't mind doing it yourself. I'm fairly certain that you have bent and twisted steeeeve's words to reach a conclusion that you personally like. But come to think of it, that's not unlike your view on abortion.
Or, alternatively, you cease to treat the specific relationship between mother and foetus as if it were indistinguishable from your relationship with CUNxTime. You allow context to play its part, just as you do when you revoke certain rights of a criminal without first or ever needing to define them as a non-person.Taking away rights under the law is not the same as natural rights for one. Furthermore, when a legal right is taken from a criminal they are still a person. The comparison doesn't follow.   If you feel there is a false dichotomy taking place then please show it.
I do think that abortion is killing something. If it were decided that it was a 'person' I would still say that the mother has a right to choose.Really? Then why can't I choose to kill you? Are you suggesting we can treat people differently...or rather grant them different natural rights?   As I said, the mother will always come first. Otherwise, women could never be on equal terms with men.How does it not make them on equal terms with men? Seems that allowing the abortion would grant the power to kill to a woman and not a man thus making it unequal.   But the fact is that if you make a woman slave to accidents in reproduction she'll never be totally in control of her life.You mean if you make woman responsible for her actions she won't be in control of her life. Two thins with this, no one is in complete control of their life and if you allow abortion you say that person has no control of their life. You rank persons in terms of importance. Tell me how that is equal? Tell me where in history has telling some people they have rights and other people they don't ever worked? It didn't work in the holocaust or slavery or in Africa or in Asia and it doesn't work for abortion.   I do think there are 'unequal rights' for people.Then why were you so upset that the woman was to be unequal? Now inequality is ok?   I think criminals give up rights. I think people who chose certain occupations give up some rights (pilots can't drink whenever they want). Kids are subject to the parents authority. I'm not saying that there could be hypothetical unequal rights, there ARE unequal rights, now. A woman must make the choice as to whether or not she'll carry the burden pregnancy, person or not. It is an inconsistent thought though. You claim they should have the choice to kill a person (assuming person) to maintain equality but say that no equality exists. Funny you bring up criminals. How did a criminal have that right revoked? It was a consequence of the criminals action. Now, if a woman gets pregnant on her own terms why do you feel no consequence is to be observed? Why now do the rules change? If you instead compare the criminal to the unborn then what has the unborn done to deserve a loss or rights? What is the injustice done? The unborn had no choice in the matter at all!  Now if the woman chooses to carry the baby, she has then given up certain rights to the baby and must take care of it (or give it up for adoption or whatever). But the initial choice, is unquestionably up to her.Why does it change at birth? Seems extremely arbitrary that all of a sudden at birth the burden upon the woman is not enough to justify death of the child. What is the reasoning for this sudden change?
It is BECAUSE there are a "million different points" that the law ought not to take one and hold it above all others. There are millions of different points of view on when theft is theft. Should we just leave that up to the thief? No law on it :)  Rights endowed by our Creator are not subject to point of view of masses.
Unless it is the rights of gay people, then they are subject to the masses. Right?No, all the rights endowed to them by the Creator are not subject to the masses. You still have them no matter what. Now, a government can deny them or vote them away from you but that doesn't mean you are not entitled to them.  Perhaps "subject" is a bad choice of words.
Steeeve,  Do you or do you not think that the law should prevent a woman from terminating her pregnancy nanoseconds before birth? Does the unborn fetus posess moral rights 1 nanosecond before its birth?  No and no.  Clear enough?  There are those who believe a person is present from the nanosecond of conception and can cite moral and ethical reasons for their belief.  I do not consider them immoral. Wrong, but not immoral.  There are those who believe a person does not exist until birth and they too can cite moral and ethical reasons for their belief as well.  I do not consider them immoral, either. Wrong, perhaps, but not immoral.  In light of your "million positions", this is an area where the law dare not give one set of morals the sanction of law over another.  Ultimately, the choice must be left with the woman involved. So you consider infanticide moral and right?? Pathetic!!! This is exactly the idiocy of convenience!!
[QUOTE=bhbcu64;307061]bassman,  So you consider infanticide moral and right??   How on earth did you get that from anything I posted?Would you like me to refresh your memory??  If a woman's belief system, perhaps but not necessarily grounded in Genesis 2 where Adam is not alive until God breathes life into him, does not believe there is an infant until it is born, I will support that woman's POV. She should not be forced to carry her fetus to term. Which is dead wrong and distorts the meaning and context of the scripture in question. If another woman's belief system tells her that there is a child present from the moment of conception, I will support that woman's POV as well. She should not be forced into an early termination of her pregnancy.Yet you advocate the heinous and barbaric practice of partial-birth abortion. And that IS infanticide!  What I will never support is the law forcing either one to live under the system of the other.Hypocrite! You claim to be pro-choice, yet you deride anyone who disagrees with you. Oh wait! This is exactly what I expect from the pro-aborts.  Steeve, from now on, I will cite your posts by number as they appear.:xbangheadAll you have to do is click the "Quote" button.
Silly goose, I don't support anything but the right of a woman to make whatever determination she chooses regarding the continuation or termination of her pregnancy. As a man, I am not entitled to an opinion on so personal a subject.Horse*hit! I bet you wouldn't sing the same tune if you were the father of said child.
Steeeve,  Do you or do you not think that the law should prevent a woman from terminating her pregnancy nanoseconds before birth? Does the unborn fetus posess moral rights 1 nanosecond before its birth?  No and no.  Clear enough? Frighteningly clear enough.  In light of your "million positions", this is an area where the law dare not give one set of morals the sanction of law over another. I do not have a view regarding a "million positions," but I must say that I cannot find any role for government under your view. Not a role for prohibiting things like murder and theft, nor do I see a role for government in prohibiting things like slavery. When one's philosophical view leads to conclusions such as these, one might be wise to re-examine one's philosophy lest he come across as supplanting reasoned logic with mere personal preference.  Ultimately, the choice must be left with the woman involved. Indeed, and the choice to terminate a child's life must always remain with the woman; even after the birth of that child. Disagree? I doubt you can, but if you can live with such philosophical contradictions, why would you disagree?
Good I will be linking this view of yours in the future. What you say will be used against you.Used against me? I never denied this.   Surely you refer to this in terms of gay marriage. Considering I don't believe gay marriage is a right I don't see how my words do you any good.
Because...? Rights exist outside of government.  That's precisely why the comparison does follow.Well if you wish to say this then tell me what crime the unborn has done to deserve having legal rights removed.  You've been trying to railroad CUNxTime into declaring a foetus a non-person by saying that if we don't declare a foetus a non-person, the woman's right to control her own body overriding the foetus's right to live would lead to a slippery slope whereby CUNxTime's right to wield his fist would override your right not to be injured by him.  Here you are, saying that:  This is a false dichotomy because we don't need to resort to declaring a foetus a non-person in order to give the woman's rights priority. There is no slippery slope; the relationship that exists between a woman and her foetus is unambiguous and is in no danger of being confused in law with your relationship with CUNxTime.I think you mistaken as I asked CUNxTime to assume person thus taking that out of the argument. I presented a question to CUNxTime which was open ended and did not require a choice between set number of answers. You can read the conversation further if you are unclear on it.   I brought up incarceration of criminals to illustrate this point: we can easily revoke one person's rights (a criminal) while preserving another's (a non-criminal) without having to resort to declaring the former a non-person in order to do it.There are a few issues with this. For starters I never said you have to declare someone a non-person to revoke rights. Second, if you use are going to say the unborn has rights but are revoked then why is a trial not given as is done with every legal right that is revoked? Since we are talking in terms of law, a criminal is given due process before a legal right is revoked. If the example is to be preserved in terms of legal rights then the same standard needs to be applied to revoke them. Is this not the case?
You could, if our ship sank and the only way for me to live was for you to swim, dragging me to shore while performing mouth to mouth the whole time, you'd be within your right to let me drown. The fetus is completely Dependant on a fully formed, thinking person who must have the choice as to whether they will carry and care for the unborn. Again, without the right to control her reproductive system, a woman would be an unequal member of society as compared to males. Society could never even pretend to have equal rights if that existed so there goes your theory out the window anyway. It just so happens that a fetus, inside someone has to have their permission to be brought to term. We aren't talking about life and death here (and don't bring up the insanely rare case where the mother's life is at stake). It would be more like the ship sank and we are on the life raft together just fine only you can row because you broke both your arms. I don't think this gives me the right to just throw you to the sharks just because I have to use more energy to get you back to shore. In any event, a 1yr old is completely dependent on the mother or caretaker. If adoption is not immediately available or too burdensome then can I kill the child?   A woman can accidentally get pregnant anytime she has sex. Men can do whatever they want and never have to worry about it (and believe me, if men could carry babies, there would never have been laws against abortion). If abortion was illegal, then a woman would either have to abstain from sex or risk being FORCED to carry a baby she doesn't want, possibly ruining her career and/or many other life goals, going through the pain of birth, then either having to raise the baby or give it up, possibly causing both mental anguish now and later. That's why. Women would never be in complete control of their life.This was never the case more many years. The only thing that changed when abortion was legal was that unborn persons were now allowed to be killed. There is no matter of equality. Abortion doesn't allow anything to be equal...only unequal.   We tell people they don't have the same rights as someone else all the time. A pregnancy can happen even if all precautions are used. The sentient, formed, woman can't be forced to grow something in her body that she doesn't want in there. In any dispute there is a winner and a loser. In this case the 'soon to be person' can't force someone to pay that kind of price to give them birth. The 'baby' doesn't have control of their life. They can't survive without the full support of the mother's body. This forms a relationship that must be voluntarily entered into by the person who is being completely 'used' as the life giver.It is never voluntarily by the person that you think should be allowed to be killed. If full dependency means you get all your rights removed then I question why we can't kill those fully dependent when born. This could include the handicapped, very young, elderly, and those temporarily unable to help themselves. You can't decide who should or shouldn't get natural rights.   For a completely dependent unformed insentient being that can't survive without complete aid from the mother.  Its the same reason we can unplug the machines keeping people alive! When someone's a veg. its fine to unplug the machine. Think of the mother of that machine.But you would admit the treatment is unequal. You would be killing one for no reason. I just don't understand why equality has to be important for the woman but for the unborn it is not important. It seems you wish to treat all persons differently.
No, they don't. Rights are part of the citizen/government contract.   Note that a government may be contractually obliged (to its citizens) to extend certain rights to all (including non-citizens) if such is the basis of the contract. I disagree and lucky for us so did our founding fathers.  I don't need to, since I was not offering criminality as justification for abortion. I was using the example of crime to illustrate how we can distinguish between persons for the purposes of assigning or revoking rights without having to declare one or other a non-person.Since you are for logical fallacies then this one would be called a strawman since I never made the argument that the only way to remove a right is to declare something a non-person.  I'm not mistaken or unclear in the slightest. Re-examine the quotes I posted above: you argued that if a foetus is a person, prioritising the woman's right to control her own body over the life of the foetus must logically lead to CUNxTime's right to wield his fist overriding your right not to be injured by him. I ask a question of CUNxTime. I do not say he must take that view...turns out he didn't. You simply mistake what you have read.  The alternatives you offered CUNxTime claim to exhaust the possibilities, but do not. Specifically, your rhetorical question:It wasn't rhetorical. You could answer "no, because x y and z". There was no exhaust of possibilities.   I know. You merely drew a false logical conclusion from what would happen if we didn't declare a foetus a non-person, with the implication that we must in order to avoid a slippery-slope where CUNxTime ends up getting to punch you whenever he feels like it.Given the argument "a woman has the right to her own body which goes above any right a unborn person might have" I don't see many other ways to look at it but I asked for more. I ask why this right exists in some cases but not others. This is fair questioning as far as i am concerned. My only claim is that at some point you have to explain the difference in treatment and I have not been given a reason that makes sense.   You are equivocating. Trials are conducted to establish guilt. The consequences - including rights being revoked - are not determined by the trial but by law. It would only be worth granting a foetus a trial if there were a chance it might not actually be a foetus or the woman carrying it might not be its mother.Trials do include legal rights that are revoked. What do you think sentencing does? You can be put to death or not which is determined by a jury sometimes. In any event, you swing back around to the original question of why is it wrong to be a fetus in the first place? What makes this situation worthy of removing legal rights? Do you get back to the "right to your own body" argument? If so, then I ask the same questions again about why this is applied in an inconsistent manner.
Whether you disagree matters not at all: unless you can call for arbitration on an issue you do not have a right. How is that true? I just disagree.  I created no strawman. You clearly expressed your belief that unless we declare a foetus to be a non-person, the primacy of a woman's right to her own body over that foetus would logically lead to your rights being trampled. That fallacy is all I called attention to.This is inaccurate. I disagree that I declared "you have to say someone is a non-person to remove rights".   You phrased it as rhetorical. As it happens, I did answer 'no, because x y and z', and you don't seem to like it very much.Now you know it isn't rhetorical...but since you answered (and I don't recall asking you the question anyway) I wonder why you thought it was rhetorical in the first place.   I think sentencing, which is carried out after the trial has concluded and guilt has been established proceeds according to the legal statutes, which may permit a degree of latitude on the part of the judge or jury.Even guilt it determined by the law (guilt it terms of law that is). I don't see your point.  The potentially intolerable burden upon the mother, and the biological status of the foetus.Would you say an intolerable burden may potentially exist after birth? Furthermore, what biological question do you refer to? Finally, the poster I was addressing only claimed that the answer to this question is that the right of your own body is above the right of any unborn. So once again that is the logic I am refuting. You can't change the argument and then claim the arguments I made make no sense.   It's not applied in an inconsistent manner. It's applied in a context-sensitive manner, just as many other laws are applied. It would only be inconsistent if it applied differently under identical circumstances.Identical circumstances is what the issue is. When you say "right to ones own body is above the right to a unborn" as an argument for abortion then you can't add arguments or you render the original argument useless. You get to the point where you ask "why does is this true in this case but not this case" and the answer comes to a different argument. For example you could say "well the unborn is not a person". So the real argument is not that you have a right to your own body above that of the unborn but rather an unborn is not a person and therefore has no rights as a person. But when you give reasons like "too much burden" then you can apply that equally and identically to a one year old and yet we come out with a different answer. The standard then becomes too complicated and it makes it seem that the conclusion is reached and a means to get there is trying to be found.
It may, but it's a different type of burden. Being pregnant is a very serious burden. Women go through huge physical changes. It's a stress and strain on her internal organs and she requires medical care. Only a man could come up with your argument, Steeeve. You should maybe take one of those sensitivity classes, in which men wear special suits that simulate pregnancy. Perhaps all men should, actually.  Your sexist comments are not needed on this forum.
Phyllis,  Indeed, and the choice to terminate a child's life must always remain with the woman; even after the birth of that child.   Nice try, working the word "child" into your post to indicate that you equate a fetus with a person. I do indeed attribute a fetus that is 1 nanosecond from birth with the status of person, something that is, as far as I am concerned, obvious.  Though you certainly dodged my point, which was that your view logically leads to the mother having the moral right to kill a child after it has been born.  As steeeve told us, in a post that has somehow been deleted, there are a million positions on the topic. He has also said, in posts that somehow have not been deleted, that there are also a million positions on theft. Therefore, so what?   By the way, the post has not been deleted.  Why not tell us why yours shoud have the approbation of the law above all others. Because mine is the right view, of course. Human beings have inherent dignity, value, and rights attributed to them by their Creator, not their government. They do not acquire that dignity, value, or rights by some magical attribute after birth or by the emotional state of another human being.  Just what makes your particular and peculiar position more moral than the other 999,999?emoticon_angry Because morality is absolute, and any position that conforms with that absolute standard of morality is more moral than any position that does not so conform. Since my position conforms with the absolute standard of morality, and the other 999,999 do not, my position is more moral than those positions.  But I really do not see your point. In fact, I doubt you really have a point.
The pointt was that, since only women can get pregnant, they have a perspective that men can never share. It was sexist and I could just as easily say a man is the only person independent enough to make a decision on the matter logically. I don't think either argument is any good.  Even if, at some future date, a legislature should have a female majority in a state with a female governor, that state's laws cannot be allowed to intrude on a woman's choice as regards her pregnancy.Your views on the subject are inconsistent and as such I see no reason to believe this.
He has also said, in posts that somehow have not been deleted, that there are also a million positions on theft. Therefore, so what?  You are right, it wasn't deleted and is here: http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=306915&postcount=233
Obviously you do not have absolute morality; This could only be obvious and true if morality (by which I mean moral truth) is absolute.  (I refues to use the word "sin" because that is nothing more than a human construct designed to keep people in line.) Crime is merely a human construct to keep people in line. Guess you're going to have to find another word.  While you are at it, kindly describe for the forum a single rule of "morality" that has been true at all times, in all places, and for all people. You shall not murder.  How are you on the Death Penalty, BTW? I'm fine on it. How about yourself?
It doesn't matter if you disagree. You can claim to have any rights you like, but the only rights you have are those guaranteed in the government/citizen contract. The founding fathers wrote the original contract, and each subsequent government is signatory to it. They may well have included rights they believed were 'god-given', but you only have those rights because they are stipulated in the contract.  Do you appreciate the reality of this? A right only exists if you can demand satisfaction from an authority.I just don't think this is true and it isn't that way because you say so. I do agree that government can protect rights and should do so and can create "legal rights" and grant or remove those. I don't believe, as declared in the DoI, that rights are endowed by our government.  In the first bolded section, you specify a hypothetical: a foetus is a person, no question. In the second bolded section, you express your disbelief that we could avoid inconsistencies and conflicts were foetal personhood not in question. Now you're saying you can and always could appreciate that there is no inconsistency, no risk of a slippery slope. So what was the purpose of posing the question if you already knew the answer?  If you didn't want to give the impression you thought declaring a foetus to be a non-person was mandatory for abortion to occur, why did you construct an argument expressing your disbelief that it could work any other way?What does this have to do with what you claimed I claimed? Nothing there suggest this. I think we just have to agree to disagree because to debate this is pointless.  Now you're just being deliberately evasive. You asked why we don't give foetuses a trial. I explained: We have a law that says if you meet criteria X you incur or are entitled to Y. We have a trial to establish whether X is true in a specific case, that is all. Unless there is some doubt that a foetus is a foetus or the woman bearing it is its mother, there is no purpose to be served by a trial.Whether there is any doubt is not reason for a trial. There is no "right to trial if and only if doubt exists". In any event, I think the point is crazy because being a fetus is not illegal.   Yes, which is why children may be removed from their parents or given up for adoption. It just so happens that doing this during the first or second trimester destroys the foetus.Why can't the mother kill them as done in abortion? Because there is another option? If so, what if that option is not immediately available?   Unsuccessfully.Here I thought we were having a reasonable discussion and you throw in a petty insult. If this is the way you choose to debate then don't waste my time.  I haven't changed the argument. You appear to be trying to by contradicting yourself, but that's hardly my fault.I mean you change the targeted argument or modify it slightly or add other details. I don't think this can be done when arguing against a single argument. Also, what contradiction?  You weren't comparing identical circumstances. You compared a mother and her foetus with you and CUNxTime.In terms of that argument they were identical circumstances. I don't believe one can add details that aren't effected by the argument at hand.  You're trying to say they're identical because both circumstances involve two people, but that's just question-begging. You're looking for something the situations have in common, and then holding that commonality up and saying 'look, if we judge based on this factor I've deliberately chosen to engineer the problem, the law is unsafe because it applies too generally'. I showed this was silly by doing the same with you and a criminal: I look for something you have in common with the criminal (personhood) and then say 'look, we cannot discriminate between these two persons so any law of incarceration is unsafe'.Here you take the argument and expand it beyond its meaning. You claim only legal rights why I am speaking of moral ones. If you don not believe in such then that is fine but I don't have to follow your rules when debating. The argument was regarding a "right to body" over a "right to life" and whether or not this is applied equally to persons. In the event of a criminal no right is overriding a right and criminals had the same "rules" to follow as every person did. When you add circumstances to the argument I make they need to be in context of the argument itself. I believe you have strayed from that and try to get me to argue something I am not.   Now that you've insisted that you do understand it's possible to discriminate on the basis of something other than personhood when it comes to revoking or superceding rights, where are you planning to take the argument you based on it not being possible?Again I believe you misjudge my stance and do not take into account the original argument.
Pardon me, but your doublestandarditis is showing.  If you are pro-DP, at least have the moral integrity to shed the "prolife" label and admit to the forum that you are "prosomelife".emoticon_angry I find it humorous that you say I have a double standard, while admitting that you do not know my views on the death penalty.  BTW, if it is always wrong to murder, and if you are proDP, then it must necessarily follow that you are willing to see women led to the execution chamber for the "crime" of "murdering" their "babies" via abortion. My answer, as it has been throughout, is no, it does not necessarily follow.  Will you now agree that your morality admits of no distinction between the woman who aborts her "child" and a serial killer? No.  Now, the question that is most on my mind (and I would guess many others as well) at this point is this: why the heck do you refuse to use the quote feature on these forums?
If you're "fine" on the DP, that would sound to most people that you favor it, I think.emoticon_angry No, what my response was meant to say was that my view on the death penalty is fine. I have not said what that view is, though I can understand how you interpreted it the way you did. I happen to think that whether the death penalty to be moral and permissable is a separate question from whether abortion is moral and permissible.  Please resolve for the forum the "absolute morality" attached to being anti-abortion and pro-capital punishment.  Sounds like cognitive dissonance to me. Whether someone is holding a double standard depends upon their philosophy. I cannot rule out that somebody's philosophy is large enough to accommodate both views. It also seems likely to me that many people have such a philosophy because many people hold fast to both of these views.
I agree that some people may indeed hold to both the anti-choice and pro-DP positions.  By so doing, however, they forfeit the appellation of "Right-to-Life". Under similar principles, I suppose that any person who opposes the death penalty, but who also supports an individual's (perhaps even their very own) use of lethal force where necessary to protect themselves, or who supports the killing of foreign enemies in any circumstance likewise forfeits the appellation of "Anti Death Penalty."  They are indeed righttosomelife, and reserve to themselves the right to decide which life. Similarly, the individuals in my hypothetical are indeed antisomedeathpenalty, and reserve to themselves the right to decide when to apply the death penalty.  Therefore, I don't really see the point in all of this.
Our posts are getting too long so I have chosen not to respond to some things. If I missed something please just ask me to answer it.  To claim that they are endowed by anyone else you would need to prove the existence of said authority. To prove they are guaranteed by anyone else you would need to further prove that said authority can be prevailed upon to arbitrate.I stated it was a belief and if I didn't then I am now :). But my belief derives morality. I don't use the law as a basis for morality.   The question you posed clearly indicated skepticism that a consistent application of law was possible if a foetus's status as a person was not in doubt. I am not responsible for your choice of words, and I am confident any observer would agree with my interpretation of them.Well if my words were taken that way let me just clear it up by saying I do not refer to the law because something could be consistent with the law yet the law can be inconsistent itself.   If you did not intend to express such skepticism, then I have to ask: what was the purpose of the question? If you believe it possible to revoke or overrule an unborn's rights without first declaring it a non-person, what did you hope to gain by posing a hypothetical where the foetus's personhood was not in doubt?To avoid the personhood argument altogether actually. In other words, I didn't want to get an answer to the "rights of mother over rights of ____" to be "because _____ is not a person". So the hypothetical was merely to see if the situation changes given an equal platform of "personhood" and whether or not that is consistent.   Hopefully that makes more sense.  Fine, have it your way: force every woman seeking an abortion to prove in a court of law that she is the mother and the foetus she is carring is a foetus, thus demonstrating that the appropriate law applies and she is eligable for an abortion. Will that make you feel better?Actually, it would but obviously in a more reasonable manner. If states could actually vote on the issue I'd probably at least feel some sense of justice on one level.   Then suffering will ensue, just as it may if abortion is not immediately available. Are you trying to argue that because the system isn't perfect it should be discarded?I'm arguing it should strive to be consistent with itself and moral. So should one be able to kill the child if adoption is not immediately available?   And you have so far provided no justification for making this arbitrary generalisation. I maintain that there is no ambiguity, no riskiness, no slippery-slope inherent in a law which singles out the circumstances of a mother and her foetus. There is no chance of such a law being used by CUNxTime to defend a physical assault on your person, so why are you trying to say there is?I don't claim a slippery-slope that will cause me to be allowed to assault someone, I merely claim that the argument given is not consistent.  Oh, but there is. A criminals rights are infringed by incarceration, on the grounds that the rights of others will be thus better preserved.I disagree that this is a right of one overriding another right. The right to be protected by the government? I don't think that is a right. Then again, we disagree on what rights are.
I didn't imply you should. Rather the reverse. The point I'm making is that when you speak of rights, there are attendant practicalities you cannot merely wave aside. You claim that some rights are not endowed by government (or any other human authority). That is untrue. For you to have a right, there must be a signatory authority to whom you can appeal to have that right upheld. If that is not the case, you do not have that right, merely an opinion as to what you ought to be entitled.There really is no where we can go with this...I simply disagree.   Which rather begs the question why? Is it because you find it difficult to argue against that answer?No, perhaps I didn't explain this well enough in the last post. It serves a few purposes. One, to see if a consistent thought is given. Two, to show why "minding your own business" is not a valid argument if one takes my belief. Three, to show that, in fact, the argument on abortion really does/should come down to the question of "person" (leaving out this option exhausts all others).  You simply can't argue every argument on a subject at once.  Then women seeking abortion would simply travel to an amenable state. But it doesn't just fail on a practical level: why do you believe the decision is more appropriately made at state level? You've switched from excluding context and arguing based on shared personhood to including irrelevant context such as geographical location.I switched to a more "constitutional" mindset. Even if abortion was available in Kansas (ha) and not Texas I would still feel Kansas was wrong. Don't get me wrong, this is why I said "feel some sense" as opposed to feeling all better. I believe it is a state question because of the 10th amendment.   This is really off the topic though.  What a bizarre non-sequitur.Then let me explain again. An argument I heard (paraphrased) was that the undue burden is a reason why abortion must be allowed and that when the child is born and an undue burden happens then adoption is allowed. So much question is what happens if adoption is not immediately available? Would killing the child be ok? Obviously in the case of pregnancy the option isn't available for 9+- months.   So now you've abandoned the 'assault' slippery slope and replaced it with the 'killing a child because adoption isn't available' slippery slope. My response is the same: the law is clear and unambiguous and is in no danger of being interpreted as a license to kill children whenever convenient. Either demonstrate otherwise or cease and desist the false analogies.I do not speak of the law here because the law doesn't have to follow a consistent path nor a moral one (but I believe it should do both). I'm speaking on a pure moral basis.   Not at all. You were arguing just before that your right not to be injured by CUNxTime should override his right to control his body. I don't think the right to "control his body" exists....at least in the context we speak of here.
So you were just being evasive, and I was right to interpret your words as I did.  In any case you've already torpedoed yourself by insisting that rights may be selectively revoked based on other criteria. So by your own reasoning it doesn't come down to personhood.That doesn't make sense. I disagree that I claimed you have to say someone is a non-person to remove rights. I do say the issue of abortion comes down to the issue of personhood. Those two statements do not have to contradict each other. Again, I believe you misunderstand my words.  Why are you asking me this? Do you think I'm going to say yes? Do you think me saying no helps you in any way?I'm just asking. I'm getting the idea you think I'm more cunning than I am. I have no secret strategy :).  Any foetus may be terminated prior to a given gestation date. That facility is extended to mothers on the grounds that prior to that date termination of the pregnancy is, all things considered, a tolerable solution. Beyond that point it is not considered tolerable, because of physiological changes in the foetus. End of story.What do you mean by physiological changes to the fetus?   Then your complaint is that your personal morals are not reflected in the law.No, again, I am not speaking in terms of law here.  All you're succeeding in demonstrating here is how and why you can't square your morals with abortion. You're choosing to exclude context, choosing to exclude the physiological state of a foetus as opposed to a fully developed child, and essentially saying 'if I pretend a foetus is indistinguishable from me, I can't figure out how to make it OK to abort a foetus without making it OK to kill me too'. Well, yeah, if I pretended the same things I wouldn't be able to do it either :)Which is exactly my point. We consider, for our purposes discussed here, that a 1yr old child is no different than a 40yr old adult. With the issue of abortion it is considered by some that the fetus is different enough to not get the protection of life. So this isn't exactly a question of right to control ones own body over a right to life but really a question of what most call "personhood".   Again you have to remember that this started by me arguing that a certain argument is poor...it had nothing to do with an overall argument on the issue of abortion.  So you admit the slippery slope argument you proposed earlier is spurious. Good.No, I admit I never made a slippery slope argument.
No there is a difference and trying to say that allowing abortion will lead to the 'right' to terminate children after birth is just ridiculous. Once a woman CHOOSES have the baby she has assumed certain responsibilities. Once she takes those responsibilities she must legally and morally uphold her end. Of course, she could give the baby up for adoption or whatever. But this initial choice is the woman's. Once she does choose to have a child she MUST take care of it or face the consequences. But because of those consequences (and the physical ones as well) the woman must have the opportunity to make that choice of her own free will.Why can't it be said that choice is made prior to having sex?  Person or not, a woman can't be forced to use her body to incubate something for 9 months and then potentially be responsible for that for another 18 years. Decisions like that MUST be voluntary.What about if a woman had no choice for 9 months after birth? In other words, adoption wasn't available. Would this same rule apply? Seems given the first quote you would say no because all of a sudden an obligation is there. So what is the standard here?
So you're making a special case for abortion, yes?No, it is consistent across the board. You seem to be thinking I am saying something I am not.  I recommend reading up on the subject. Google 'foetal development'.Surely you know what I am asking here...  I mean what "physiological changes to the fetus?" do you think matter? Why do they matter? And isn't this getting at the question of "personhood" and not "choice"?  If you're not commenting on the extant abortion law, what are we discussing?Morality.  We discriminate between persons based on other criteria all the time; you've admitted as much, yes? So your leap from 'different enough' to 'non-person' is unfounded.No, I don't admit this.  But OK, let's entertain that leap as reasonable for a moment - where does it get you? We're still using a consistent, medical judgement of eligability for abortion, so your slippery slope arguments (killing children, justifying assault) still don't apply.For the last time you are confusing what I said and I am not arguing a slippery slope.  You still seem to miss the idea of what I am arguing. You are taking what I said and applying it to a different argument thus making it look wrong. This is a strawman.   When we get right down to the nub of the matter, you just don't like things the way they are. You're trying to dress up that distaste in the trappings of a logical objection, trying to show that pro-choice advocates are muddleheaded or inconsistent or wrong on some objective philosophical level, but such is not the case.You are inconsistent when you use certain arguments. The only consistent approach is to say the unborn does not deserve basic human rights. I find this to be dangerously similar to arguments made before.   You again assume I am arguing on a whole when the entire time I am arguing against a particular argument.  Where do you draw the line? Do you, for instance, object to birth control pills which (usually as a secondary line of defence) prevent implantation of a fertilized egg? Do you object to using 'morning after' pills? How about choosing to eat a lot of meat, which raises the body's ammonia levels and inhibits implantation - is a woman who eats meat guilty of murdering her baby? If you answered 'no' to any of the above, then you're prepared to draw a line - and then the question becomes where that line ought to be. Right, there is a line.   What is this if not a slippery slope argument?That would be a question.
Because women have every right to enjoy sex, just as men do. However, there is no 100% certain method to ensure that she doesn't get pregnant. To say that a woman MUST give up sex as the only way to 100% be sure that she won't get pregnant is unjust and creates a lower caste system for women.Every standard you come up with is arbitrary with no logic. It seems like you have the solution and are creating a standard to get that answer.   Why is "choice" not allowed after birth? What changed? If one does not to believe that all persons deserve equal rights then you open up the idea that any person can have rights removed for whatever reason. In this case I do argue a slippery slope because there is no instance in human history where declaring people unequal is justified (and before we get the "what about criminals" argument let me say I believe they have equal rights because they were treated the same as anyone would have).  I'm not sure I understand your scenario. But at some point in the pregnancy the woman decides she's going to have her baby (right now it is the limit at which to have an abortion). After choosing to carry on past that time, she assumes responsibility for the baby.Why can't this be after birth?   I disagree with the idea that this comes down to a woman's right to anything. I am of the idea that we all get equal rights and equal treatment. At no point would any "right to one's own body" outweigh a right to life when those two are at odds with each other. It can't because this doesn't apply across the board meaning another standard is used to degrade an unborn person.
And, since that line may be in different places for different pregnant women, it ill behooves the law to favor one line over another.emoticon_xangel There is vast disagreement as to what, exactly, the speed limit on interstates should be. Because of this disagreement, "it ill behooves the law to favor one line over another," and therefore the government should let each motorist determine, according to their own personal values, how fast they shall drive.
What are you talking about? You said that simply having sex = the choice to be responsible to carry a baby for 9 months. I said that that's not correct. That women have the right to have intercourse without having to be afraid that they'd get stuck with a baby. No method of contraception is 100% except abstinence. Women should be able to enjoy sex as well as men or we're going to have one of those 'unequal' situations you are worried about.  That choice happens when a woman doesn't get an abortion. By CHOOSING to carry the baby to term, she's obligated herself to taking care of it (or giving it to someone who will or whatever)  Because that's neglect.The point is that all of these are random inconsistent standards. You think equality is important but only sometimes. You think choice is important but only sometimes. You think a right to your own body is important but only sometimes. All of these "sometimes" just so happen to allow abortion. What is the logic behind these? Why the exceptions?  But it does. The fetus (or unborn baby) can't force a woman to carry it if she doesn't want. The woman must make that choice. Once she does, she's on the hook. Right now there is a time limit in which to get an abortion. A woman must make the choice by then, that is her responsibility. If she chooses to carry the baby past that time, she's made her decision.This violates what I said: "At no point would any "right to one's own body" outweigh a right to life when those two are at odds with each other. It can't because this doesn't apply across the board meaning another standard is used to degrade an unborn person."  So what are you saying "but it does to". You are creating a standard but have provided no logical explanation for it. Is there a reason for this belief or is this just what your belief is?
Only an uninformed fool would attempt to compare a woman's pregnancy with driving a car. I did not do any such thing. What I did was expose your rationale as nonsense by simply applying your principle to another situation. Why are you so unwilling for your argument to progress to its logical conclusion? I agree that my example is absurd; but only because your example likewise is absurd. Your unwillingness to accept the logical conclusion of your own argument says a lot about you.  Is pregnancy that impersonal to you? It is not; but unlike you, I am unwilling to be so irrational as to justify my biases through clearly cockamamie argumentation. I mean, at least try to be discreet about your absurdities.  Finally, an uninformed fool could not possibly expose your sophistry with such clear and compelling counterexamples as I have done.
Only an uninformed fool would attempt to compare a woman's pregnancy with driving a car.  Is pregnancy that impersonal to you?And only an ignorant person would not understand such a simple comparison....emoticon_xgood
Wait, wait. You are the one that for twenty posts kept saying 'but pretend that IF unborn were considered people' and now you are saying that I'm the one saying the 'it does to [sic]'. Nice try. The standard is that no person in a free society can have the control of their bodies taken from them to the extent that forcing a baby on someone does. Your saying 'what I said was at no point....' Which is your 'because I said so. An unborn baby ISN'T a person (even if you assume it is) and even if it were, the rights of the mother always would outweigh the rights of the embryo (at least to a point after which she has 'chosen' to keep it).The unborn isn't controlling the woman in a pregnancy but merely is living in the only environment allowable to live. The woman can still do many things granted a restriction is now placed. So what is the standard for restriction? If the burden is caused from a born child and is equal to the burden of a unborn child then wouldn't think standard, if consistent, allow you to kill both? Are you going to say "the woman has accepted the responsibility to take care of the child"? If this is the case then why does it have to be before birth? Where did this come from? Finally, why would a woman be granted the power to bestow rights? Do you prefer unequal treatment?  You standard is still seems nothing more than a conclusion followed by a means to get there. I still can't figure out if this is just pure belief or if you have some logic behind it. There is nothing wrong with pure belief but I'd like to ask where it was derived from.
steeeve,  The unborn isn't controlling the woman in a pregnancy but merely is living in the only environment allowable to live.   Exactly correct, and a principal reason why a fetus is not a person. It has none of the attributes that would allow it to live in the world of people.  It does not breathe air, live in an aerobic enviornment, does not taike external nourishment, does not excrete naturally, will die if its host does, etc.emoticon_smile  Then by your reasoning, a coma victim who's being kept alive by life support is no longer a person, right? They forfeit their human and civil rights also right? What does that say for all of the coma victims who have woken up?   The level of development that a human being is in at any given time in no way nullifies their humanity or standing as a person. Unless you can show that developing fetuses will grow into another species of life that's inferior to a human being if allowed to grow to term then your argument fails on the merits of simple common sense and human understanding.
BTW, even as an "absurd" (your word, Phyllis) FALSE analogy, it doesn't work. You would be wise not spin my words. I said my example is absurd only if yours was. If yours was valid, than so was mine because it faithfully applied your principle. That principle, which you have been dogmatically asserting throughout this thread, is that in instances where people disagree, "it ill behooves the law to favor one line over another." What a ridiculous piece of sophistry.  On both the Autobahns in Germany and the Interstate highways in Montana, the speed limit is "reasonable and prudent" as determined by each individual driver. What is your point? Surely you are not asserting that neither the government in Germany nor the government in Montana could impose, by law, restrictions on speed on their highways if they so desired? That was the analogy. But I understand if you want to respond to my arguments by twisting my words and spinning my conclusions. However, in the end that doesn't really justify your own arguments or conclusions.  As we believe, choice is a value worth preserving at all costs; the alternative is too horrible to contemplate. It is your philosophy that has been rejected by all of civilization precisely because it leads one logically to anarchy; and many reasonable people have determined that it is anarchy, not self-government, whose consequences are too horrible to contemplate.
Since abortion is impossible to justify on the merits (it kills a living human being, remember), "choice" has become the foundation of its political justification. Abortion advocates don't want to talk about facts or science, but they love to talk about "choice". "This is America...We're free to choose...You can't legislate morality!" Nothing has so clouded and confused the politics of this debate more than the misconstrued application of this one little term. The bottom line is this. Choice is nothing apart from the context to which it is applied. Individual choices are either recognized or restricted based upon the circumstances at hand. That's how our laws work. You simply cannot talk about choice in isolation.  For thirty years, however, abortion advocates have sought to bestow upon choice a nobility all its own, a nobility it has no claim to. They refuse to be called "pro-abortion", but they gladly accept the label "pro-choice" (despite the fact that there are countless other issues for which they are decidedly not pro-choice). The fact is, laws against rape, murder, assault, theft, speeding, drunk-driving and even smoking are all "anti-choice". They take away legal protection from one particular choice in order to protect a more foundational freedom. All such laws are "legislating morality". That's the only way society can survive. Personal choices that infringe on the life or livelihood of another human being must be legislated against. Therefore, anyone who defends legal abortion by simply arguing that people must be free to make their own choices is either ignorant or dishonest.  Furthermore, in almost 99% of all U.S. abortions, the woman having the abortion chose to have sexual intercourse in the first place. Therefore, it could just as easily be argued that these women already made their choice when they chose to engage in behavior that often leads to pregnancy. Ultimately, restricting a woman's right to abortion does not restrict a woman's right to not be pregnant. Abortion, after all, does not keep a woman from being pregnant. Abstinence does that. Abortion simply ends the pregnancy of an already pregnant woman by killing the embryo or fetus living within her.  In the end, we are only free to choose so long as that choice doesn't kill or harm someone else, and our government exists to take away those choices that do. Nobody argues that a man should be free to choose when the context is sexual assault. What a fool he would be to try and justify rape by saying, "My body, my choice." Why? Because rape is a violent assault which involves more than just one body. And so is abortion. The heart of the issue is not "choice". The real question is humanity, and nothing short of anarchy can guarantee the perfect freedom of choice.
archie,  Then by your reasoning, a coma victim who's being kept alive by life support is no longer a person, right?   Actually, that's not far from the truth.emoticon_smile   As I recall, the words used to describe Terry Schaivo's condition were "persistent vegetative state."  Just as her family members had the choice to end her existence (please note that I specifically did not say "life") on that grounds, a woman must needs have the same choice when it comes to her fetus (note again, that I did not say "child").  Your issue was, is, and always will be that for you, the right to life does not extend to opposition to the Death Penalty.  At least be honest enough to declare that you are for the right to life for those lives YOU deem worthy of continuation.  I am for protecting the lives of innocent human beings who have broken no laws of society at all, EVER; NOT ONE. You are for protecting the lives of serial killers, mass murderers and rapists of little children solely on the basis that they have previously breathed our air. You have no concept of ones ability to forfeit their right to life based on crimes against humanity while simultaneously justifying the cold blooded murder of perfectly innocent unborn children whom you can justify murdering based on the sins of their mother; not on anything they have done to deserve dying for.  A more perverted sense of justice is difficult for me to even imagine, yet how easily you condemn the innocent while arguing against the justified killing of murderers.
This arguement is often used by pro life supporters but it makes no sense to call a pre-mentally existent fetus "innocent". One might as well call a rock innocent since it also has never broken any laws of society. Without a mental existence, there is no possibility of being guilty or innocent.  It makes no sense to think as I do? Really??? Your rationalization is nothing more than a shallow justification for killing an unborn child who, in 98+% of all cases, if allowed to grow in the womb in which it was planted by a completely natural process, will inevitably become a sentient human being with the same exact human potential that you yourself possess. In fact it is a 100% fact that at one time, you yourself was in exactly the same state of development that this so called pre mentally existent fetus is at now that you can so easily dispose of like so much fecal matter.  So you yourself is living breathing evidence of how much more a fetus is than how you describe the unborn to be. So look in the mirror and then tell me that you truly believe that your description of the unborn is accurate in any way?
I'm not sure that's actually applicable here - after all, the only thing being called into question was the inconsistency of being 'pro life' and 'pro death penalty'. I don't recall anyone speaking out against the death penalty as such - although I could be wrong of course.  If you accept the death penalty, then you forfeit the moral ground that 'killing someone is wrong' in favour of a contextual approach to killing. You can't pretend otherwise. So far, so what, I say.  I don't forfeit the moral high ground at all Peeling. Because as a Nation of LAWS, and with a Government which was founded to protect the concept of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness for all of its citizens, then it is totally reasonable, rational and consistent that those who have killed and stolen the hopes, dreams and lives of others should rightfully sacrifice their right to live in a civilized Society with peace loving people.  If anyone should rightfully be punished for an unwanted pregnancy, if punishment is to be sought, and I'm not promoting that; then it should be the parents who created the unwanted pregnancy. Not the innocent child who played no part at all in its own conception.  I think the vastly more pertinent question to put to pro-lifers is whether they support military campaigns such as the ones in Iraq and Afghanistan, campaigns in which tens of thousands of innocent children have been killed. No, of course they weren't targets, but their deaths were forseen and tacitly accepted as tolerable collateral damage. So now you've forfeited the 'killing innocents is wrong' ground in favour of 'ends justify the means' relativism, where you have to start trying to gauge the potential suffering engendered by any given decision - and that's exactly what is enacted in the current abortion laws. So why are you complaining?  Actually this isn't a pertinent question at all. It isn't even relevant to the topic at hand. What do unwanted pregnancies within the civilian population have to do with 2 Governments fighting a War with the intent of protecting their respective civilian populations against foreign aggression? I submit it has nothing at all to do with it and is just an attempt to change the subject and divert the issue away from the actual debate; which is the murder of approximately 1.4 million Americans each year.  Now just wrap the fact that in the 5 years since the Afghan/Iraq invasions took place, SEVEN MILLION unborn Americans have been deprived of their lives by the infanticide committed against them by their own mothers. Wrap that number around your brain if the protection of innocent lives is really your concern.   In the 5 years of the war in both Iraq and Afghanistan, less civilians have been killed by collateral damage than innocent unborn babies are killed each year in this Country alone through abortion. So no Peeling, you argument and your point is moot in comparison if the preservation of innocent life is truly your concern.
'Going to be' is not the same as 'is'. I was once a sperm and an egg, and untold quintillions of potential living, breathing people bounce off a rubber wall or splash into a tissue each and every day without giving anyone much pause for thought. That they would become a child 'if given the conditions to permit it' applies equally well to them as to a fertilised egg. It's perhaps not as intuitive to think of it that way, because we're so hung up on the idea that we are an entity, an individual, singular, and fertilization is sort of the point where that singularity appears to begin. However, in terms of information content contributing to that zygote I very much was present in both sperm and egg; after all, 'I' am now a collective of umpteen billion cells - does my distributed nature mean there's no such thing as 'me'?  So your argument is that because of the eggs and sperm that never fertilize, then that negates the value of those that do, and start at that very moment to develop and grow into sentient beings with exactly the same potential as you have? Do you see how irrational your excuses and justifications are, based on the fact that you admit that you were once exactly where they are now at? How can you have a rational thought, look at a new born child, and then extrapolate from that the opinion that you promote above.   Until you're prepared to be rigorously consistent in your assertion that killing actual innocent children is wrong and cannot be permitted (see post above), I doubt portraying a mindlessly fizzing lump of cells as indistinguishable from a child is going to get you very far.  I have no problem at all separating the realities of War and Abortion as the very unique subjects that they are. But I dealt with this question above and my answer stands.
So according to you it's consistent to insist that personhood be the determining factor when the rights of women and foetuses come into conflict, while insisting that personhood shouldn't be the determining factor in other situations where rights are on the line. Hang on, I'll get my dictionary... :)No one likes a smart a$$. You distort what I was saying. With regards to a personhood, I am of the belief that only persons get rights and that all persons get rights. This isn't inconsistent.  The physiological changes judged by medical professionals to represent the point at which consciousness and therefore suffering can occur.Why does this matter? Consciousness doesn't always equate to the ability to suffer by the way. Furthermore, entities other than human can suffer and/or be conscious.  Then we are doing nothing more than exchanging opinions, and your attempts to paint my morals as inconsistent are spurious and irrelevant. Many moral codes of conduct are inconsistent. Therefore I can be inconsistent if I want to be - not that I am, mind youI wasn't even addressing your argument to begin with. You seem to have forgotten what this discussion was all about.   Then your argument is entirely meaningless; you won't allow it to apply to anything.   You point blank asserted that rights may be denied without denying personhood. Yet you simultaneously insist that in the special case of abortion, we must deny personhood. When I point out this inconsistency, you deny that.I recall saying the only logical way to deny rights for an unborn is to declare them to not be a person.   If there's no slippery slope, then there's no ambiguity, and no problem. Your whole premise is that abortion law is dangerously inconsistent, yet whenever I try to pin down this alleged 'inconsistency' and ask what risk you think it presents, you say 'No, it isn't that, or that, and I never said it would lead to that either', despite clearly worded questions raising the issues as concerns of yours.Logical inconsistencies don't have to create a slippery slope. Logical inconsistencies just mean somewhere you are wrong.   It's starting to look like you don't have an argument, because every interpretation I make of your words, you say it's wrong. What am I supposed to do, figure out for you what you should mean in order to make me wrong?You should start by figuring out what the argument was about which was a so-called right to a woman's body trumping a unborn's right to life given they were a person. You changed the frame of debate to abortion in general and assume my arguments were referring to abortion in general when really they were towards pointing out how the given argument is not a good one.  What 'certain arguments'? What's inconsistent about abortion law? What's inconsistent about the medical judgement of suffering?  Once again, you say the only consistent approach is to declare the unborn a non-person. Yet you have no problem denying or allocating people rights in other circumstances without declaring them a non-person. You're the only one being inconsistent here.This is what I was referring to above. You are discussing something I currently am not. I keep stressing this point so please understand this.  Which is ironic, really. You want to present an argument that abortion laws - or perhaps the justifications given for them - are inconsistent with the wider picture, yes? Yet because your argument falls to bits when applied to the wider picture, you want it to be given special treatment.This is absurd and to answer your question, NO...I'm not arguing that and I haven't been (even if I agree with it). If I make the argument that a certain argument is poor then I am not arguing the merits of the issue that argument is about. To apply those arguments to the issue is nothing but illogical. I really think you have just misunderstood what was being argued here.  I mean, maybe I'm doing you a disservice; you keep telling me I'm not 'getting' your argument, so maybe it really is my fault. Just to clear things up, could you make a firm commitment to agree or disagree with the following statements:  1. Rights may be denied a person, or the rights of others upheld to their personal detriment, without declaring them a non-person.  2. Declaring a foetus to be a non-person is the only way to apply abortion law so as to be consistent with the application of other rights-affecting laws.In my discussion with CUNx, I was not addressing 1 or 2 (in the part you called into question that started this whole discussion).   You first chimed in here: http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=306910&postcount=231  Perhaps you didn't read the discussion prior to. In your example there, I don't believe there is a "right to incarcerate". But like we talked about before, we disagree on what rights are.   Then we merely disagree upon where it should be drawn. Medical professionals judge a first semester foetus no more capable of suffering than a fertilized egg. Unless you have some evidence to contradict that judgement, then you are simply asking that your squeamishness overrule medical consistency.This part of our discussion is a side-step from what I have been discussing..which is ok I suppose. I don't think that suffering is what makes a medical professional required to treat. Is this what you are saying?
Like I said - so far, so what. I wasn't saying there was anything wrong with being pro-life and pro-death penalty, merely pointing out that you cannot then appeal to 'killing = wrong' as an absolute.  aborting the innocent unborn is MURDER. Executing murderers is not. There's a distinct difference that you seem incapable of discerning.  Again, a mindless lump of tissue cannot be punished - the only punishment is in fact endured by the would-be parents.  To be denied a life that is inevitable if only aloud to continue to develop is to be directly punished for nothing the fetus caused in and of itself. Your shallow excuses and justifications for marginalizing them and their potential not withstanding.  It has to do with the fact that your vehement and righteous opposition to the killing of unborn 'children' does not extend to actual children. Try to wave it away if you like, but the fact remains you are a moral relativist when it comes to extinguishing the lives of innocents.  Wrong again Peeling. I'm not a moral relativist at all, but a moral REALIST. You are the relativist in that you can marginalize the value of the unborn for the sake of the convenience of the allegedly responsible adults who created the whole problem by acting irresponsibly. Your comparison of abortion to the loss of life in Wars is an inane and infantile comparison that has no bearing with each other in reality.   War is War. It is one Nation protecting its citizenry from another Nations intent to do them harm. Wars aren't started for the sole purpose of killing other people but to prevent the unnecessary deaths of innocent people. Abortion exists for the sole purpose of destroying new and innocent lives who are guilty of no wrong doing at all. PERIOD!!!  Choosing to portray it in a way that sounds wrong does not make the act itself wrong.   Sure it does, unless one is a moral relativist as you are.  I don't for a moment pretend abortion is as straightforward as excising a cancer. It's an emotionally charged issue for all involved and may have lasting psychological consequences, and I see it as tolerable, no more than that. But equally it is not the murder of 1.4 million Americans, and pretending it is does not make you right.  And yet you condone disposing of them as readily as a cancer which is a disease. And since a newborn is the Nationality of its Mother automatically, then yes, 1.4 million POTENTIAL AMERICANS are killed each year for the sake of the perpetrator of the problems convenience.  So if we dialed back the abortion rate to match the number of children blown up by American bombs each year, you'd find it acceptable?  NO  I'm just trying to get a handle on your reasoning, that's all. Excising a mindless lump because, after much soul-searching, the parents decide they can't look after a baby = bad, blowing up a healthy, alert, conscious child because someone in the same city block might be thinking bad thoughts about America = OK. I don't see how adding numbers to these events helps make the thinking consistent.  Why aren't you using the examples of the genocide's in the Sudan or Rwanda which are true mass murders designed and implemented for the sole purpose of destroying innocent human life? Why must you reveal your anti american prejudice by referring to a legitimate attempt by a Country to free 24 million innocents from totalitarian rule?   My point is that the eggs and sperm have exactly that potential, so why draw the line at fertilization?   WOW Peeling, I actually gave you too much credit. You're no better or deeper than capO in your perspective. The answer, very simply is that by themselves they have no potential to become human beings. Until the egg is fertilized, it is not a potential human being as it will inevitably be washed away in the monthly menstrual cycle. That is the proof that it had no potential for life. But you're just once again attempting to minimize and marginalize the fertilized egg that is growing into a sentient being, if only allowed to continue to grow and develop to term.  What I'm pointing out is the arbitrary and meaningless line you have drawn at the point of conception. As soon as you start talking about potential you abandon any hope of justifying your placement of the line, because all stages prior to that moment also have the same 'potential'. Better, in my opinion, to deal with what something is.  Nothing about accepting that life begins at the point of conception is arbitrary or meaningless Peeling. And tell me what more we have other than the hope that lies in the potential for every single newborn child that we welcome into this World at their birth? How dishonest and disingenuous are you to state here the obfuscations you have defended when you know intellectually that you yourself was once nothing more than a fertilized egg that grew from that early stage of development into what you stand as today, a fully sentient and complete human being with all of the past memories and future hopes and dreams that make you who you are.  How dare you sanctimoniously deny others their right to the same opportunities you have had by actually arguing that they are nothing more than mindless lumps of tissue when you know you started life in exactly the same manner. Your argument reflects the epitome of hypocrisy and self delusion in that you can know one thing is a fact and simultaneously argue the opposite. Actually, I must add to that statement. It is also completely dishonest to lie when you know what your saying is nothing more than shallow justifications for murdering those who are what you yourself once was.   Yes: you're a moral relativist, ready to kill innocent children whenever you think it's justified. Or do I have you pegged wrong: are you a staunch opponent of military intervention?  No, you're the moral relativist, I'm a moral realist. And only a fool would compare abortion to a War between two Countries and equate the deaths in each as having any moral equivalency at all.
Archie,  Sure it does, unless one is a moral relativist as you are.   You say "moral relativist" as though it were a bad thing.  Since that's what Peeling labeled me as, then thanks for the compliment since you see it as a good thing. I'm a realist though, in spite of what you and Peeling label me as. Really capO, you might be a more consistent debater if you actually read complete posts before responding.
Archie,  Sure it does, unless one is a moral relativist as you are.   You say "moral relativist" as though it were a bad thing.  Sorry, but it's the only possible way to go in a changing, evoliving world (Oops, I forgot, that's another word you abhor!).  And NO! a fetus is not a person; neither is an egg a chicken or an acorn an oak tree.:)  Moral relativism is extreme darwinism. It would argue that humans have no absolute intrinsic value in life. Furthermore, it would argue that humans have no more absolute intrinsic value than dirt. It would say that human beings are just warts on the face of a random universe that somehow came into order out of a disorderly nothing (which has existed for eternity) and continues to randomly progress against the principles of entropy. It relentlessly demeans the lives of millions of women by saying they have no more absolute intrinsic value, meaning, worth, or dignity than dirt. Left wing feminist darwinian extremist moral relativists have much more to worry about than trying to prove that a fetus deserves to be aborted. They should be worried about proving that it is absolutely true that women are worth more than dirt.
What you have shown in this response Peeling is that you have no problem applying the most shallow rationalizations regarding the development of new human beings. As long as you can keep the debate limited to unfertilized eggs and sperm, or zygotes, or fetuses; then you can keep it so impersonal as to not be about human beings with minds. Well let's look at a site that caters not to abortionists, but to new mothers, and about to be, mothers.   Notice how different the language is than that which you have subjected me to in your bloviating about how insignificant a fetus is because in your opinion it's just a mindless mass of tissue.   http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu8K4Xf9Hg3cA0D9XNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTE0bzNmczYyBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMwRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkA1lTMzAyXzEyMg--/SIG=1236n4nrr/EXP=1208004408/**http%3a//www.blog4mom.com/index_files/Page604.htm  Here is the description of the development that takes place in just the first and second month to remind you that we are actually dealing with human beings here. And notice the rapid growth that takes place in the second month. First Month  The process of implantation begins after about 5 to 7 days when the sperm fertilizes the egg, and the egg attaches to the lining of the uterus. The fertilized egg then begins to grow in the uterus, doubling in size every day. At this stage of development the baby is called an embryo. Shortly after implantation the placenta and umbilical cord begin to form. The placenta and umbilical cord take care of the nourishment and oxygen being provided to your baby and carry away the baby's wastes. Your baby is enclosed in a sac of fluid to protect the baby from bumps and pressure. In another week the baby has a spinal cord. Within a few days , she develops 5 to 8 bones of the spinal column (vertebrae). By the end of your first 6 weeks of pregnancy, your baby has a head and trunk. The eyes, brain, mouth, inner ears, and digestive system begin to form, as do tiny buds that will be the arms and legs. The heart also forms, and it begins to beat on the 25th day after conception (5 to 6 weeks after the last menstrual period). By the end of 6 weeks your baby is about a half inch long (1 centimeter) and weighs a fraction of an ounce (or a few grams).  By the end of this month, most mothers start feeling nausea termed as "morning sickness". It gets worse for some mothers as months progress while others may not experience this symptom at all.  Second Month  This month is part of the most critical aspect of your baby development. It is imperative to take precaution against external factors like drugs, viruses, or environmental factors such as pesticides which may cause birth defects. Your baby's development is very rapid during the second month. By the end of the second month, all of your baby's major body organs and body systems, including the lungs, liver, and stomach, have begun their development cycle. Eyelids form and grow but are sealed shut, and ears are formed. Ankles, toes, wrists, fingers, and sexual organs start developing. If your baby is a boy, his penis will appear as part of the organ growth. By this month end your baby starts looking like a miniature human infant rather than the small cell it was conceived as. The baby is a little over 1 inch long (3 centimeters) and still weighs less than 1 ounce (less than 28 grams). The baby is now in a sac called the amniotic sac.  The expectant mother may start having enlarged breasts nad prominent nipples. There may be some tenderness and pain in the area due to an increase in the body hormones. There may be increased vaginal secretion and the mucous plug begins to form. The expectant mother may feel an increased urge to urinate because of increased pressure from the uterus due to the growing fetus. Now, in addition to the above, let's get past this mindless lump of tissue assertion of yours. Does a mindless lump of tissue FEEL PAIN? Of course not. Because there's no mind to transfer to, or the pain or receptors to receive it, right? Then explain this Dr's opinion to me and continue to justify your attempted minimizing of who and what the unborn are in reality. They do feel pain which confirms that they do have minds. I believe that even hear and have thoughts. And since they have brains, that is actually not a leap at all to believe.  http://www.gargaro.com/fetalpain.html  DOES THE FETUS FEEL PAIN? Summary of a presentation given by Dr. Paul Ranalli on "Pain, Fetal Development, and Partial-birth abortion" on June 27, 1997. (I personally attended this presentation). Related links are included below. The fetus can feel pain at 20 weeks. This is probably a conservatively late estimate, but it is scientifically solid. Elements of the pain-conveying system (spino-thalamic system) begin to be assembled at 7 weeks; enough development has occurred by 12-14 weeks that some pain perception is likely, and continues to build through the second trimester. By 20 weeks, the spino- thalamic system is fully established and connected.  There are three different indicators providing evidence that the fetus feels pain.  Anatomical - pain receptors spread over the body in stages: 8-16 weeks - pain impulse connections in the spinal cord link up and reach the thalamus (the brain's reception center): 7-20 weeks (summarized by Anand, K.J.S., Atlanta) Physiological/Hormonal - fetuses withdraw from painful stimulation - two types of stress hormones, normally released by adults subjected to pain, are released by adults subjected to pain, are releases in massive amounts by the fetus subjected to a needle puncture to draw a blood sample: (a) from 19 weeks onward (N. Fisk; London, England) (b) from 16 weeks onward (J. Partch; Kiel, Germany) Behavioral - withdraw from pain - change in vital signs A 20-30 week old fetus actually will feel more pain than an adult. The period between 20-30 weeks is a uniquely vulnerable time, since the pain system is fully established, yet the higher level pain-modifying system has barely begun to develop.  Below is a graphical represenation depicting this mis-match in pain detection and pain modification 
Archie,  From your link: "Your baby is enclosed in a sac of fluid to protect the baby from bumps and pressure."  Now, why not tell us just exactly how your link is neutral.  There is no way prior to birth that a fetus can be called a baby.  For a relativist you sure do make a lot of claims of absolute truth and morality. You seem to be very inconsistent. Are you sure you are a moral relativist? If so would you please tell me how women have more inherent dignity and value than dirt?
Archie,  From your link: "Your baby is enclosed in a sac of fluid to protect the baby from bumps and pressure."  Now, why not tell us just exactly how your link is neutral.  There is no way prior to birth that a fetus can be called a baby.  Where did I say my link was neutral? Show where I said that. I said let's look at a site that caters not to abortionists, but to new mothers, and about to be, mothers.  Nothing about this link was intended to be neutral or objective, but was intended to show that in the real World how women deal with, and refer to the unborn; as BABIES, not fetuses or zygotes or lumps of tissue, but babies, because that is exactly what is growing within their wombs. Not lifeless, mindless lumps of tissue as you pro abortionists so easily refer to them so you can dehumanize them and justify murdering them. The title of the blog also say's it all as you can plainly see.  Blog4Mom.com Dedicated to the Spirit of Motherhood Here it is again...  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu8K4Xf9Hg3cA0D9XNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTE0bzNmczYyBHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMwRjb2xvA2FjMgR2dGlkA1lTMzAyXzEyMg--/SIG=1236n4nrr/EXP=1208004408/**http%3a//www.blog4mom.com/index_files/Page604.htm
Mothers with wanted pregnancies look forward to the baby being born and, during the pregnancy, enjoy imagining what it will become. They feel an attachement to whatever stage the baby is at that moment because of the hopes for what it will become. Their attachement is based on expectation and potential. The web sites catering to new mothers oblige them in this affection by calling even a zygote a baby.  That was my reason to post a link to that site Ao, because I wanted to show how people through out the real World refer to the unborn. What you call zygotes are developing children; future human beings; babies to be. By whatever impersonal label you place on them, they are still developing human beings with all of the value that you yourself possess.  However, a zygote and a baby are very different in reality. Apart from human DNA and the start of the growth process it really has no similarities to a baby itself, though it will eventually develop into a baby - i.e. potential.  What I marvel at is that you can't see how incredibly ridiculous this paragraph is. "Apart from human DNA and the growth process it really has no similarity to a baby itself"? Talk about taking the meat out of the argument! A fertilized egg does have HUMAN DNA, and it DOES GROW! Which proves it's alive because we all know that dead things don't grow. But still you'll deny the unborn their humanity. Go figure huh?  If the zygote had no potential to turn into a baby then I have no doubt that the great majority of mothers would feel very little affection for it. Its worth to them is almost purely in what it will become - again, "potential".  Thanks for making my point...  The main point to argue is that a potential something is not that something. I can potentially be a billionaire. That does not make me a billionaire. So, a potential baby is not a baby and it is erroneous to call it that except if, as in these web sites, you want to cater to the emotions of the mother by calling it something it is not.  And neither is your comparison a valid one. Becoming a billionaire is something someone accomplishes through personal effort, it isn't a state of being as is the result of the birth process. Just as a pregnant dog will always deliver a litter of puppies, so will a woman always deliver a human baby. It has nothing to do with the will. No matter how much a woman wills it, she will never deliver anything other than a human baby.  If you disagree, then could you tell me what SPECIFIC characteristics are shared between a zygote and a baby (as that term is conventionally used - i.e. born babies)?  This photo is of a Fertilized human egg (zygote) having reached the blastocyst stage Zygote contains a fluid filled blastocele which is preparing for implantation into endometrium of uterus.  http://www.fotosearch.com/comp/LIF/LIF126/fertilized-human-egg-zygote-having-reached-the-blastocyst-stage-~-3D605008.jpg  So at this point of its development it has very little in common with a baby. But that's only because of its stage of development and not because of any inherent flaw with its existence. This zygote hasn't even attached to the uterine wall yet so although it is a fertilized egg, it's future development into a human being isn't yet assured. And this is the stage when abortions take place, so to imply that zygotes are aborted is completely fallacious, because it's fetuses that women choose to get aborted, not zygotes. Here are pictures of aborted babies. Maybe they will help drive home the reality of what is actually being discussed here regarding this disgusting and inhuman practice of what allegedly civilized human beings are doing to 1.4 million unborn babies per year in America alone.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0WTefXguv9H4fEATsOjzbkF/SIG=12d3c9val/EXP=1208028256/**http%3A//home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm
chloe,  If so would you please tell me how women have more inherent dignity and value than dirt?  Please tell US how the parasite has more value than its host.:xbanghead  This is what you call a parasite?  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0WTefXguv9H4fEATsOjzbkF/SIG=12d3c9val/EXP=1208028256/**http%3A//home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm
Care to try any more irrational appeals to the emotions?;) Facts are facts. That a particular fact tends to trigger some emotion does not negate the fact that the fact is still a fact.  For every one of those you post, I can post a photo of a victim of a coat hanger death. By all means, post away.  Where does that get us? One step closer to truth.
Archie,  This is what you call a parasite?  ==================================================================================================== capO  Not any more!  Care to try any more irrational appeals to the emotions?;)  For every one of those you post, I can post a photo of a victim of a coat hanger death.  Where does that get us?  The truth hurts huh, capO. So now that you've had to look at actual victims of abortion you'll stop calling them parasites, zygotes and mindless lumps of tissue? Maybe now you'll properly define this debate as the wholesale murder of unborn BABIES which it most definitely is.   http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0WTefXguv9H4fEATsOjzbkF/SIG=12d3c9val/EXP=1208028256/**http%3A//home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm
Archie,  . So now that you've had to look at actual victims of abortion you'll stop calling them parasites, zygotes and mindless lumps of tissue?  Your crass photos of spontaneous miscarriages or tarted-up, ketchup-slathered Goo-Goo dolls fail to impress.  Do you ever think about the ghoulish mentality it would take, if any of these are real and not dolls, to take such photos in the first place?  Talk about sick!!emoticon_angry  So you remain in your ignorant denial? Or are you just lying about the reality so you don't have to face up to what you endorse? That's more likely it, because you know very well that those aren't photos of spontaneous miscarriages but represent the very atrocity you believe every woman has the right to commit against her own offspring. I truly feel sorry for you capO; no, more like pity you for the shallow and vapid World view that you hold. And as you worry about the mentality of those who would take such pictures, do you ever think of the ghoulish mentality it would take, to do such things to unborn children? http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0WTefXguv9H4fEATsOjzbkF/SIG=12d3c9val/EXP=1208028256/**http%3A//home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm
Arch, You don't really believe that those are pictures of Actual abortions, do you? First of all, can you imagine ANY medical center storing medical waste that way? An uncovered trashcan full of clean, dry, fully formed dead babies? You can't really believe that any place would store them like that. Also, if they were aborted, why did someone clean them, dry them, and place them 'just so' for the picture? Come on bro.  Actual abortions? No, the remains from actual abortions? ABSOLUTELY! and I'm shocked that you're denying it just because the babies in the barrel aren't bloody. My guess is that the babies were hosed down before being discarded into that trash can and that full can was most likely just one of any number of such hefty trash bags full of aborted babies from just one days work at that clinic.   And they weren't being stored that way at all but that was the way they are discarded. When full, that hefty trash bag is most likely thrown into a larger medical waste dumpster and a new bag is placed in a garbage can for the afternoon.
As I understand medical waste procedures, these facilities have incinerators on hand. All such waste is placed into these devices and turned to ash. Ask any nurse or operator. They should be doing this.  Can you imagine the cost for every abortion clinic if they owned their own medical waste incinerator? Here's EPA info about the required policies for Medical waste Disposal; http://www.epa.gov/ttn/atw/129/hmiwi/rihmiwi.html and here's why there are services like this one which take care of that for them. http://www.medicalwastesolutions.com/ Some large hospitals have incinerators due to the large amount of waste they produce, but abortion and small health clinics are way too small to justify the expense.
Archie,  Some large hospitals have incinerators due to the large amount of waste they produce, but abortion and small health clinics are way too small to justify the expense.  Since neither of your links responds in any way to the question CUNx raises, this is just one more example of your puff and blow.:xbanghead   The EPA sheet deals with infectious waste, and the other is an ad for a commercial disposal service.  Just admit it capO, you are on drugs, right? Or couldn't you read well enough to notice that I was responding to childs post which I actually quoted. See post 362? So if you can actually comprehend the language, why would you criticize me for not responding to CxT when it was child I was quoting and responding to?  http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=308359&postcount=362
You do realize you just disproved your own basic points yes?   The pictures you posted are falsified because abortion clinics and small health clinics contract out to places to have their medical waste incinerated.   Good job on failing to realize you just proved Cunx correct.  Why's that? That the abortion clinics dispose of the garbage cans full of aborted babies in hefty trash bags that are placed in the orange dumpsters, and then picked up by the waste disposal companies 2 or 3 times a week is precisely in line with my response to CxT. And what's more, it's what actually happens in reality. So no, nothing I showed here disproves what I said earlier at all.
All clinics, down to the smallest doctor or dental office, have medical waste of some kind. Every single one of them. There are regulations on how they are dealt with (as you noted). All of them, including abortion clinics, must follow these regulations and they can afford them. If they cannot afford them, they do not operate. They do not need to own their own incinerator, of course, and there are many operations out there that provide this service. (As you noted. Didn't that give you a clue??)  I never saw the photos in question; the links were dead. However, no one, but no one leaves medical waste at the curbside.  I have nothing here to argue against because I agree with everything you say here. And nothing I have posted conflicts with this at all. And no where did I say or imply that medical waste or aborted babies are kept curbside. Here's the picture of the aborted babies in the garbage can.  http://home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/abortion-human-garbage.gif  And here's the complete link:  http://home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm
The Newfoundland & Labrador Right to Life Association is a known religious propaganda site. Wouldn't put it past them to Photoshop those pictures just for 'shock' value emoticon_rolleyes  Thanks for contributing absolutely nothing as you make unfounded claims without supporting them with even the slightest proof. But hey, talks cheap; and you've proven you've got plenty of that since showing up here.
That's right it is, so if those pictures are real and not just propaganda then you should be able to back up that they really existed. Surely you can support your 'claim' by showing everyone a newspaper article, police report or other legal document for them breaking the law by disposing of human remains in that fashion. We'll wait for you to back up your claims. Like you said, talks cheap, Photoshop costs some bucks though ;)  First of all, you're jumping to a huge conclusion and making a giant unsupportable leap by claiming that any human remains were disposed of illegally at all. So since you're making that ridiculous claim, it's on you to prove that assertion and then I'll be happy to produce a record reporting it.  You liberals are incredible!!! You think you can just proclaim a law has been broken and then demand proof of it when no law at all has been broken in reality. It's just more evidence of the delusions that have clouded your thought processes. emoticon_xdonno
Correct, but that's not all you're saying or have said. You clearly and unambiguously stated that a person may be denied rights without declaring them a non-person. That contradicts your claim that we must define a foetus as a non-person to deny it rights.   I can't help that there's a contradiction there. I can't make it go away. And when the main thrust of your argument concerns consistency, I think it's somewhat hyopcritical of you to be selective about to whom it should apply.Well even if I were saying that it still isn't a contradiction. If you say you don't need sugar to make a cake but to make a spice cake you have to have sugar (this isn't true by the way :p) then you aren't contradicting yourself. You just are applying a restriction on a broad statement.   If there is no mind, what exactly is doing the suffering?Thinking about it I believe you are using a different definition of "consciousness" which is appropriate. So ignore what I wrote.  If that was the impression I gave, I apologise. My position applies absolutely to the question of rights superceding other rights - such determinations are made all the time in all manner of circumstances without ever declaring anyone a non-person.I think rights can supercede another right but I think it applies absolutely and is inconsistent if you say "it can here but not here and only here if this occurs". It is completely random and really has no basis for logic. Of course the normal abortion argument I get will then come down to something like a person is something that is human and conscious (at some varied level) and once that point occurs the right to life exists. So it really comes down to a person argument in those cases. But I believe you would be arguing that being a person (by whatever definition) is irrelevant. Is this correct?  No, but I think we have crossed purposes somewhat.Which, you'd have to admit, probably has caused some confusion. Even more so since you are having multiply discussions at the same time.   As I demonstrated an understanding of earlier, you're arguing against a particular justification for abortion, yes? Rights of the mother superceding those of the child. Ok. You've raised concerns that such a justification is inconsistent. If I recall correctly, you presented them thus:Well not only justification for abortion but anywhere that kind of argument would apply....but yeah.  1. You suggested, by posing a particular question, that the same justification could be used to defend CUNxTime striking you. Even if that question were not rhetorical, you clearly saw it as a potential problem, yes? Otherwise you would not have asked that question.Yes, a potential problem indeed. The key word is potential.  2. You've implied that elevating one right over another is not how things are done elsewhere. Certainly whenever I've produced an example you've said you don't 'see it' as being a question of one person's rights overruling another's.Two things here, one: we have a different idea of rights and two: I don't think your example showed two different rights where one trumped another. Instead it was a government function of power overruling a government issued right via due process. Certainly an ok thing to do in my opinion but if you were to apply that to abortion then you'd have to give the same due process like we discussed before and once you do this then we really get back to the question at hand because at some point you need some logic for a law...or at least an argument I suppose.  The first claim of inconsistency is false because the logic used to justify abortion would not justify assault on your person.But it potential could.   You do not fit the criteria which makes it tolerable to destroy a foetus, and CUNxTime's circumstances do not match those which qualify a pregnant woman to exercise control over that foetus. This directly parallels the specificity of abortion law itself.But right off the bat you make the argument useless to even make (the argument CUNxTime used). That criteria of who gets "rights" is what is at issue not that a right to life is overruled by a right to ones own body. I believe it was understood by CUNxTime as well as others here that "person" implies certain rights.   Secondly, we clearly and demonstrably do elevate one person's rights over another's in all manner of circumstances, without declaring either one a non-person. So the notion that this justification is inconsistent with the resolution of other moral issues is also false.See above as I disagree that rights overrule other rights in some but not all circumstances.   I don't think I said there was a right to incarcerate. I simply said that some of a criminal's normal rights are superceded by the rights of others. That applies whether you treat rights as a moral imperative or a legal guarantee.Are you sure? I copied the phrase "right to incarcerate" somewhere. What rights are superseding other rights anyway?  If you can spare a moment to check, you'll see that what we disagreed upon were the requirements for you to have a particular right, not how they are arrived at. Rights are an expression of what we feel is morally correct or can show to be practically beneficial, but you do not have any particular right unless it is guaranteed by a potent authority. Until such time as that is true, you only have an opinion as to what people should be due. Practicality vs idealism.Again I disagree with this statement. A government granting rights often times has nothing to do with morality. Again, I just agree with the DoI and you are free to not.   That's why I take exception to arguments of the form 'X has a god-given right to Y, so we shouldn't infringe it': there's no such thing as a god-given right. Your personal beliefs about god may lead you to believe he intends certain things for us, but that's all. In some cultures, men have a 'god-given' right to do all sorts of things to women - there, as anywhere, 'god-given' is merely a reflection of their own opinions and traditions.And this is just your opinion as well. It is rather clear that our country was founded on the idea that we have rights outside of government.   If you want to convince me that a foetus has rights which supercede those of the mother rather than the other way around, before that foetus has a mind or is capable of suffering, I feel I'm entitled to more than just an appeal to 'god-given', because that's really just 'I'm right, and god thinks so too'. I also think appeals to 'that justification is inconsistent' are weak when your position is still one of rights superceding others.If you are of the opinion that a right only exists when the government says it does then of course the fetus has no rights and furthermore the woman has no constitutional right to abortion either (assuming we apply the law correctly). I'm not even sure how you could ever claim a right if you don't have it and get away with it under your idea of how rights exist. Do you argue that one "should" have a right? I think that gets into a different debate so I'm gonna stop on that one.
Sorry but that's not how it works in the real world. Whomever posted the link to the image has the responsibility to prove that the image is legit. Whether that's you or not I don't know, but whomever it is they need to show some verifiable documentation. They can't just post propaganda and claim that the everyone else needs to prove it's propaganda. If it's real then it should be easy to document. No documentation, no legitimacy.  Wrong again ingus. I posted a valid link. If you're going to make wild accusations about its legitimacy, then it's on you to prove it. I stand by this link as valid and accurate. The organization named in it is real and verifiable as legitimate. If you believe these photos are fraudulent, then prove it. Otherwise, stop the denials and accept the cold hard truth of what abortion represents in the real World.  http://home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm  Since you came here, this debate has stopped being about abortion and has degraded to semantics and your attempts to make accusations against posters rather than actually debate the issues we were discussing.
I, and most on the pro-choice side, make a clear distinction between what IS and what WILL BE. Again, a potential something is not that something. I am a potential billionaire but that does not make me a billionaire. I would love to be treated as a billionaire since I have that potential but that would be ridiculous. Another analogy (that gets around your objection to that particular example) is that every kid is a potential adult. That doesn't mean that they should be treated as adults when they are four years old because they have a very high probability of automatically becoming adults given time.   They are human. So are all the cells in our bodies. I really don't care whether a cell has full human DNA or not. I will not value that cell or cells for that point alone. When I scratch my arm, I am killing millions of such cells.   As for it growing, the growth alone only has worth in that it is a process that will lead to something that we DO value - i.e. full human persons.   The main difference in our thinking process is that you seem to treat a potential something as that something. We all value babies. However, you seem to say that something that can become a baby needs to be valued as much as a baby. You certainly have the right to think that but it is very unconvincing. Most of us can tell the difference between a potential something and that something. A child is not an adult, even though it will become one. So, a child should not be treated as an adult because it is a potential adult. An unfertilized egg has the potential to become a person. Should it be treated as a person?   Pictures can stir emotions but as rational beings we need to not jump to conclusions but to try to understand the situation as it actually is. When I see a picture of a mangled body, I get an emotional reaction because I quickly emotionally jump to the conclusion that the person who inhabited that body must have suffered when that damage was done. That is the main thought that drives my emotions at seeing pictures of mangled bodies. However, as a rational person, I need to step back and ask whether that actually happened - i.e. whether someone actually DID suffer that mutilation. There, I trust science since it supplies evidence and that evidence says that, for the great majority of abortions which happen in early term, there is no pain, or indeed no mind whatsoever. There can't be because the brain is insufficiently developed. Therefore, our gut reactions when seeing those photos are just wrong because they are based on imagination, not reality. Similarly, we can get a gut reaction when seeing operations or when seeing dead bodies cremated or worked on by an undertaker. Just because we have a gut reaction doesn't mean that the knee-jerk conclusions we jump to based on those gut reactions are at all based on reality.  As for your comment "So at this point of its development it has very little in common with a baby. But that's only because of its stage of development and not because of any inherent flaw with its existence.": I never said that the zygote has any flaw with its existence. It is perfectly formed for its purpose at that stage of development. However, the stage of development IS important. After all, the zygote is just a stage of development from the unfertilized egg - where that development involved fertilization. Again, I suspect that your main arguement is that we need to value a potential something as much as that something - so a potential baby needs to be valued as much as the baby and, under this reasoning, stage of development does not matter (with the exception of the stage of development of fertilizataion). Most of us on the pro-choice side disagree, so stage of developement DOES matter since it is important to us what has already developed - future is less important to us than present.  Every excuse and justification you're giving in order to marginalize the value of the unborn at what ever stage of development they're at just denies the reality of who and what they really are. The pro-abortionist must dehumanize the fetus in order to justify its killing as if it's nothing more than a clump of cells. That's why I showed pictures of aborted babies; so you could see precisely what is being aborted. Those pictures aren't of zygotes or even fetuses, they're of babies. They are real human beings. http://home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm  And here's another link that discusses their ability to feel pain. It's curious that your side always ignores this type of evidence and gets away from it as fast as possible. Nobody wants to admit that the unborn feel pain because that makes it more difficult to accept that they are mindless lumps of tissue.  http://www.gargaro.com/fetalpain.html
Sorry, but I don't see why my rationalisation deserves to be called 'shallow'.  Your rationalisation equates a fertilised egg with a newborn baby. It appeals to 'potential', without being in the slightest consistent regarding the existence of potential in a fertilized egg vs the sperm and egg a nanosecond prior to fertilization. If there is any evidence of superficial thinking to be found in this discussion, I think we will find it there.  Not at all Peeling. You're as wrong as wrong can be. Simply because we don't abort fertilized eggs. and we're not discussing the death of fertilized eggs, but are discussing the abortion of unborn children, or at the very least fetuses. So zygotes and embryos have no place in this abortion discussion. So stop attempting to refocus it as if they do.   It isn't the words I'm choosing that prevents an egg or a zygote or an early-term foetus being a human being with a mind. It's the fact they don't have minds.  It's your opinion. It's not a fact at all. Explain why they can feel pain between 7 and 20 weeks of life if they have no minds? http://www.gargaro.com/fetalpain.html That's a pretty neat trick for someone with no brain.  Again, you're projecting your own argument on to me: you keep using one word, baby, in order to equivocate, to falsely endow a foetus with properties it simply does not have.  Wrong again. I'm referring to the unborn with the same dignity as I would any other human being. After all, an unborn child at the abortion stage has all of the inherent qualities of a born infant except the experience of breathing, itself. Unless you can actually prove that they don't feel pain and can't think or process information while in the womb? Can you actually prove that claim? I think not. But there is strong evidence to support what I'm saying. http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=51723  But studies have shown that your unborn child can hear sounds as early as 20 weeks and will be startled by loud noises at about 25 weeks. Very loud sounds can cause changes in your baby's heart rate and movements, and sometimes even cause them to empty their bladders.  Instead of the womb being the quiet place scientists once assumed, it is actually awash in sounds, particularly the whooshing of your blood and digestive system, the thumping of your heart and your voice, which sounds louder than it would transmitted through the air since it reverberates through the bones and fluids in your body.  Noises from outside your body are more muffled but they also make it through surprisingly clearly, says Robert Abrams, a fetal physiologist in the department of obstetrics and gynecology at University of Florida. Low frequency sounds, such as those above middle C, tend to be more audible than higher frequency ones. Men's voices, for instance, come through clearer than women's, and music also is easily recognizable.  It appears the fetus can even hear specific speech patterns and intonations, although probably not recognize words themselves, Fifer says. Some studies have shown that babies after birth will recognize -- and be comforted by -- a story read repeatedly to them while in the womb or even by particular songs, like the theme from a television show watched regularly during pregnancy. So not only can they feel pain at least as early as 20 weeks, if not earlier, but they can hear and process information at that early stage of development. Remember that it say's above that they feel pain between 7 and 20 weeks, so it's somewhere in between that stage of development. What do you do with that info Peeling?  And how disturbing is this, if it's true Peeling?  http://www.killerartists.com/Aborted.htm
It might be disturbing were it accurate, but as it is physically impossible, it can simply be dismissed as the scaremongering to the credulous which it is.  Why is it physically impossible?
Penfold,  It might be disturbing were it accurate, but as it is physically impossible, it can simply be dismissed as the scaremongering to the credulous which it is.   I, for one, do not care how many parts from how many fetuses or embyonic stem cells are "harvested" if the process can save the life of one person in being from the ravages of ALS, MD, Parkinson's, diabetes, sickle cell disease, Tay-Sachs, or any of a host of diseases.  Poor archie. He can't tell the diffference between an egg and a chicken, an acorn and an oak tree, a fetus and a person.  Actaully, I feel rather sorry for this latest example of Hoffer's True Believer.emoticon_emb  Tell us capO, In your opinion, are these fetuses or babies?  http://home.thezone.net/~nfrtla/photos-aborted-babies.htm
Archie,  Tell us capO, In your opinion, are these fetuses or babies?  No matter how many times I tell you, you don't get it: I'm not in the Mafia, so quit calling me cap0, and, BTW, I don't know WHAT they are since you fail to supply attribution.  Sure capO, then respond to this evidence. And every time you deny who you are, I'll post this as a reminder of who you are.  http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=308110&postcount=162  What I DO know is that a baby isn't a baby until it takes its first breath.  Prove it! and show how that is rational in any way. You're actually saying that 10 seconds before it takes its first breath that a baby is not yet a person? Justify that with any rational proof at all.   You're nothing more than an apologist for murder. How proud you must be.
archie,  You're nothing more than an apologist for murder. How proud you must be.   You're truly getting desperate, old chap.  Now I'm an apologist for murder, eh.  Sorry, burt murder requires a victim, and in abortion, there's no victim.  By the way, if there is a way that I may be of assistance to a woman who has chosen to end her pregnancy (like helping her past the screamers in the vicinity of the clinic), then you're right, I AM proud of the service I have rendered.emoticon_xagree   BTW, the only thing I have confirmed is that I am not a member of the Mafia (your cap0 notwithstanding), so you may feel free to end this obsession with who I am and who employs me any time you choose.  A mafia hitman shows more compassion than you do for your preferred victims capO. Tapping them with 2 bullets to the brain is a quicker death than what you promote in tearing infants from limb to limb.  http://www.abortionno.org/video/ChoiceBlues_ChapterOne-high.wmv
   BTW, nice try at an obvious trick.   What trick is that? Are you suggesting that this video is some trick, and these aren't real limbs of a baby being pulled out of its mother?   http://www.abortionno.org/video/ChoiceBlues_ChapterOne-high.wmv   Or how about this 22 week old abortion victim with a certified pathologists statement confirming what it is.  http://www.priestsforlife.org/resources/abortionimages/aborted01-22.jpg  Or this 24 week old victim.  http://www.priestsforlife.org/resources/abortionimages/aborted01-24.jpg  Are these tricks? Or are you in such denial that rather than face reality you will say that any truthful evidence that offends you is not real?
Archangel,  You seem to often equate even early embryos or zygotes with babies because they will someday become babies - so you attach the value we place on what the fetus will be in the future to what it is at that moment. Your arguements seem to revolve purely around potential. Is there anything that you value in the early fetus/embryo in what it is AT THAT MOMENT, not counting potential?   A way I can think of to address that question is to present a hypothetical - i.e. an early fetus (say 12 weeks old) that, for whatever reason, stops development and never progresses farther. Is there anything you would value in that fetus and, if so, what and why? It will never develop farther into a feeling baby with emotions, thoughts, experiences, etc. It will always stay a partially developed body with no mind of any sort present.   If you wouldn't place much value in such a fetus, then it seems that your argument is purely about potential. I can respect your value for potential but, of course, disagree that it is more important than a woman's right over her own body. If you do place value in that fetus, then I would be very curious what specifically it is that you would value.  Your question is interesting Ao, but not very realistic. But I'll answer it. Assuming a 12 week old fetus stopped developing, and had no hope of ever growing into a viable human being that would one day live independently of its mother; I would accept that it was diseased and after the 9 month gestation period required for a normal pregnancy it should be taken by C- section. If it couldn't survive outside the womb which i expect it couldn't, then so be it. It was given a chance at life and failed to live.  Where my own views are concerned, I would place no value in an early fetus that halted its growth but I would place value in a late fetus because, at that point, it would have some level of mind that I could empathize with. I would be concerned about causing it harm, etc.  And yet in all of these debates you haven't once said that a 20 to 24 week old fetus, or older should be protected against a womans right to abort it.
When you show such images, what is it that you are imagining is happening that drives your repulsion? Are you assuming that the fetus is suffering? What if you knew for sure that it was not, would that change your view about what you were looking at?   As an aside, here is an image of a postmortem autopsy that generates many of the same feelings of disgust and horror that the early to mid term abortion photos generate. However, here, we know intellectually that the corpse did not suffer any pain and we can quickly adapt our gut reaction to a more intellectual one. Why can't we use the same intellect to realize that those early fetuses and embryos also don't feel pain or have any sensation or mind. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Modern_autopsy.jpg  Your comparison has no merit at all. A corpse is dead when the procedure is started on it. An unborn child is not. And unless you can prove beyond a shadow of a doubt exactly when the unborn can feel pain, and you can't prove it unless you're GOD, then all you're doing is guessing and assuming they can't feel in order to ease your own guilt.
Archie,  Assuming a 12 week old fetus stopped developing, and had no hope of ever growing into a viable human being that would one day live independently of its mother; I would accept that it was diseased and after the 9 month gestation period required for a normal pregnancy it should be taken by C- section.  So you would require that a woman carry a dead fetus within her for 28 weeks.  For what purpose??  How sick can one person be??  It will never develop farther into a feeling baby with emotions, thoughts, experiences, etc. It will always stay a partially developed body with no mind of any sort present.   Read Ao's example again schmuck, it doesn't say the baby is dead, but that it isn't developing any further. So of course she wouldn't be carrying a dead fetus within her. If the fetus died, she would spontaneously abort it as a miscarriage. Don't you have even the most basic understanding of the biology of a pregnancy?
Archie,  Read Ao's example again schmuck, it doesn't say the baby is dead, but that it isn't developing any further.   That's a distinction without a difference.  You would still condemn a woman to carry the fetus to term.  As I said, how sick can one person be?emoticon_mad  BTW, I fail to understand why you think calling someone a schmuck is derogatory.   That's my best part; sorry about you.  It's a huge distinction capO, you implied she would be carrying a dead fetus for 9 months and I showed that neither Ao was suggesting that in his scenario, nor is it possible due to something called a spontaneous miscarriage. So again, you call endorsing a very natural function, sick.   And why do you assume I was going for derogatory? I was going for an apt description of you, and nothing more. ;) And I hit the nail right on the head; don't you think?   schmuck | sh m&#601;k| (also shmuck) noun informal a foolish or contemptible person. ORIGIN late 19th cent.: from Yiddish shmok 'penis.' 
Archie,  In either case, you would require that the poor woman carry this THING inside her for 28 weeks.  Again, how sick is that??!!  Only to someone who endorses murdering the unborn could carrying a child to term be considered a sick and inhumane act.  ORIGIN late 19th cent.: from Yiddish shmok 'penis.'  YEP!!  No complaints to date. Sorry about yours.  Thanks!  emoticon_xgood Sure thing capO, what ever you say. emoticon_wow   http://wizbangblog.com/content/2004/10/18/abc-news-republ.php
Even if it did actually live, what kind of being do you think would actually be alive? Since my hypothetical stated that this fetus would never develop beyond the state that it was as 12 weeks, this would mean that it would have no mind, no emotions, no thoughts - it would just be an underdeveloped body. I suppose that some future technology might have the capability of keeping such a being alive indefinitely but, again, what exactly do you think would be alive? What would be the value of a being that is only body, no mind? Perhaps you think such a being would have a soul and, through that soul, some sense of mental existence. If so, then I could understand your view as well, though I would disagree in an existence of a soul in that fetus. What if it had no soul? Would that matter to you? In other words, if it really was JUST a living body - no mind and no soul.  Ao, here is a photo of a 21 week old baby outside the womb, and these babies live all the time now. 24 weeks is a 6 month old fetus/child. http://cellar.org/iotd.php?threadid=13397 At this age this child is a thinking, feeling human being with all of the parts we have, only much smaller and less developed.   If the child was destined to never develop or grow as your hypothetical claims, then at birth it would die and I would accept that as Gods will. My argument is that it deserves a fighting chance just as this 21 week old preemie deserved, that as you can see has survived and flourished against all odds. It is humanities nature to always reach for life which is why abortion is such an unnatural solution to the problem it is used to rectify. It is overkill if you will.   A 20 to 24 week old fetus is still too early to experience pain since its cerebral cortex and connections to it are not sufficiently developed. At least that is the consensus view of scientists that I have read from a few such scientific group summaries. The 24th week starts getting closer to that fuzzy edge of the beginnings of cortical development that start allowing for the higher level brain functions that define mentality. I often have stated that I understand mental existence to be able to begin "around the beginning of the third trimester". Official start of the third trimester is apparently the 29th week. Many scientific reviews start mentioning relevant progress even a few weeks earlier than that, which is why I have left that point not firmly set but use the word "about". Any legal ruling on abortion restrictions based on such initial mental development would have to have a much more extensive scientific debate and discussion to come to some date that gives enough benefit of the doubt.   Either way, nearly all scientists (at least the ones that are able to defend their views fully to the scientific community) deny that first trimester fetuses and embryos can have any sense of mind, pain, etc. Therefore, I have no problem with first trimester abortions - where the great majority of abortions happen. The only question for me is where in that late second term or beginning of third trimester should one set the dividing line.  Then how do you explain this? http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2001/08/28/nprem28.xml  Very premature babies may need pain relieving drugs  By Roger Highfield, Science Editor Last Updated: 11:57pm BST 27/08/2001  THE unborn child may be able to feel pain as early as 20 weeks into pregnancy, a finding that suggests pain relief should be considered for the 2,500 extremely premature babies born each year who may be subjected to painful procedures.  The head of a government-appointed expert group said a foetus was definitely aware of pain by 24 weeks, perhaps as early as 20 weeks, according to a review of the latest research.  The Medical Research Council's expert group, chaired by Prof Eve Johnstone of Edinburgh University, makes a strong case for additional research on ways to prevent the unnecessary suffering of extremely premature children.  Prof Johnstone said these babies had to undergo painful procedures, such as heel pricks, blood monitoring, injections and insertion of breathing tubes. "We ought to study this carefully." So what have I shown here? Above I have shown that a 21 week old preemie can survive outside of the womb and that it obviously has a mind, feelings and a soul as it is a living person at that point. And here I have shown that it has been proven that fetuses at that age DO FEEL PAIN. And yet we still allow them to be aborted and the abortion industry is fighting any legislation requiring the use of pain relievers during abortions.   Does that make sense to you? Does that cause you to respect this multi-billion dollar industry that survives on the corpses of 1.3 million murdered children a year? And yes Ao, I continue to refer to them as children because if the practice of abortion was never conceived of in this Country, then each year, 1.3 million more new babies would be born on average than are currently allowed to exist.
Archie,  http://wizbangblog.com/content/2004/...ews-republ.php  If Coulter and Ingram are your idea of "Hot Chicks", I can understand why my best part is not yours.  Suffering from Limp Noodle Disease, eh?:)  Your link is as dead as your sex life capO; and Who mentioned Coulter and Ingram? And how do you come up with your imaginary scenarios which are based on nothing being discussed at all? Are you so frustrated at all of your lame and off topic responses being refuted so easily by me that you think attacking my sex life is the way to go?   Please tell us when you were in our bedroom, or feel free to post the video my wife sent you if you think it will help prove your point. And I say my wife, because I know I haven't sent you any videos. So on what basis do you attack my sex life capO? Are you so sexually frustrated that you must attack the sex life of someone you don't even know in order to feel like a man?
We're talking about pain relief being applied just in case. It's very rare for a 21 week old to survive. Most legal abortions take place before this time. Doctors are ethical people, as are women. Abortions have always taken place. Safe, legal abortions are the difference between now and then, and even there(where it's illegal) and here. Women's lives and health are being saved by safe, legal abortion.  Women should be the ones in control. It's not a subjective notion of a supernatural being which has no evidence of existence which should be in control. Her humanity involves being in control and making decisions about her body and reproduction. She's not a container, not a reproduction machine. Her life is not such a misery, hopefully. She can think.  You see Jake, I actually agree with the bolded in principle. But in "factual reality" I still oppose the application of a woman's right over her own body where the death of another human being is concerned. All human beings deserve ultimate control over their own bodies, but as adults we are all also responsible for our own actions and conduct, and under no other circumstances can you show where because of the actions of a responsible adult, a totally innocent bystander can be needlessly murdered/denied life for the personal convenience of the perpetrator who caused the problem to exist completely apart from the person being killed in order to correct the presumed problem.  Under your scenario, if a man beats his pregnant girlfriend and her unborn baby dies, the man could never be charged with murder, right? He hasn't actually killed a person, right? I mean, 3rd degree assault makes perfect sense for beating his girlfriend, but explain the second degree murder charge if you can. Here's an excerpt.  http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,249107,00.html Man Charged With Murder After Beating Pregnant Girlfriend on Tape, Causing Miscarriage  Wednesday, January 31, 2007   The boyfriend of a pregnant 18-year-old woman smirked and posed for an apartment building security camera before brutally beating her, causing her to miscarry, according to a complaint filed against the man. The Minnesota man was charged with second-degree murder on Tuesday in the death of his girlfriend's unborn child, marking rare use of a state law that allows a murder charge even though the mother survived. The couple also has a 6-month-old child together.  Dino M. Scott, 20, smirked and made an obscene gesture on camera before he beat Namrata Ceisel on Sunday, the criminal complaint alleged. She later suffered a miscarriage.  Scott was charged with murder of an unborn child in the second degree, plus third-degree assault.
  Btw, are you ever going to defend your claim about Co2 being the key gas rather then O2 in aerobic respiration? You've posted pretty regularly since and haven't been back that thread yet.  I just noticed this so I thought I'd respond to it. In your usual corrupt way you have once again twisted what I posted with the intent of insulting my intelligence. But rather than debate it here, direct me to the thread it took place on and we'll deal with it there where the article I posted is found.
 It can't survive apart from her, and it is part of her, not really a "bystander". Yes, I can think of such a situation where others do not get what they want at the expense of my desires and convenience. No one can force me to give away a kidney, even if it could save someone's life. That is my choice.   Hi Jake, and No, it isn't a part of her. It's reliant upon her for nourishment for a definite temporary amount of time. But it is definitely destined to become a unique and independent human being. Beside, the only reason the baby exists at all is due to the actions of the parents and not because of anything the child did to cause or create the problem of its existence. So why should he pay with his life for a problem he never created?  Regarding your kidney analogy, a more accurate correlation that would fit is that a person could go out and knowingly destroy their kidney by doing all the wrong things after being told they're diabetic, for example, and yet once they have done the damage, they are able to pull an innocent person from a crowd and force that person to donate their kidney to them against that innocent persons will who had nothing at all to do with creating the problem.  That's the law. Although, it involves different issues from a chosen abortion, in that the woman didn't have a choice. She didn't choose to have her pregnancy terminated that way. Still, I think it's a flawed law that could be used to re-interpret laws that impact women's choices, in favour of the unborn. It should not be treated as a person. We need better laws to protect women. So, even though it impacted her choice, and these laws are often under the guise of protecting women, women can be best protected by laws that protect women, not laws that treat the fetus as a separate entity or person.  Sure, that's the law. But why can they have it both ways? Either the child is not a person and has no rights of a person until it's born, Which is how pro abortionists justify infanticide or it does have rights of a person and deserves to be protected in the womb. It's like society is saying that in this one instance in society, we will leave it up to the individual woman how we will define her unborn baby. If she doesn't want to keep or protect her baby, we will allow her to label it a non person and a stranger can go in and forcefully kill/abort that healthy developing child.  On the other hand, if the woman happens to want to keep and protect her unborn baby, we will allow her to label it a person and if a stranger forces himself upon her and kills/aborts her healthy developing child against her will; he will be charged with murder. My problem here is that it isn't the baby itself that is being considered in defining its value as a person, but its the mothers opinion that determines its value as a human being.   Name me another scenario in life where one gender or class of person can determine the value of another class of person and where that definition changes according to the whims of the controlling class of person?
Your analogy fails on multiple levels.  For one thing, you keep pushing this false image of abortion, as if it were something careless, irresponsible couples offhandedly jot down on a notepad stuck to the fridge underneath 'buy more milk'. Most contraceptive methods are around 98-99% effective over the course of a year if used properly, which means that over the course of a year, one in a hundred women will fall pregnant despite diligent precautions. There are over 100,000,000 women in the USA. Not all are of childbearing age, but do the math. The notion that abortion is nothing but a get-out-of-parenthood-free card for the irresponsible is nonsense.  You've made absolute statements but have proven nothing Peeling. With 1.4 million abortions a year in America, here are some stats that speak volumes to the fact that the health of the mother, nor the condition of the fetus is even considered when compiling numbers for why abortions take place. And neither do your alleged facts correlate with statistics from a reputable source. Facts on Induced Abortion in the United States  January 2008 INCIDENCE OF ABORTION  &#8226; Nearly half of pregnancies among American women are unintended, and four in 10 of these are terminated by abortion.[1] Twenty-two percent of all pregnancies (excluding miscarriages) end in abortion.[2] &#8226; In 2005, 1.21 million abortions were performed, down from 1.31 million in 2000. From 1973 through 2005, more than 45 million legal abortions occurred.[2] &#8226; Each year, about two out of every 100 women aged 15&#8211;44 have an abortion; 47% of them have had at least one previous abortion.[3] Number of abortions per 1,000 women aged 15-44, by year  &#8226; At least half of American women will experience an unintended pregnancy by age 45[4], and, at current rates, about one-third will have had an abortion.[5,6] WHO HAS ABORTIONS?  &#8226; Fifty percent of U.S. women obtaining abortions are younger than 25: Women aged 20&#8211;24 obtain 33% of all abortions, and teenagers obtain 17%.[7] &#8226; Black women are 4.8 times as likely as non-Hispanic white women to have an abortion, and Hispanic women are 2.7 times as likely.[7] &#8226; Forty-three percent of women obtaining abortions identify themselves as Protestant, and 27% as Catholic.[3] &#8226; Women who have never married obtain two-thirds of all abortions.[7] &#8226; About 60% of abortions are obtained by women who have one or more children.[7] &#8226; The abortion rate among women living below the federal poverty level ($9,570 for a single woman with no children) is more than four times that of women above 300% of the poverty level (44 vs. 10 abortions per 1,000 women).*[3] &#8226; The reasons women give for having an abortion underscore their understanding of the responsibilities of parenthood and family life. Three-fourths of women cite concern for or responsibility to other individuals; three-fourths say they cannot afford a child; three-fourths say that having a baby would interfere with work, school or the ability to care for dependents; and half say they do not want to be a single parent or are having problems with their husband or partner.[8] CONTRACEPTIVE USE  &#8226; Fifty-four percent of women who have abortions had used a contraceptive method (usually the condom or the pill) during the month they became pregnant. Among those women, 76% of pill users and 49% of condom users report having used their method inconsistently, while 13% of pill users and 14% of condom users report correct use.[9] &#8226; Forty-six percent of women who have abortions had not used a contraceptive method during the month they became pregnant. Of these women, 33% had perceived themselves to be at low risk for pregnancy, 32% had had concerns about contraceptive methods, 26% had had unexpected sex and 1% had been forced to have sex.[9] &#8226; Eight percent of women who have abortions have never used a method of birth control; nonuse is greatest among those who are young, poor, black, Hispanic or less educated.[9] &#8226; About half of unintended pregnancies occur among the 11% of women who are at risk for unintended pregnancy but are not using contraceptives. Most of these women have practiced contraception in the past.[1,10]http://www.guttmacher.org/pubs/fb_induced_abortion.html  Secondly, there is no similarity between aborting a foetus and yanking a full grown adult randomly out of a crowd and operating on him. The former has the potential to eventually become conscious, aware, and capable of suffering, provided the mother consents to continue her vital role in its development, while the other is already conscious, aware, and capable of suffering.  That difference is Irrelevant to the debate Peeling. Both the child and the stranger are innocent of being the cause of the problem in any way, for which they are being required to be the fix for, both against their wills and due to nothing they did to cause the problem. That is the relevant issue in the hypothetical.  False. If you were right, the mother would be legally entitled to abort her foetus at any stage, which isn't the case. First and foremost the developmental status of the foetus takes precedence, with the mother's wishes only considered should circumstances permit.  Have you never heard of late term abortions Peeling? But of course data is lacking on this most vile aspect of the Industry as it protects itself from we terrible pro-lifers. Here are some facts to get you up to speed.  http://www.nrlc.org/NRLCintheNews/WashPost041907.html  Easy: any rights you have to exercise control over your own children that do not apply to some random stranger in the street.  Are you actually saying that a parent has the legal right to kill his own children Peeling? Because that's what we're discussing here you know. The right of a parent to abort/kill their unborn baby.
You, along with many anti choice people, seem to be confused. Abortion is not about the fetus. Abortion is about the state telling a woman what she can and can not do with her body.   Is abortion an evil, vile practice? Yes it is, you will get no arguement from me. The state has no right to tell a woman that she has to carry a tumor in her, that eats at her body and health if that is the way she views the fetus.  Why is it an evil vile practice?
Why is it an evil vile practice?  Why are you asking Matthew any question at all? Are you actually expecting to get a rational answer from him? His post makes clear where his values lie and like capO, they aren't with the only victim of abortion, but lay with the perpetrators.
Matthew,  The state has no right to tell a woman that she has to carry a tumor in her, that eats at her body and health if that is the way she views the fetus.  This is the plain and simple truth that the profetallifers who post here refuse to allow themselves to understand. What most pro-lifers who post here know is that it is nonsensical for a moral and truth relativist to suggest that something is immoral and ought not to be done.
Then why, pray tell, do you persist in your immoral stand which would allow the government to intrude on the most intimate, private decision a woman can ever make?:( Again, I cannot divine what you, a moral relativist, mean by calling my stand immoral. I really wish I could understand you, but you are talking nonsense.
Just because I believe in the freedom of the individual, minding my own business when it come to others lives, I am not rational?   Yeah matt, sure. You're real concerned for the individual's freedom and rights. Just not the unborn babies individual rights even though he did nothing to cause the problem at all. He is an innocent victim who is killed because you won't speak for him. You're too concerned about protecting the rights of the woman who caused the problem to begin with. It's only her rights that you're willing to speak out to protect.  So forgive me if I can't feel your compassion when you say how much you hate the ONE MILLION, THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND ABORTIONS THAT TAKE PLACE EACH YEAR IN AMERICA ALONE.
Archie,  So forgive me if I can't feel your compassion when you say how much you hate the ONE BILLION, THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND ABORTIONS THAT TAKE PLACE EACH YEAR IN AMERICA ALONE.  HMMM. Let's see now.  The total population of the USA is ~300M.  Let's assume that half, or ~150M are female.  Let's further assume that of this ~150M female Americans, 25%-50% are of childbearing age.  That would give us ~37.5-75M fertile American women.  Now, Archie tells us that there are 1,000,300,000 abortions per annum in the USA.  Do the math!  And Archie thinks OTHERS are irrational.emoticon_smile  What is so sad is that you know that was a typo on my part capO. I have posted the number of abortions at approximately 1.3 to 1.4 million per year through out this whole thread. But of course you would use an honest mistake as a weapon since you can't stand against my arguments honestly. emoticon_xgood But thanks for pointing it out so I could correct it at its source for accuracy.
And does anyone around who defends abortion, care about the psychological impact the procedure has on the women who receive them? Does anyone here actually think it's a healthy experience for a woman who emotionally bonds with a child within her womb to participate in its violent death and not suffer any psychological consequences? Is this side affect of killing ones own progeny matter at all to any liberals around here?   http://www.nrlc.org/abortion/ASMF/asmf14.html Is Abortion Safe? Psychological Consequences  Clinical research provides a growing body of scientific evidence that having an abortion can cause psychological harm to some women. "Women who report negative after-effects from abortion know exactly what their problem is," observed psychologist Wanda Franz, Ph.D., in a March 1989 congressional hearing on the impact of abortion. "They report horrible nightmares of children calling them from trash cans, of body parts, and blood," Franz told the Congressional panel. "When they are reminded of the abortion," Franz testified, "the women re-experienced it with terrible psychological pain ... They feel worthless and victimized because they failed at the most natural of human activities -- the role of being a mother."[106]  The emergence of chemical abortion methods poses a new possibly more devastating psychological threat. Unlike surgical abortions, in which women rarely see the cut up body parts, women having chemical abortions often do see the complete tiny bodies of their unborn children and are even able to distinguish the child's developing hands, eyes, etc. [107] So traumatic is this for some women that both patients and researchers involved in these studies have recommended that women unprepared for the experience of seeing their aborted children not take the drugs. [108] Long-term psychological implications of this experience have not been studied.  Researchers on the after-effects of abortion have identified a pattern of psychological problems known as Post-Abortion Syndrome (PAS). Women suffering PAS may experience drug and alcohol abuse, personal relationship disorders, sexual dysfunction, repeated abortions, communications difficulties, damaged self-esteem, and even attempt suicide. Post-Abortion Syndrome appears to be a type of pattern of denial which may last for five to ten years before emotional difficulties surface. [109]  Now that some clinicians have established that there is an identifiable patterns to PAS, they face a new challenge. What is still unknown is how widespread psychological problems are among women who have had abortions. A Los Angeles Times survey in 1989 found that 56% of women who had abortions felt guilty about it, and 26% "mostly regretted the abortion."[110] Clinicians' current goal should be to conduct extensive national research studies to obtain data on the psychological after-effects of abortion.[111]  With the growing awareness of Post Abortion Syndrome in scholarly and clinical circles, women with PAS can expect to receive a more sensitive appreciation of the suffering that they endure. Fortunately, a growing network of peer support groups of women who have had abortions offers assistance to women who are experiencing emotional difficulties.  Many post-abortive women have also been speaking out publicly about their own abortion experiences and the healing process they went through.. Women or family members seeking information about this particular outreach can contact American Victims of Abortion, 419 7th Street, NW, Suite 500, Washington, D.C., 20004.
Does Archie give a rat's XXX that women/couples who aren't really ready for parenthood but who have the child anyway also face hardships? Hell, McScreamy, you've already admitted that there are hardships; why do you get to declare that psychological problems are universally worse than effects such as severe financial woes that result in very unfortunate living conditions, malnutrition, and psychological effects of their own? What about children who are positively unwanted? What about children whose parents don't have the proper resources? Why do you get to declare that the mothers should be required to possibly deal with these issues instead of letting them make their own decision because of your overemphasis of psychological effects of abortion on the mother? But then, you didn't even try to answer these questions when I asked them before, so I don't really expect you to address them here, either. On the other hand, maybe you just forgot, so I'll give you another chance. Else, we'll be forced to conclude that you read my arguments, had no counterarguments whatsoever, but continue to use the same stupid argumentation that has failed and failed and failed...   1) It's not a child. 2) It's not violent. 3) It's not a death. 4) People experience psychological effects from things like relationship beginnings, highlights, lowlights, and endings, so should we outlaw relationships, too?   Does the whole idea of forcing your will upon other people just get you off or something? Does freedom mean nothing to you Bible-thumping neocons?  How pathetic. You can't even be a smartXXX without being a dum-- ... yeah.  How typical lyte. Rather than answer a very valid question that's based on very real symptoms and medical evidence in an abortion debate, you choose to once again lash out at me personally while never even responding to the issue of the psychological effects of abortion on women at all. Real intelligent and mature response lyte. Exactly what I expected of you. And does anyone around who defends abortion, care about the psychological impact the procedure has on the women who receive them? Does anyone here actually think it's a healthy experience for a woman who emotionally bonds with a child within her womb to participate in its violent death and not suffer any psychological consequences? Is this side affect of killing ones own progeny matter at all to any liberals around here?   And beside that lyte, you ignorantly claim the following, and I quote:  1) It's not a child. 2) It's not violent. 3) It's not a death.   So I realize you'll just reject and ignore my words lyte, but what does this picture reveal to you?  http://www.nrlc.org/abortion/ASMF/asmf14.html Isn't this a picture of a dead child?  So, I'll ask one more time. Any comment on the posted evidence or do you just want to reduce this thread to another flamefest because you're unable to deal with my arguments again? Will this be your usual M.O. with every response you ever make to me that you can't refute? Is Abortion Safe? Psychological Consequences  Clinical research provides a growing body of scientific evidence that having an abortion can cause psychological harm to some women. "Women who report negative after-effects from abortion know exactly what their problem is," observed psychologist Wanda Franz, Ph.D., in a March 1989 congressional hearing on the impact of abortion. "They report horrible nightmares of children calling them from trash cans, of body parts, and blood," Franz told the Congressional panel. "When they are reminded of the abortion," Franz testified, "the women re-experienced it with terrible psychological pain ... They feel worthless and victimized because they failed at the most natural of human activities -- the role of being a mother."[106]  The emergence of chemical abortion methods poses a new possibly more devastating psychological threat. Unlike surgical abortions, in which women rarely see the cut up body parts, women having chemical abortions often do see the complete tiny bodies of their unborn children and are even able to distinguish the child&#8217;s developing hands, eyes, etc. [107] So traumatic is this for some women that both patients and researchers involved in these studies have recommended that women unprepared for the experience of seeing their aborted children not take the drugs. [108] Long-term psychological implications of this experience have not been studied.  Researchers on the after-effects of abortion have identified a pattern of psychological problems known as Post-Abortion Syndrome (PAS). Women suffering PAS may experience drug and alcohol abuse, personal relationship disorders, sexual dysfunction, repeated abortions, communications difficulties, damaged self-esteem, and even attempt suicide. Post-Abortion Syndrome appears to be a type of pattern of denial which may last for five to ten years before emotional difficulties surface. [109]  Now that some clinicians have established that there is an identifiable patterns to PAS, they face a new challenge. What is still unknown is how widespread psychological problems are among women who have had abortions. A Los Angeles Times survey in 1989 found that 56% of women who had abortions felt guilty about it, and 26% "mostly regretted the abortion."[110] Clinicians&#8217; current goal should be to conduct extensive national research studies to obtain data on the psychological after-effects of abortion.[111]  With the growing awareness of Post Abortion Syndrome in scholarly and clinical circles, women with PAS can expect to receive a more sensitive appreciation of the suffering that they endure. Fortunately, a growing network of peer support groups of women who have had abortions offers assistance to women who are experiencing emotional difficulties.  Many post-abortive women have also been speaking out publicly about their own abortion experiences and the healing process they went through.. Women or family members seeking information about this particular outreach can contact American Victims of Abortion, 419 7th Street, NW, Suite 500, Washington, D.C., 20004.
  BTW, how could a MILLION be typoed into a BILLION?  Uhh, by putting a "B" where there should have been an "M"? As tough as that is for you to comprehend. That's what a typo is.
Perhaps we should outlaw those religions. It's not psychologically good for these poor, misguided people. Their tortured souls. And sociological studies show that the effects of these beliefs systems (in countries, for example, where abortion is outlawed) are vile and evil. Yes, let's help them with these religious choices they make that have gone astray. They will feel better. We know what's best for them.I sure hope that was sarcasm because this kind of thinking (bolded for emphasis) is more dangerous than faith.
I think abortion is vile and evil but it is not my place to tell someone else what to do with their body. I will not impose my morals upon others where it does not effect my life. Why do you think it is vile and evil?
Perhaps we should outlaw those religions. It's not psychologically good for these poor, misguided people. Their tortured souls. And sociological studies show that the effects of these beliefs systems (in countries, for example, where abortion is outlawed) are vile and evil. Yes, let's help them with these religious choices they make that have gone astray. They will feel better. We know what's best for them.  I sure hope that was sarcasm because this kind of thinking (bolded for emphasis) is more dangerous than faith.  Irony, Bassman. I think that is the essence of Archangel's position.  Speak for yourself antonia, not for me. It's your side that is attempting to legislate your version of how Society should look. All Conservatives are trying to do is preserve the moral center this Nation once stood for. So don't attribute to me what it is that you are promoting in your blatant support for a neo marxist socialist like Hillbilly Clinton.
Archie.  All Conservatives are trying to do is preserve the moral center this Nation once stood for.   At one time, the moral center of this country stood for slavery, and many churchers and churches supported that moral center as well. Times change, have you?;)   Again you speak your ignorance just to see your words in print capO. Wasn't Lincoln the Republican President who had to War with the Democratic South that fought so hard to preserve their right to own slaves? It should also be pointed out that among the many of the safe houses that made up the underground railroad that protected escaping slaves from the cruelty and bondage of the South, to the safety and opportunities that existed only in Canada were churches, even before the civil war brought abolition to the slaves. So it wasn't the churches that were promoting slavery, but they were working toward ending it.   Now let's jump forward to the 1964 Civil Rights Act; if you really seek the truth, you'll find that the Republican Civil Rights Bill in Congress was being vigorously fought, and completely rejected by the Democratically controlled Congress. Even President Johnson rejected it until the public outcry became so loud that rather than continue to expose the Washington Democrats to revealing their blatant racism, Johnson wrote and submitted a watered down bill that wasn't nearly as inclusive as the Republican Bill that the dems quickly and begrudgingly approved, passed, and took credit for.
Archie,  Wasn't Lincoln the Republican President who had to War with the Democratic South that fought so hard to preserve their right to own slaves?  Isn't it somewhat amazing to you that the Rebuttlickan and Democratic Parties have completely switched positions on equality,   Only in your warped imagination is that true.  Isn't it ironic that today it is the Rebuttlickan party is the party in support of the slavery of the woman to her fetus?  That isn't endorsing slavery capO, that's expecting adults to take responsibility for their own actions. Of course, as a loony liberal you'd find that concept offensive.  If Lincoln and Teddy Roosevelt were alive today, they would be Democrats.:)   Huh!!! Dream on capO, that's what you do best. emoticon_xgood You do realize though, that if JFK was alive today, based on his actual policies as President, he definitely would align more with Republicans than Democrats. A case in point is that his very first official act as President was to give the American people a Tax Cut.  Since they are not, it falls to today's Democrats to fend of your offensive and intrusive attempts to regulate the most personal and private decision a woman will ever confront.  Keep your laws off the women in my and every other family!emoticon_angry  Someone has to speak up for the 1.3+ million voiceless innocent babies that are butchered each year by way of legalized infanticide that you so proudly revel in. I post these two videos in the hope that you'll get an education in human compassion and sensitivity for your fellow human being. That maybe, just maybe you'll learn that where as pregnancy is an inconvenience for a woman, abortion is a death sentence for the child.  http://youtube.com/watch?v=THS2zZ4m260&feature=related Part 1  http://youtube.com/watch?v=T33BpDzkDOs&feature=related Part 2
Archie,  That maybe, just maybe you'll learn that where as pregnancy is an inconvenience for a woman, abortion is a death sentence for the child.   Get this.  You may think it's a "child"; you may believe it's a "child"; you may wish it's a "child", but it's not a child until it's born.  Now, go away very nicely and quietly and do not disturb the women in my family any longer. We have made our choice.:xbanghead  You see, here's the thing capO, I just can't believe you're that ignorant to actually believe your own words. But I do believe that being a loony lefty, that you're that good at being in denial of reality. So here's another video. Let's see you deny that these are human children.  http://youtube.com/watch?v=kgiTrQkH9Jg&feature=related
Archie,  Let's see you deny that these are human children.  Checked you supposed agitprop link. It led nowhere.  In any case, you still are conflating eggs with chickens and acorns with oaks.  Also, you really need to cease your obsession with the Mafia.  Even IF I were a capO, you wouldn't qualify for admission.emoticon_smile  The link works just fine, and you know it. http://youtube.com/watch?v=kgiTrQkH9Jg&feature=related So remain in your denial of the value of these innocent children capO, It will be on your head. And you're not a capO, but your banned handle was thecapO, remember? But you know that too. You're just in all kinds of denial tonight aren't you. See, here again is the evidence. http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=308110&postcount=162 Still denying it capO? I mean, you made it up, not me.
Archie,  So remain in your denial of the value of these innocent children capO, It will be on your head.  The only thing that is on my head is hair, not enough, but hair nevertheless. Call us when you learn the difference between a fertilized egg and a chicken, an acorn and an oak tree, OK?:)   This is a fertilized egg, or a zygote: http://www.fotosearch.com/LIF126/3d605008/   This is a photo of a 24 week old child that was born premature at 21 1/2 weeks after conception: http://www.endtimeprophecy.net/EPN-1/Articles/Articles-Abrt/5-21week.html  So I ask you once again capO, can you tell the difference between a fertilized egg and a 24 week old BABY that technically shouldn't be born for 12 more weeks? Is that baby just an undeveloped egg? Or a soulless non human?   Maybe now you'll stop making absolute claims about the chicken and the egg and consider what actually gets aborted.
Archie,  This is a photo of a 24 week old child that was born premature at 21 1/2 weeks after conception:  If the woman who gave birth to that micro-preemie CHOSE to carry her pregnancy to delivery, I mourn her loss.  If other women make other choices, that's none of your, my, or anyone else's business.  Now, that wasn't so terribly difficult, was it?;)  Obviously the murder of 1.3 million babies a year isn't difficult for you capO, but yes, it is difficult for me. So you just refuse to acknowledge the obvious, right? OK then capO, I accept that you're a dedicated reprobate anti-lifer. And you surely know where I stand on this issue. Stop responding to my posts and we wont have any more run ins. Just stop trolling after my arguments and I wont ask admin to do an IP address check on your 3rd handle. Deal? Leave me alone and I'll leave you alone. I have no desire at all to deal with such a morally pathetic human being like you most assuredly are anymore.
A consistant pro-choice view is that a woman would be justified in killing a newborn baby, or "allowing it to starve" (to be politically incorrect) if she did not want to offer her bodily resources as nutrition and if there were no other options.    How about this chloe - that would be murder. That baby is alive. A fetus, no matter which way you slice it, is not a person. The argument that life begins at conception or at the quickening or when daddy blows a wad, is at its face flawed. To make this point, some eggs that are "conceived" don't attach to the lining of the uterus and are rejected from the body during menstruation. Are we to say that those are lost souls?   Here is an idea, if you don't like abortion, don't have one. But don't stand in front of a clinic and throw mean words and lettuce, I assume, or maybe cabbage, at some girl who has to make a hard decision. Don't go on tv and pound fist on table railing of the evil's of abortion. Make the decision yourself and believe me, your mind will be changed.   It is sad that abortion is necessary. But I really have to hand it to the pro-lifers. Not teaching teens about condoms, I guess helps make more abortions. Abstinence doesn't reduce sexual promiscuity and activity, it only increase risky sexual behavior. So you made your bed, sleep in it!  Thier is a big difference between an unfortunant event such as a miscariage and an abortion. And thier are many people who are willing to adopt, my parents have dedicated thier lives to adopting mentally dissabled and troubled children and have made a huge difference in lives. And I dont stand in front of clinics and I am not mean to those who have abortions, but It should be illegal and I will support in making illegal. The bottom line is we all know, including these teenagers that having sex has many consequenses and if you cant take responsibilty then dont have sex. These women are ignorant cowards. You know if someone kills a women who is preagnant that person is charged with not only the murder of the mother but also the unborn child, and a women who has an abortion should be charged with murder and senenced to the max for the simple fact that abortions are a brutal act of violence against a child. And by the way the doctor should be charged to!
Freedom of choice should be illegal? emoticon_rolleyes That is pretty warped and asinine. Should it also be illegal for a woman to take vitamins? According to you - yes - because a certain dosage of vitamin C will cause a miscarriage. You'll NEVER stop abortions as they have been happening since mankind has first walked this Earth. One way or another women will control their own bodies regardless of slavery nazis like yourself who try to control women, and only see women as being invisible.   Wow, what in your head makes you think that's OK? emoticon_rolleyes First of all it isn't murder, so please learn the very basic definition of the words you 'try' to use. Secondly, according to your so-called reasoning, if a woman dies while giving birth then the baby should also be sentenced to the max for committing her murder. Deal with it.  OK, well freedom of choice is ####, We do not have freedom if we kill someone and I beg to differ but abortion is murder, and a very brutall murder at that. If a women does not want a child then she should close them legs and keep them that way. If her life is in danger then again keep those legs closed, adoption is a great choice.
I'm sure our founding fathers appreciate your ignorance. Maybe since you don't appreciate freedom of choice you should move to russia where you'll get a refresher course on its importance emoticon_xgood    You can beg all you want but it does NOT meet ANY of the terms qualifications. Deal with it. In society you can't just make up your own definitions for words like you do. Do you know what they medically call someone that makes up their own definitions to words? Psychotic ;)   Now you're just being ignorant emoticon_rolleyes Thank God for Karma and the fact that people who think like you usually end up having a bad life from all the bad energy generated around them. How poetic emoticon_xbye  I am not the one having a bad life, I did not abort my children. As far as freedom goes you dont have the freedom to kill your neighbor, but the freedom to kill your child
You can't say that as there is a lot that can happen between now and when it ends. One thing that I know is true, no one, not even you, can out maneuver Karma. All of that bitterness that runs through your veins, all of that hate for fellow adults, all of that justification for all of those lies that you try to convince yourself of, all of that poison in your head that makes you think that you can selfishly control another person... it all adds up in Karmas eyes, and as usual Karma will win. Looks like it sucks to be you, as God sees nothing wrong with abortion, as he causes them through miscarriages everyday of the week emoticon_xbye    Earth to Christina, this is a forum about medical abortion. NO ONE is killing their "neighbors" emoticon_rolleyes  These are some pretty bold threats to Christina considering that you have your own Karma to worry about. Christina's bitterness is called righteous indignation as she is fighting for innocent lives to be saved. Your bitterness is against the defenders of the innocent babies you justify killing for selfish reasons. So who are you to speak for God and place yourself on His level? Because that's what you're doing when you equate a miscarriage with an abortion. I don't believe you're qualified to make such a judgement in His place. I know I'm not, and I have a personal relationship with Him as His Holy Spirit indwells me through Jesus.   So just consider the karma that's awaiting you if you're held accountable for a million+ dead babies each year through abortion, times the number of years you spent defending this infanticide? I would much prefer to be Christina when the judgement day of your karma arrives.
Unfortunately, Archangel, I believe the situation is very simple. Either the woman has rights over her body or the fetus has rights over the woman's body. If the woman is not allowed rights over her own body, the fetus' rights will supercede the woman's rights which means, therefore, all other women's rights will become hollow (all other rights do center upon that particular right, after all). In that situation there is a case to be made that a woman's position is remarkably similar to those times, in history, when she was considered just an object and not a life. Since I believe a woman is a human being and a life, just as every one else is, and I believe her rights are more important than a fetus, I am Pro-Choice. After all, I, personally, cannot understand how someone can say that a fetus (who is not physically, mentally or emotionally matured or developed) has more important rights than that of a woman (who is).  If you are, then, going to speak about responsibility... I have this to say... conception and abortion are two different processes. Really, the real issue between PLers and PCers is abortion NOT conception. If conception WAS also part of the issue, that still does not mean you will have a case to make. If women aren't guaranteed the same sexual freedoms that men are, then we have still, essentially, given a fetus the rights over a woman's body (Men will likely still have all their sexual freedoms and the only difference between men and women, which is relevant to this case, is the FACT that men cannot get pregnant). If you were to attempt to limit BOTH men's and women's sexual freedoms, I'm sure that you would find many obstacles in your path to meet your goal.  There is nothing simple at all about 1.4 million innocent babies being murdered each year ca. But I can't respond any further now as I must hit the sack. I'll try to respond more fully tomorrow. BTW, welcome to the forum. We have other pro lifers who will debate this with you.
You can't say that as there is a lot that can happen between now and when it ends. One thing that I know is true, no one, not even you, can out maneuver Karma. All of that bitterness that runs through your veins, all of that hate for fellow adults, all of that justification for all of those lies that you try to convince yourself of, all of that poison in your head that makes you think that you can selfishly control another person... it all adds up in Karmas eyes, and as usual Karma will win. Looks like it sucks to be you, as God sees nothing wrong with abortion, as he causes them through miscarriages everyday of the week emoticon_xbye    Earth to Christina, this is a forum about medical abortion. NO ONE is killing their "neighbors" emoticon_rolleyes  you are correct this is about abortion, my point is we do not have the right or freedom to kill one another, so how can a mother havethe right to kill her child? And I am not a hateful person, I do not hate one who kills her child, I only wonder why she is so hateful and selfish. And God has the right to take these innocent lives, we do not.
When God causes a miscarage he does not due it in the manner that these doctors do, he does not dismember them or burn them with chemicals as we do. And another point I want to bring up is why doesnt the father have a say in these issues. I dont know about other states but here in Montana parental rights are very protected. A parent can beat thier child and the other parent has to go through hell to abolish parental rights. All persons in a childs life should be involved in all decisions no matter if the child is a fetus or if the child is 10. God does not want abortion if he wanted the child to die he would take it himself and in a less brutal way.emoticon_xangel
You are confusing what an adult does to another living (born) human being with what an adult does to a pre-formed clump of cells. The two are NOT the same and those cells do NOT have to right to hold an adult woman as it's slave or prisoner. There are laws against slavery, rape and making an adult woman do something against her own will. All you're suggesting is that the ZEF should be immune from all laws that govern our society. There is no logic or basis in that. It is just a fantasy that you'd like to see, but it won't happen. You're swimming upstream legally and logically.   She is NOT killing a child emoticon_rolleyes She is killing a ZEF. BIG DIFFERENCE! The fact that you can't understand this difference is why you cannot reason logically.    The ONLY people that are hateful and selfish are the anti-choicers, as they try to force others to do what "they" want others to do. A person has complete control over their OWN body. It is a right protected by law. Guess what? Law also says that you cannot force another person to save your life, even if they are a family member. So if a grown family member doesn't have this right, then what in your mind makes you think that a clump of cells yet to be born does? Again, you are just fantasizing as there is no logic in what you are suggesting.  The pictures I seen were not just a clump of cells, it had arms, legs a head. I myself have taken the morning after pill, I dont consider it to be an abortion, but at 4 weeks these clumps off cells as you put it have heartbeats.
Christina_Castl: When you call abortion murder, do you consider abortion murder at all stages of a pregnancy or only in late term? Assuming that you consider all abortion murder - since the great majority of abortions are performed in the first trimester of pregnancy, what exactly is it that you would think is being murdered? You might call it a "baby" at that stage but what do you think that embryo is at that moment? Do you think it thinks, feels, senses perceptions, feels pain? What specifically is it about what that embryo actually IS that draws your sympathy? Is it only the knowledge of what it will BECOME - i.e. one of us - or is there some aspect of what the embryo is at that early stage that draws your sympathy?   Here, I am trying to distinguish between any value you might place on the embryo due to its potential vs value you place on the embryo for what it actually is at that point in its development (its present, as opposed to its future). Most pro-life arguements seem to revolve around the embryo's potential. Many if not most on the pro-choice side also value potential but not as much as we value the mother's rights over her own body, so arguements purely about potential largely fall on deaf ears.   The pro-life arguement would be more effective in convincing people if genuine reasons were presented for valuing embryos for what they are at that particular state of development. As an example, many on the pro-choice side, including myself, value late term fetuses since they can have the beginnings of a mental existence of some sort so that there is "somebody home" in that body that can potentially suffer, feel, have emotions, etc. For us, that value then supercedes the mother's right to her own body (with the usual exceptions of rape, and risk to mother's life or health) so we would largely agree with restrictions to late term abortions.  I suppose I would call abortion murder after 12 weeks. I myself have taken the morning after pill. I think on my own behalf I did not know what the procedure of an abortion even consisted of untill I watched some vidioes. It is the images that haunt me. I am not much of a debater, I have never really paid attention to these things untill now. I know a couple of people who have had abortions and never paid attention.
Let's see if we get this right.  Christina tells us first that she has borne six children to a man who forced her into her pregnancies. The she tells us she has taken the morning after pill.  Since it's not, by her own definition, murder until after 12 weeks, and since she was forced into her pregnancies by her man, why didn't she take action at, say, 8 or 10 weeks?  As Lewis Carroll told us, "Things get curiouser and curioser."  Is there anyone left with a straight face?  YOU KNOW IF YOU MUST REALLY KNOW IT ALL YES MY EX WAS A LITTLE BIT OFF, HE STILL IS. NOT ALL MY CHILDREN ARE FROM HIM, I AM REMARRIED TO A VERY AWSOME MAN. AND I TOOK THE MORNING AFTER PILL AFTER A VERY UNFORTUNANT EVENT THAT HAPPEND TO ME WHEN I WAS YOUNGER AND I TOOK THE MORNING AFTER PILL WITHIN 24 HOURS OF THIS EVENT. BESIDES THIS IS NOT ABOUT MY LIFE. YOU REMIND ME OF MY EX, HOW DO YOU LIVE WITH YOURSELF ANYWAY? AND I DONT ABORT MY BABIES, I TAKE RESPONSIBILITY. ALSO OUR PASTOR TEACHES IN OUR CHURCH THAT LIFE BEGINS AT THE MOMENT THE EGG AND SPERM MEET.
I have seen these pictures too, only to find out that they were photoshopped for the sole purpose of getting a 'reaction' out of emotionally based "thinkers". These days pictures don't hold much credibility, especially when some 13 year old can fabricated one in less than 15 minutes.   Plan B has nothing to do with abortions. If what's posted above is true about you being forced into pregnancies, then you need to do some sole searching. You shouldn't have to be put into that situation. If this relationship is abusive then you need to seek professional help. This will protect both you and your children.   Red herring. I HAVE DONE MY SOLE SEARCHING THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS I JUST DONT LIKE THE THOUGHT OF A MOTHER ABORTING HER CHILD. BUT MY LIFE AND MY PAST HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS FORUM. I AM NOT GENERALLY INTO POLITICS I JUST STARTED RESEARCHING THIS SUBJECT BECAUSE WE HAD A SERMON ON IT IN MY CHURCH, I DO NOT VOTE, I DONT CARE WHO IS PRESIDENT OR IF POT IS ILLEGAL, I AM JUST SENSITIVE ON THIS PARTICULAR SUBJECT.
Christina you have every right to have those opinions, BUT you do not have the right to control another person. That is where you cross the line. Holding on to your own opinions is perfectly fine. Trying to force someone else to live according to 'your opinions' is not. This is the biggest problem with anti-choicers, like a moth drawn to the flame they cannot resist trying to control another person.  WELL I AM NOT THE PERSON STANDING IN FRONT OF A CLINIC YELLIG HATEFUL WORDS AND THROWING ROTTEN TOMATOES. AND I CERTAINLY AM NOT THE ONE MEDELING IN SOMEONES PERSONAL LIFE SUCH AS CHESTER, I AM PUTTING MY OPINION OUT THIER JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE IN THIS FORUM. JUST BECAUSE I DONT AGREE WITH ABORTION, IT DOES NOT MEAN THAT I AM HATEFUL OR SELFISH AND I REALLY FEEL BAD FOR THESE WOMEN. I DONT THINK THE DOCTOR TELLS THEM AND NOW WE ARE GOING TO TAKE THIS FETUS OUT ONE PIECE AT A TIME. IT IS JUST REALLY SAD, BUT I SUPPOSE MANY THINGS IN THIS WORLD IS SAD.
You need to educate yourself more regarding this. It happens rarely and when it does happen those fetuses already are dead or would be dead as soon as they'd be born.  NO CI, you need to educate yourself, and then get a grip on reality. You're so busy justifying abortion that you must lie to yourself about the childs condition. The suction method of abortion basically vacuums out the baby in pieces and here's the evidence. Except for the fact that those babies are violently ripped from the womb, most all of them would have developed and grown into perfectly healthy human beings. http://www.abortiontruth.com/pictures.html
When were these abortions performed, Archangel? I believe that these look like late term abortions which IS what we were referring to. If not, I know that there are a few people (who work in an abortion clinic) that I know, that would tell you that there is no way those pictures weren't photoshopped, unfortunately.  Sure c_a, remain in denial if that's what it takes to ignore the carnage of innocent human beings. Does this look like the size of a late term child being compared in proportion to a dime, yet with perfectly formed fingers to you? No, because it's a 10 week old child who was perfectly formed if only it was allowed to live. http://www.abortiontruth.com/images/abortion/30.html
  This is correct, but don't try to explain it to anyone brain dead or a anti-choicer because they simply can't get a grip on reality. There are several types of procedures; one is called dilation and extraction which is used very late in pregnancy and involves dilating the cervix so the fetus comes into the vagina feet first. This is the stuff of the anti-choice movement's famous cartoons pretending that a ''baby'' right out of a Good Housekeeping ad is killed on the verge of live birth. In reality, the fetus involved is often already brain-dead or otherwise hopelessly flawed, and the procedure protects the woman's health, including her ability to have children in the future. The procedure may also be used to remove a fetus that is already deceased, but they don't tell you that part in the anti-choice brochures, and you certainly won't hear these facts from anti-choicers that were raised on propaganda like archangel. You should also know that the procedure is very, very rarely used. In-fact it's way less than 1%... not even 1/4th of 1%... even less than 1/8th of 1%, around only 0.14% - but they make it sound like it's a common procedure   There are also some very good legitimate reasons for this form of abortion, one is called Hydrocephalus, but the anti-choice movement doesn't want you to learn about it either. You won't hear people like archangel talk about Hydrocephalus, because they don't have any medical background, and don't have a clue as to what it is. Hydrocephalus is when a fetus has abnormal accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid in the cavities of the brain. The fetuses head may expand to a abnormally large radius of up to 250% of a normal skull at birth, making it impossible for it to pass through the cervix. Eventually the pregnant woman would die without this procedure!  Not only that but because of the abnormally large amount of fluid accumulating in the fetuses skull, compression of the brain by the accumulating fluid eventually causes irreversible brain damage, and other life threatening complications. The anti-choice movement doesn't want you to learn about any of those facts either. As the hydrocephalus progresses, torpor (a non-physiological state) sets in. Around 90% of fetuses with spina bifida usually end up with Hydrocephalus. So as you can see when this procedure is used it is NOT used on a normal fetus as the anti-choice propaganda wants people to believe. The fetus usually already has irreversible brain damage or is already dead, so they feel absolutely nothing, another fact that the anti-choice propaganda doesn't want you to know about. That's a LOT different than the cartoons used by the anti-choice movement where they try to trick you into thinking that the fetus was right out of a Good Housekeeping ad, or the faked photoshopped pictures that archangel commonly posts. The fact is that the so-called term of 'partial birth abortion' is not even recognized as a medical term by the American Medical Association, nor the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. The term is pure propaganda used to scare non-medical people into whipping up visions of torture on perfect fetuses, and nothing could be further from the truth!  I don't know if you're purposely lying or just ignorant Ingus, either way though, everything you have said here is a delusional fairy tale. Here are some actual facts to consider. Facts: 1.4 million abortions are performed in the US per year, 44% on women who have had previous abortions, 82% on women who are unmarried or separated. This is enough for 43% of American women to have an abortion during their lives at present rates. 89% of abortions in US are performed before 12 weeks, 1% after 20 weeks (90% of these for non-medical reasons). D&X (Dilation and Extraction) A late-term (post 20 week) procedure in which the fetus is brought feet first into the birth canal, a large needle is inserted into its skull, its brain suctioned out, and the fetus removed. Popularly known as "partial birth" abortion. D&E (Dilation and Evacuation) A late-term procedure in which a serrated forceps is inserted into the womb, and the fetus dismembered and removed. More common than D&X, above. In D&X or D&E the fetus is usually, but not always, killed first, by cutting umbilical cord or via injection of digoxin or other lethal agent. The rationale for not killing the fetus before suctioning its brain or cutting it to pieces is a better medical outcome for mother, and that the nervous system of fetus not sufficiently developed to "appreciate pain." Women who have had late-term abortions for non-medical reasons tend to be young, living with their parents, and to have involved their parents in the decision. The inference is that it just took a long time for the families to reach a decision to abort. - US News & World Report, January 1998, pp 20-32 To survive, a very premature baby usually must have developed at least 23 weeks. - US News & World Report, March 30, 1998, p60. Conclusions: Women who seek abortion do so often because there is no one they can turn to for the love and help they need to raise a child. As long as so many of our men are not man enough to help raise their children, beating those women with the blunt instrument of the Law will generally be the wrong solution. We need to build consensus on abortion, rather than to continue a polarized debate that so far has led to a widening gulf between the political left and right that threatens the integrity of our society. Late term abortions, however, are particularly grisly, whether the unborn fetus has its brains sucked out through a needle, or whether it is cut to pieces in its mother's womb. Although there is national disagreement as to whether a fetus at a given stage of development is a baby, there is no disagreement that it is rapidly becoming a baby, and that late-term abortions tread perilously close to infanticide, especially considering that only about 10% of them are done for medical reasons. Fortunately, they are performed rarely enough that doing without them will not cause a major dislocation in our society. While we tone down the pro-life and pro-choice shouting, let us also back away from non-medical D&E's and D&X's, and do so in our morals, in our medical ethics, and in our Law.http://www.dogchurch.org/dogpac/abortfact.html  I notice that you wrote 3 paragraphs of your personal opinion rather than simply post just 1 link that factually expresses the drivel you spewed. So how about giving us any actual facts that support what you are claiming above? You can't and wont do that though because nothing you have said is the least bit true, but is said only so you can live with the fact that you endorse, condone and defend the cold blooded murder of infants who would surely grow into perfectly healthy children if they weren't so violently murdered by their own mothers who willingly agree to these procedures.
I love how he posts a link calling for less polarization on this issue, and follows it up by all but calling Colonel Ingus a baby killing nazi.  Bah, this is pointless. Archie and his ilk will continue to call anyone who disagrees with him a baby killer, while everyone on the other side of the fence tries to show him facts instead of propoganda. Gee, what fun...  First of all, post where I called anyone a baby killing nazi, if you can. And secondly, repost any facts ingus posted at all.
A womans body a womans choice period. I don't like abortion either, however I understand that, 1 it is none of my business and 2 I have no right to force my view about abortion on others.  You never answer the question about why you don't like abortion. If any reason comes to "because it is the taking of another life" then I must ask would you would a view about murder on others.
some of you are trying to push the fact that it is ok to abort babies, and I still disagree, it is murder and I can not bring myself to believe other wise. I know that my bible teaches of the value of life at the moment of conception, and I believe my bible, and my pastor, but most of all I believe in my heart that abortion is murder. I think some of you need to look at a bible and do some soul searching, I am not the hateful one here.
Not a single poster here disrespects the choice you have made on the issue, Christina.emoticon_xangel   What we are saying is that your choice is just that YOUR choice.  Please remember that other women have the right to make other choices without being condemned for them.  Of course if someone thinks it is murder it would be illogical for them to say "but I shouldn't push that choice on others" unless they don't believe in pushing their choice not to murder an adult on others.
It's OK to have opinions. Any opinion. However, the point of a debate forum is to make a logical argument upon which those opinions are based. Having an opinion "just because" or "because my pastor said so" or because "I believe in my heart" is open to criticism in a forum such as this, unless you also supply a reason behind those ideas. Also, I think that's a rather irresponsible way to go through life. If we don't think these things through, we have no basis upon which to make decisions when faced with novel information. Doing something solely based on another's urgings without examining the underlying reasoning is childish behavior.  On reason you did supply is "I know that my bible teaches of the value of life at the moment of conception, and I believe my bible". Where does it say that in your bible?  THIER ARE SEVERAL VERSUS, SUCH AS THE 10 COMMANDMENTS, THOU SHALL NOT KILL OR COMMIT MURDER, CALL IT WHAT YOU WILL. AND JEREMIAH CHAPTER 1 VERSE 5, SPEAKS OF THE VALUE OF LIFE IN A SENCE. THIER ARE ALSO VERSUS THAT SPEAKS OF COMMITING ADULTRY AND HAVING SEX WHEN YOU ARE NOT MARRIED. IF A WOMEN IS HAVING SEX SHE SHOULD BE MARRIED AND SHE WOULD NOT HAVE TO HAVE TO MAKE THESE CHOICES OF BRINGING BABIES INTO THE WORLD WITH NO FATHER. FURTHER MORE PARENTS SHOULD BE TEACHING THIER CHILDREN GOOD MORAL VALUES AS CHILDREN SO THEY DONT MAKE THESE MISTAKES IN THE FIRST PLACE. I KNOW I DO. IT IS CHILDISH AND IRRESPONSIBLE TO PUT YOURSELF IN IDIOT SITUATIONS IN THE FIRST PLACE DONT YOU THINK?
It's OK to have opinions. Any opinion. However, the point of a debate forum is to make a logical argument upon which those opinions are based. Having an opinion "just because" or "because my pastor said so" or because "I believe in my heart" is open to criticism in a forum such as this, unless you also supply a reason behind those ideas. Also, I think that's a rather irresponsible way to go through life. If we don't think these things through, we have no basis upon which to make decisions when faced with novel information. Doing something solely based on another's urgings without examining the underlying reasoning is childish behavior.  But that's not what she said. She didn't say she hasn't 'thought these things through.' Just because someone goes by a Biblical moral standard on a given issue or a pastor's teaching it doesn't mean they haven't 'thought it through.' Furthermore, she even said "most of all" *I* believe in my heart. (not her pastor, or her Bible--but her.) When someone says they believe something in their heart over a certain issue, it's a statement of conviction and resolve. Sure, you can criticize them if that's what you want to do, but if you're going to take that approach, one could just as easily criticize someone for saying they believe strongly in a woman's right to choose.
It's OK to have opinions. Any opinion. However, the point of a debate forum is to make a logical argument upon which those opinions are based. Having an opinion "just because" or "because my pastor said so" or because "I believe in my heart" is open to criticism in a forum such as this, unless you also supply a reason behind those ideas. Also, I think that's a rather irresponsible way to go through life. If we don't think these things through, we have no basis upon which to make decisions when faced with novel information. Doing something solely based on another's urgings without examining the underlying reasoning is childish behavior.  On reason you did supply is "I know that my bible teaches of the value of life at the moment of conception, and I believe my bible". Where does it say that in your bible?  THE BIBLE SAYS WE SHOULD HAVE RESPECT FOR LIFE, IT SPEAKS OF THIS IN DEUTROMY5 17 EXODUS 21: 22,23 PSALM 127; 3 and it does speak of not harming an unborn child, ad if I percieved this correctly thats from the moment the sperm and egg meet. We do not have many choices, if you threaten to commit suicide they thrw you in a mentall health hospital, if you are doing drugs in the comfort of your own home you go to prison. We do not have the choice to harm our bodies in those ways, but we have the choice to kill an innocent child.
Must you SHOUT at us?  Sorry I dont mean to shout, I tend to leave my caps on sometimes.
Your first post did not address my post in any way. The second sorta touched on it.  I would appreciate if you could supply the passage itself rather than just the reference. In addition to merely spouting bible passages, you should express the ideas in your own words as much of the bible is inscrutable to me. Please tell me why you feel the way you do.   You say the bible speaks of not harming the unborn child. Please show that specifically. I would indeed also like to see where the bible states specifically that idea that we need to protect the conceptus immediately after sperm meets egg. You say that is the case "if I perceive it correctly". Maybe you don't. Please provide a logical argument.   Thanks for finally losing the ALL CAPS. That was really irritating. Now work on spelling and grammar and it will be much easier to read and understand your posts.  The bible states that your body belongs to God. 1st corinthians 6- 19 states that your body is a temple of the holy spirit whom is on you, whom you have recieved from god, you are not your own , therfor honor god with your body. A women who is consenting to an abortion is not honoring her body, nor the life that she carries. You shall not commit murder is stated in the ten commandments, and murder can also translate into dash into pieces, which is a very accurate description of an abortion procedure. Exodus 23 7 states we should not put the innocent to death, well a fetus is an innocent. And off the subject sorry about my grammer I usually use a spell checker.
And, in a secular society, irrelevant.emoticon_smile  Maybe it is irrelevent to you, but to some it is not. I dont know any other way to argue my point, like I said befor I am not much of a debater, but it does not change the fact that I feel very strongly about this issue that it is morally wrong.:)
You don't get it. It makes no difference what my views of abortion are. I defere to the woman because it is none of my business. Her body her choice my views are irrelevant.  Why don't you defer to a woman who wants to kill her husband?
I would also like to point out, if I may, another inconsistency I believe I've found with pictures of the type that Archangel has posted.... Namely, the fact that I wonder how someone would have gotten those pictures in the first place. I believe, that either someone must have illegally entered or been allowed to illegally enter the area in which an abortion is performed or some serious health and safety violations were committed by people in the MEDICAL profession (ie. an aborted fetus found in the dumpster as I have heard a few PLers proclaim) in order for these pictures to be true.   Christina, I do respect your view. I can understand why you feel the way you do about abortion but, unfortunately, this forum does need the evidence that will back your claims. I think it actually stated that in the rules section or something like that. Don't mean to sound pompous so I am very sorry if I do. I hope that you can provide direct 'quotes' (I'm not sure if quotes is the appropriate word to use so the reason why it is set between apostrophes) to back your opinion. I think it would provide a more solid basis for your reasoning to PCers.  What is so sad about this post is that you can't even see the blatant contradictions in it. You start out by rejecting the hard photo evidence I posted earlier as obtained in a questionable way, as if that would negate their documentary value at all. And then you insist that Christinas opinion isn't acceptable because you need evidence. What a joke, since you will reject any evidence posted so you don't have to admit you support infanticide.  Here's a video from priests for life about 2 different abortion methods http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us_y9GP_-DA Dismemberment D&E Procedure www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBOAPleF1t0 - Suction Abortion Procedure  Click here: http://www.priestsforlife.org/images/index.htm for all kinds of additional, and accurate info regarding photo evidence and information about abortion. All of your denials wont change what is real and true about what happens in America alone to the tune of approximately 1.4 million a year. How long do you believe that a righteous and holy God will listen to those silent screams before judging the Country that will allow this to occur?
According to the Bible, humans first sinned because they chose knowledge over obedience. Is this what you believe, that we should submit to God, or at least to his self-styled representatives on Earth?  It's a false dichotomy that some critics of religion have cast religion in by saying that submitting to spiritual authority and thinking/reasoning are going to be juxtaposed. One only need look at giants like Galileo, Newton, and Kelvin to see that such isn't necessarily the case at all. That's not to say that the poster you responded to is on that level, but please don't make assumptions about whether or not someone has thought through an issue or not. Many of us are pro-life because we believe it is the reasonable thing to do, and it so happens that our religion and reason almost always work together hand-in-hand for doing good in the world such as valuing life and saving lives. You've no doubt heard the arguments given and just because you reject them doesn't mean their wrong. Heck, even many pro-choice people are often against abortion as a procedure. (Remember the old Clinton statement "safe and rare"?) Please don't automatically jump to prejudiced conclusions just because you hear the terms 'religion' and 'bible'.   This person may have thought it through, but simply invoking religion is not evidence. It's evidence of obedience, not of knowledge being sought and found.   Then what would ever BE "evidence" for something like that? One's view on whether abortion is ok or not is a moralistic one--we're not talking about someone trying to prove, say, that something happened historically, or that someone is guilty of a crime. "Evidence" isn't really the right term for this. Since "evidence" is a term we would use for a much different kind of discussion, I assume what you really mean is "argument". So what argument suffices, in your view, to say that abortion is or isn't ok? After all, there's no central Committee above everyone deciding what should be considered rational or not. It seems to me that it's quite rational to say that taking a life of an every stage of what will soon be a human being thereby preventing it from living and growing into a toddler, adolescent and adult is a wrong thing to do in most cases, simply on the basis that it is a form of harm.
Archangel your so-called "facts' are way off, but I'm sure everyone here just "considers the source" and expects no less from you :p    Again, there are legitimate medical reasons for this medical proceedure, and it happens VERY RARILY. But I guess no medical reason would be good enough for someone incompassionate and uneducated like you. All you care about is your agenda. Fortunately you are in a small, small minority of radicals so your delusions don't matter much in the real world. If you ever want to learn about deformities like Hydrocephalus you can google it. The Supreme Court has ruled in this matter and sided with the facts that I listed in my post several pages back. In the year 2000 some anti-choice radicals tried to ban the procedure and the court struck them down saying the ban was unconstitutionally vague and lacked a needed exception allowing the procedure to be used to protect the health of the pregnant mother. Looks like the facts are never on your side archie emoticon_xbye  Then why am I the only one posting links to support my opinion Ingus? Why haven't you posted any links showing what percentage of late term abortions are due to deformities like Hydrocephalus? You talk alot but you don't prove anything you say. And how can you accuse me of not being compassionate when I'm the one defending the 1.4 MILLION innocent babies that are murdered each year? You're the proponent of infanticide here.   And by the way, have you gone back and looked through this thread? I've posted more than any other member save 1, so I have alot of info here to support my perspective. Start posting some actual evidence rather than just your opinion if you want to impress someone, because your opinion doesn't carry much weight around here. Facts like these, which you completely ignored when I posted them above. Face it, you don't want to debate facts; you just want to spew your pro death gospel of murder. Facts: 1.4 million abortions are performed in the US per year, 44% on women who have had previous abortions, 82% on women who are unmarried or separated. This is enough for 43% of American women to have an abortion during their lives at present rates. 89% of abortions in US are performed before 12 weeks, 1% after 20 weeks (90% of these for non-medical reasons). D&X (Dilation and Extraction) A late-term (post 20 week) procedure in which the fetus is brought feet first into the birth canal, a large needle is inserted into its skull, its brain suctioned out, and the fetus removed. Popularly known as "partial birth" abortion. D&E (Dilation and Evacuation) A late-term procedure in which a serrated forceps is inserted into the womb, and the fetus dismembered and removed. More common than D&X, above. In D&X or D&E the fetus is usually, but not always, killed first, by cutting umbilical cord or via injection of digoxin or other lethal agent. The rationale for not killing the fetus before suctioning its brain or cutting it to pieces is a better medical outcome for mother, and that the nervous system of fetus not sufficiently developed to "appreciate pain." Women who have had late-term abortions for non-medical reasons tend to be young, living with their parents, and to have involved their parents in the decision. The inference is that it just took a long time for the families to reach a decision to abort. &#8211; US News & World Report, January 1998, pp 20-32 To survive, a very premature baby usually must have developed at least 23 weeks. &#8211; US News & World Report, March 30, 1998, p60.
Leviticus 26 gives no value to an infant less than one month of age.  Numbers 3 says not to count infants less than one month of age as people.  Hosea 13 says that pregnant women will be ripped open because the town rebelled against God.  Deuteronomy 2 has God ordering the killing of everyone, which presumably included pregnant women and infants.  But my favorite is:  Numbers 5:11-31 describes what a man should do with his wife who he suspects of being unfaithful. He brings her to a priest who will cause a miscarriage (i.e. abortion) if the fetus is not the husband's offspring.  That's right: the man takes her to induce abortion, and he is to be guiltless while she should be ashamed of her trespass -- but not the abortion itself. Likewise, the priest is simply using God's power to terminate the pregnancy.  Great source for you perversions of the word of God. http://www.godlessgeeks.com/LINKS/BibleQuotes.htm It's so encouraging that you seek an objective, Godly source by which to discern Gods true intent in His Word. :xbanghead
These statistics from an objective source say that everything you've said are lies and self delusions in order to alleviate your guilt of promoting infanticide. So go and spew your propaganda to someone who wants to listen to your lies. These stats make very clear that most all abortions are NOT performed to protect the mothers health at all. NOW DO YOU HAVE ANY STATS THAT PROVE THESE WRONG? Or can I expect just more insults from you? UNITED STATES  Number of abortions per year: 1.37 Million (1996) Number of abortions per day: Approximately 3,700  Who's having abortions (age)? 52% of women obtaining abortions in the U.S. are younger than 25: Women aged 20-24 obtain 32% of all abortions; Teenagers obtain 20% and girls under 15 account for 1.2%.  Who's having abortions (race)? While white women obtain 60% of all abortions, their abortion rate is well below that of minority women. Black women are more than 3 times as likely as white women to have an abortion, and Hispanic women are roughly 2 times as likely.  Who's having abortions (marital status)? 64.4% of all abortions are performed on never-married women; Married women account for 18.4% of all abortions and divorced women obtain 9.4%.  Who's having abortions (religion)? Women identifying themselves as Protestants obtain 37.4% of all abortions in the U.S.; Catholic women account for 31.3%, Jewish women account for 1.3%, and women with no religious affiliation obtain 23.7% of all abortions. 18% of all abortions are performed on women who identify themselves as "Born-again/Evangelical".  Who's having abortions (income)? Women with family incomes less than $15,000 obtain 28.7% of all abortions; Women with family incomes between $15,000 and $29,999 obtain 19.5%; Women with family incomes between $30,000 and $59,999 obtain 38.0%; Women with family incomes over $60,000 obtain 13.8%.  Why women have abortions 1% of all abortions occur because of rape or incest; 6% of abortions occur because of potential health problems regarding either the mother or child, and 93% of all abortions occur for social reasons (i.e. the child is unwanted or inconvenient).  At what gestational ages are abortions performed: 52% of all abortions occur before the 9th week of pregnancy, 25% happen between the 9th & 10th week, 12% happen between the 11th and 12th week, 6% happen between the 13th & 15th week, 4% happen between the 16th & 20th week, and 1% of all abortions (16,450/yr.) happen after the 20th week of pregnancy.  Likelihood of abortion: An estimated 43% of all women will have at least 1 abortion by the time they are 45 years old. 47% of all abortions are performed on women who have had at least one previous abortion.  Abortion coverage: 48% of all abortion facilities provide services after the 12th week of pregnancy. 9 in 10 managed care plans routinely cover abortion or provide limited coverage. About 14% of all abortions in the United States are paid for with public funds, virtually all of which are state funds. 16 states (CA, CT, HI, ED, IL, MA , MD, MD, MN, MT, NJ, NM, NY, OR, VT, WA and WV) pay for abortions for some poor women. http://www.abortionno.org/Resources/fastfacts.html
Why does this matter? It is none of your business or mine. It is a womans choice to make. The fetus is consumming her body so if she feels she does want to be canniblized any more then why is it your business? Thats right I forgot the enemies of freedom, agents of oppression, and destroyers of liberty wear christian faces and feel they need to control other people lives. If you and all your christianist friends feel that abortion should be outlawed why not put it on the ballot? Thats right you won't win.  I know that this concept is beyond you Matthew, but "All that is required for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing."-- Edmund Burke   That's why people of good morals speak against the perversions that atheists and secular humanists like you are promoting and attempting to force on us today. And because we also understand that we rise or fall together as a Society, so just standing aside and allowing you to spew your lies like this: The fetus is consumming her body so if she feels she does want to be canniblized any more (You meant "doesn't" didn't you!) You just constantly prove how whacked out and irrational you are when you make these arguments Matt; keep it up, you make my case for me that I'm dealing with completely amoral and irrational people on this forum.   This is taken from the home page of Archie's "objective" source.  CBR operates on the principle that abortion represents an evil so inexpressible that words fail us when attempting to describe its horror. Until abortion is seen, it will never be understood.  Archie, don't you know yet that some of us actually read your misogynistic links?  And since you are as consistent as Matthew is in your reprobate perspectives, you also prove my point that your side has no moral center at all. Especially since you don't even know what misogynistic means since that quote is about the horrors of abortion but say's nothing at all against women. It is our opinion that abortion is abusive to women so only those who defend and endorse it are the misogynists, and someday you will learn to your eternal detriment that you were on the wrong side of this and so many other issues. Until then, people like me will speak up and oppose your godless agenda.
[QUOTE=chester;311691]  In the interim, I thought that threats were prohibited on this forum.  I didn't make a threat, I made a promise. I repeat what I said: and someday you will learn to your eternal detriment that you were on the wrong side of this and so many other issues. Until then, people like me will speak up and oppose your godless agenda.
Because her husband is not attached to her physically inside her body. He is not consuming her body.  Then why do you feel abortion is wrong?
Many clinically delusional people "believe" they are reasonable too. Belief is not enough.  No no, you've missed what I meant. I mean we've reasoned it out. It's NOT just based on 'belief.'
Yes, I do Ao. Simply because the fetus or what have you is still inhabiting the woman's womb. I just believe the issue is not about viability but whether or not the woman has control over who inhabits her body.   So the party responsible for the condition existing is your only concern even though the innocent party to the situation existing could live at that point, if only allowed to be born rather than killed? And I suppose you consider this a moral stance. Or are you admitting that you're an amoral person?  Although, since I doubt there is such an occurrence (most abortions that occur in the late stages of pregnancy are done for health reasons and those that aren't probably don't occur at or just before the time of birth) , I think it is a rather moot point. Even though I think it's necessary, I would hope that it never would happen.  You simply refuse to face the facts, don't you addict.  Why women have abortions 1% of all abortions occur because of rape or incest; 6% of abortions occur because of potential health problems regarding either the mother or child, and 93% of all abortions occur for social reasons (i.e. the child is unwanted or inconvenient).  At what gestational ages are abortions performed: 52% of all abortions occur before the 9th week of pregnancy, 25% happen between the 9th & 10th week, 12% happen between the 11th and 12th week, 6% happen between the 13th & 15th week, 4% happen between the 16th & 20th week, and 1% of all abortions (16,450/yr.) happen after the 20th week of pregnancy.  Likelihood of abortion: An estimated 43% of all women will have at least 1 abortion by the time they are 45 years old. 47% of all abortions are performed on women who have had at least one previous abortion. http://www.abortionno.org/Resources/fastfacts.html
