Capitolism sucks, unfortunately people are blindly patriotic and far too ignorant to know this.  Capitolism means that the rich are so rich that they have more money than they no what to do with and the poor are so poor they have to sell drugs just to stay alive!   Socialism Pros:  -Reduces crime -Shortens gap between rich and the poor(poor still poor, rich still rich) -I could go on  People say Socialism will never work, but they fail to relize that it works for EUROPE! Europe has a superior form of government and Americans need to relize this. That way we can improve ours. In our government, the poor families often stay poor because poor areas have cr@ppy schools. This leads to more poor people. If you grew up in a poor family, its hard to get out of that, unless you are very smart. In a Socialism, the poor get better education, healthcare. Whats so great about Socialism is that everybody helps eachother:). In Capitolism, people only think about themselves.
thanks calli for giving me a whole five hours to reply before you say i'm too scared to debate. i dont sit at my computer all day.  ok guys, i posted this in another forum in the past so if you've read this before, i apologize. but i think that it is so true and i want to hear your comments on it:  i took economics last semester and learned about something called utility theory. the greater a person's income, the smaller is the marginal benefit of a dollar. the millionth dollar spent by a rich person brings a smaller marginal benefit to that person than the marginal benefit of the thousandth dollar spent by a poorer person. so by transferring a dollar from the millionaire to the poorer person, more is gained than is lost and the two people added together are better off.   american, i really respect you as a debater because you really know what you are talking about. you are very knowledgable about the subjects we discuss and make valid points. even though we disagree on a lot of stuff, i really respect you. calli, you seriously have no idea what you are talking about. like ever. nobody can ever have an intelligent debate with you. i'm sorry, but thats how it is.
american, you a great guy who is willing to share his money with the poor. but like dsa said, not everyone is like that.  broker, do you have any idea how incredibly selfish you sound? "its not your money, its OUR money" our money our money our money. you probably have a shrine in your house where you worship your money. not all of us are like you broker. some of us believe in sharing our wealth with the less fortunate.
i'm am in college for four years to earn my teaching degree. i'm going to work hard and i'm barely going to be able to afford a house at all. i'm going to have to buy a used car at carmax. and you arent going to stop me.   listen broker, all i am saying is that we should get paid based on how much work we put into it. if you sit on ur butt, then you're not going to get paid as much. we will help you out and stuff, but you still wont make as much. teachers should not earn less than businessmen, they work just as hard if not harder. maybe i differ from some socialists when i say this, but i think you should get paid according to how much work and effort you put into something. as for everyone else, we can certainly help them out (free health care) but they wont make as much as the harder workers.
kelvin this is for you,  What does a strong capitalist government do with people like Falling?  Re-education by the Department of Big Business? Concentratlion camps? Oh what the h*ll, there won't be very many people like Falling after we brainwash them and tell them that socialism is bad, just shoot them and burry them in a secret ditch. No one will miss them.   Kelvin is that your vision of social justice?    by the way, i know what your response is going to be. you are going to say that capitalists have never committed these crimes. but have you ever heard of the Red Scare or the McCarthy Trials? these were all capitalist ways to silence and "re-educate" socialists. for the last century, public schools have preached against socialism and have brainwashed our youth. you guys have already done the same exact thing that you accuse socialists of doing.
"always with the spending complaints from some teachers..." broker, if businessmen were only getting paid 35,000 a year dont you think they would complain too? TEACHERS HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO COMPLAIN. i know what i'm getting myself into. i'm never going to make much money. but at the same time, i would like to make enough to at least support a family off my income. what is wrong with that???  schools have been preaching against socialism and communism since the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917. it is a fact. all of my economics classes are very hardcore capitalist. they all say that we should abolish the minimum wage, not save money (because that means we arent spending it), and abolish all taxes. our schools are very right-wing.  once again i ask you about the Red Scare and the McCarthy Trials. these are just a few examples of capitalists persecuting socialists and communists for their ideas. capitalists are trying to "re-educate" these radicals on a daily basis in our schools. look around you!! there are corporations everywhere. our schools all say that anything other than capitalism is evil. THEY are the ones trying to "re-educate" those who think differently. was it Jesus who said "dont try to remove the speck in your neighbor's eye when you have a plank in your own eye."? or something like that. anyway, you get my point.
if we have every right to complain about our salaries, then stop trying to censor us. another example of capitalists trying to "re-educate" and censor our teachers is the fact that teacher unions are outlawed. that is ridiculous. basketball and football players even have unions and collective bargaining groups. but teachers cannot.  broker, you are not a true capitalist. i can also tell that you are very young and have not been in school long enough to know what higher level classes teach. you are not enrolled in a unversity are you? well i am, so i should know what they teach. the economics textbook that we are assigned is 100% capitalist. the two separate economics teachers that i have had went supported what the book said 100%. THIS IS WHAT HIGHER LEVEL ECONOMICS CLASSES ARE TELLING OUR YOUNG PEOPLE TODAY:  1. Abolish all taxes. why? because taxes are an inefficient use of resources and take money from businesses.  2. Abolish the minimum wage. why? because unemployment will decrease and businesses will make more profit.  3. Dont save money. why? because if you save money, then that is an inefficient use of resources as well. you should be spending all of your money so that it goes to businesses and the economy.  4. Abolish all tariffs. why? because then corporations can move their factories overseas (and as a result have high unemployment in manufacturing sections of the country).  i will give you my source for this information. it is from Michael Parkin's Economics (Fifth Edition). how much more evidence do you need broker?  minimum wage is a socialist idea. taxes are a socialist idea. got it?  what do i have against corporations? well if you ever become an entreprenuer someday, you will have something against them too. corporations have taken over our country and as a result, small businesses (both sole proprietorships and partnerships) are very very unlikely to ever be successful. i dont have a problem with small business at all. in fact, i really like small business. but corporations drown all of these small businesses out. corporations also go into foreign countries and spread western culture, at the expense of that country's own unique culture. small businesses are good, corporations are not.
no, i would not win because our country believes that capitalism is supreme and they are trying to "re-educate" anyone who believes differently.   a better example would be if i sued my church because they used only the Bible for instruction. you see broker, the church believes that the Bible is supreme. in the same way, our country believes capitalism is supreme.    the united states absolutely hates people like me...and i love it:)
american, i will get back to you later tonite. i'm kinda in a rush right now and i want to spend a long time making that post.  broker, you say "you cant have an economics class where one system is taught as being best..." blah blah blah. too bad i've had three of them like that. you dont have a clue what you're talking about. you've never taken any high level business courses before (that is if you've never been in college before). so please stop acting like you know everything. thanks.
why do i prefer socialism over capitalism? i would like to break it down into three sections: economic reasons, humanitarian reasons, and religious reasons.  Economic reason: utility theory teaches us that it is more economically efficient if we divide the wealth more equally. one dollar is worth more to a poor person than it is to a rich person, correct? no one can deny that fact. one dollar is not worth as much to a rich person as it is to a poor person. therefore, if we distribute the wealth more equally, we will be using our resources MORE EFFICIENTLY by giving it to those who value them the most.  Humanitarian reason: socialism is clearly more moral than capitalism. have you ever heard of that saying: "money is the root of all evil"? well, money is the foundation of capitalism. that should tell you a lot about capitalism. lets look at this logically: 1. money is the root of all evil 2. money is the foundation of capitalism 3. therefore, capitalism is evil another reason to dislike capitalism from a humanitarian standpoint is the fact that ONE PERCENT OF OUR NATION OWNS HALF OF THE TOTAL WEALTH. how is that moral? how is that ethical? i'm not saying that everyone should get paid the same amount. but the wealth needs to be distributed more equally. you should get paid according to how much work and effort you put into a job. in this case, teachers would make the same amount as most businessmen. also, PURE capitalists believe that the minimum wage should be abolished. this is very very very unethical and immoral.  Religious reason: being a Christian, religion is obviously very important to me and is reason enough to believe that one system is better than the other. this might not be the case for you guys (i dont know if you're a Christian or not). but nonetheless, it is very important to me. Jesus taught over and over again that the rich should share their wealth with the poor. he said this through parables and the beatitudes and many other instances. it is quite clear that Jesus had compassion on the poor. MOST (and notice i did not say all) rich people do not share a lot of their money with the poor, relative to how much they really make. therefore, since the rich are not giving to the poor as much as they should, we need government to redistribute the wealth for them. if the rich gave enough to the poor, then we wouldnt have this problem. but they dont. we need government.
so you agree that equal work should receive equal pay? just to let you know, most corporate executives cringe everytime they hear "radical" ideas like that. i dont deny that most businessmen worked very hard (although some inherited their money). but at the same time, they should not be getting paid millions (or even billions) of dollars for their work, while someone who put just as much effort and sacrifice get paid in dogfood. these include police officers, teachers, firemen, and people in the military. these people have also "sacrificed" and "worked their backsides off for years". yet they are lucky to make one tenth as much as just a common businessman who works for a corporation.  what proof do you have that the number of Joe Blows will skyrocket if we have less government? we had less government in the 19th century and you didnt see rich people giving a lot of money to the poor. if the rich do not obey Christ's commands, then the government should step in. what would God rather see: hardly anyone obeying his commands and little government, or a strong government enforcing his commands? the Bible says that murder and theft are wrong, correct? but we still have the government to ENFORCE these laws. in the same way, we need government to enforce what Christ commanded the wealthy to do, because most of them will not do it on their own.
you say the government cannot afford to start doubling salaries. EXACTLY MY POINT, so we need to tax the rich more so that we can afford to pay those salaries. common businessmen do not need to be multi-billionaires while teachers, police officers, firemen, and soldiers make next to nothing. EQUAL WORK FOR EQUAL PAY. what is wrong with that broker??? are you scared at the prospect of corporations sharing their precious precious money with those in need who work just as hard (if not harder). last time i checked, businessmen were not educating our youth like our teachers do. last time i checked, businessmen were not putting their lives on the line EVERY SINGLE DAY AT WORK like police officers, firemen and soldiers do. broker, you act like anyone who goes to college for four years will automatically become a millionaire because of their hard work. well, you got the hard work part right, but not the millionaire part. the hardest working people in this country make the least money. its been like that for years and years. you are a very very unrealistic person broker. not everyone has the opportunity to be a multi-millionaire but you act like they do. OPEN YOUR EYES AND LOOK AROUND YOU
american, i do realize that in this society you can choose what occupation you wish to take. i have chosen teaching. therefore, i have chosen a career that will never make much money. i realize that. but at the same time, i think it is still wrong for teachers to make so little. i'm going to teach because it is very rewarding on a non-monetary scale and is a huge contribution to society. but it isnt right for teachers to make so little. it just isnt right, dammit. and i'm really ticked about it. we would have so many more teachers out there (and as a result, smaller classrooms) if the government decided to raise salaries. i'm still willing to work for little pay but it just aint fair. (and broker, please do not give me that lame saying that "life isnt fair". just because life isnt fair doesnt mean that we shouldnt strive to make it less unfair.)  i never said that it is the government's job to make everyone perfectly equal. i did say that it is the government's job to look after its citizens and to try to make things less unfair
i dont think we should bail out big business. my hope is that one day those multi-billion dollar corporations will disappear and will be replaced with small business and some government owned industries. i didnt say the government should own everything. but anything not owned by the government should be owned by a small business, not a corporation. corporations are no good.  just like you do not agree 100% with capitalists, i do not agree 100% with socialists. i just lean more towards socialism
the constitution does not mention education because public education was nearly non-existent back in 1789.  so who will pay teachers if the government doesnt? should we abolish public education all-together and only allow the rich to be educated? i'm sure broker would be pleased with that...
you are the one who says public schools are evil. and american questions the authority of the government to pay for teachers. if the government does not pay for teachers, then public educations ceases to exist
thats pretty sick and twisted that you look at poor people and get disgusted.   what about families who cannot afford paying for teachers?? seriously american, you usually make very good points but your idea of having the parents pay teachers is absurd. even broker will tell you that. what about poor families? they cant afford private schooling and they cant afford to pay teachers at public school.  c'mon american, have a little compassion for the less fortunate
american, how do the poor families pay for their education?
so the church should educate us? what about muslims or jews or atheists? they arent allowed to be educated?
broker, if we raise teacher salaries then the number of teachers in the field will automatically increase. and as a result of that, classrooms will be smaller. and as a result of smaller classrooms, you could probably be in a more "advanced" setting and not feel like you're so far ahead of everyone else.  american, if the church ALONE provides for the needy, then there is bound to be discrimination. a starving christian will PROBABLY receive food before a starving muslim. i'm not saying in all cases, but in some. not to mention that the church does not have all that money. churches can barely make enough money to pay for their building, much less provide alot of money to the poor. the government meanwhile is filthy rich and can afford to help the poor.  why are you so OBSESSED with the constitution??? i swear, if the constitution said pigs could fly, you would insist that its true. forget what the constitution says. it was written over two centuries ago. we dont need to be bound by a 214 year old document.
i dont want your hope
i apologize for not giving a XXXX about a 212 year old document. for a guy that believes our country needs reform, this should not come as a surprise
oh no!! broker has threatened to stop loving this country if we help the poor!! we better go back to capitalism!!
pure democracy is IMPOSSIBLE
Except in small groups.  in groups no larger than 100 probably
What about the Haudenosaunee (aka Assembly of Six Nations)?  From all accounts they seem to have been a functional participatory democracy, and they had a population of about 20 000 at one time.
What about the Haudenosaunee (aka Assembly of Six Nations)?  From all accounts they seem to have been a functional participatory democracy, and they had a population of about 20 000 at one time.   every single person had a DIRECT involvement in the making of laws? and i dont mean voting for someone to represent you in government, i mean having everyone represent themselves and making the laws directly. not representative government.
They were absolutely a completely participatory democracy.  The Haudenosaunee Grand Council functioned by consensus of the sachems ("chiefs") of all nations in the confederacy. The sachems made their decisions based on consensus among their people. No person was ever required to follow a "law" they did not agree to, and no "law" was enforced by anything more forceful than public dissaproval.  If you want to call the sachems "representatives", go ahead, but I think you should differenciate in that case between people who function basically as spokespeople, and politicians, who are essentially elected and then do as they please.  There were also other systems of checks-and-balances that allowed for the dismissal of sachems who did not do as their people wished, as well as direct consensus in the case of major decisions, and veto power in the case of proposed warfare.  There was a women's council and women representatives, which had seperate powers and responsibilities.  All members of all clans of all Nations had the power to have a say in the running of their Nation, in all areas, with respect for the fact that certain people had more investment in certain issues.  And yet, they managed to live relatively very peacefully, raise children, feed themselves, live together, trade, for thousands of years.  No cops. No jails. No military. No politicians.  So, obviously, it can be done, and in fact was the norm in America until the 1600s...  edited to add: This is also the system that most Haudenosaunee traditionals propose re-instituting, along with the Great Treaty of Peace. Interference by foreign states such as the US and Canada have outlawed their governmental and other practices, and their sovereignty in general.
I agree with Alan Greenspan and other Libertarians. In the Book Capitalism, by Ayn Rand, Alan concludes that the only way a monopoly can exist is via government action. In fact, I contend that the more regulations there are, fewer companies will compete.  That's not the case. The less laws, the more large combinations will combine reducing competition - and even if they don't combine in a real sense - such as a merger, they will collude to price fix.  Unrestrained capitalism is a beast that will eat itself.
I don?t think that mergers are the biggest culprit in the creation of mega-corporations. I would like to see more evidence. I have given several examples on how laws have helped the big guy over the small guy.   In this thread or others about capitalism there were some examples of how temporary monopolies can benefit the society. I stated a reason in post 11 that explains why collusion in price fixing does not work forever.   I disagree for the same reasons I have been giving all along. There may be some legislation that was passed that has kept corporations small (Anti-trust) but did it really benefit the society?  This could be answered depending on whether you think that competition is good for society. But let's look at your post 11  Speaking of monopolies: Why can?t a monopoly exist? It can if it is created via the government. Patents create monopolies. Patents don't equat to monopolies. You can use your patent to gain money by selling your idea out. It is very difficult for them to exist in a free market. Here is why: Lets say you lower your prices to put the competitor out of business. Lets say you lower them so low that you lose money. You sustain that for some time until you are the only company left doing whatever it is you do. The natural goal of a monopoly is to raise prices. You do so. Soon there is huge profits to be reaped. Others see your profits and want to join in. Capital is shifted into competing with your business. Well, you sold at a loss for years to put your competition out of business. You can?t do this forever. Now you are competing against others that did not carry the years of losses you did in creating your monopoly. Monopolies can be good also. Standard Oil is an example how trust busting can fail the society. It may have set back alternative fuel research. There is no reason to investigate alternative forms of energy if gasoline is so cheap. How can other forms of alternative energy compete? If Rockefeller was allowed to keep his monopoly, and allowed to raise the price of gas, other people would have investigated alternative forms of energy. What do they say ?Gasoline is cheaper than bottled water?? Why switch? That is my opinion.[/quote] No, Standard Oil is the standard example of bad big business. They used price-fixing with the railways etc to put businesses to the wall. That is what rampant capitalism does - allows hard-working small business to be destroyed by companies using foul play.
Patents don't equate to monopolies. You can use your patent to gain money by selling your idea out.  Yes they do. If you get a patent on something, under the law, I can?t sell your idea unless you give me permission. It is the worse kind of monopoly; It is one created and enforced by law. If tou have title to land, that gives you exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. Even if you've got the only house with a particularly stunning view, it's not a 'monopoly' that you own it. It's about property rights you own. Patents protect intellectual property. It is not a 'monopoly'. And thus, it's a very poor analogy.  No, Standard Oil is the standard example of bad big business. They used price-fixing with the railways etc to put businesses to the wall. That is what rampant capitalism does - allows hard-working small business to be destroyed by companies using foul play.  That is the standard textbook answer, but it does not respond to my post. If you were to ask ronound economists of today like Nobel Prize winner Milton Freedman or Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan (from the book Capitalism) they would disagree with this standard textbook answer.  Really. Have you got any quotes from them endorsing monopolies? Here is some interesting information concerning anti-trust laws. Remember when IBM was sued under anti-trust laws. Their ?monopoly? did not last forever. The same will happen with Microsoft. By the time a anti-trust suit is completed their market share will have fallen because of Linux.  http://www.capitalism.org/faq/antitrust.htm  That's because their monopolies were broken by government. You should be applauding IBM and condeming the breaking up of their stranglehold. Your example disproves your point about government. Writes Dominick Armentano [professor of economics at the University of Hartford], The little-known truth is that when the government took Standard Oil to court in 1907, Standard Oil's market share had been declining for a decade. Far from being a "monopoly," Standard's share of petroleum refining was approximately 64% at the time of trial. Moreover, there were at least 147 other domestic oil-refining competitors in the market ? and some of these were large, vertically integrated firms such as Texaco, Gulf Oil, and Sun. Kerosene outputs had expanded enormously (contrary to usual monopolistic conduct); and prices for kerosene had fallen from more than $2 per gallon in the early 1860s to approximately six cents per gallon at the time of the trial. So much for the myth of the Standard Oil "monopoly." Standard Oil had already been subject to anti-trust laws prior to this. If it weren't for those laws they would have been in a position to continue their gain on markets. ?Don't the antitrust laws stop monopolistic practices? Absolutely not. Harmful monopolies from the old AT&T monopoly (created by government regulations), to the U.S. Post Office monopoly were created by the state. The U.S. Post Office, for example, maintains its monopoly on the lucrative first class mail market by having the state outlaw its competition. I can't tell if you're for it or aginst it.  Take for example Judge Learned Hand's indictment of ALCOA. What 'crimes' was ALCOA punished for? To quote Hand: "It was not inevitable that it should always anticipate increases in the demand for ingot and be prepared to supply them. Nothing compelled it to keep doubling and redoubling its capacity before others entered the field. It insists that it never excluded competitors; but we can think of no more effective exclusion than progressively to embrace each new opportunity as it opened, and to face every new- comer with new capacity already geared into a great organization, having the advantage of experience, trade connections and the elite of personnel." [Alan Greenspan, "Antitrust" published in Ayn Rand's Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal]  In other words ALCOA was being punished for being too good a company, too competent in its management, in other words Alcoa's crime is that it is too competitive. And would not being 'too competitive' lead to a monopoly? (if not for govenment action)  HERE IS ANOTHER GREAT ARTICLE: http://www.nathanielbranden.net/ess/ton01.html A reader asks:  In a society of laissez-faire capitalism, what would prevent the formation of powerful monopolies able to gain control over the entire economy?  Nathaniel Branden responds:  One of the worst fallacies in the field of economics ? propagated by Karl Marx and accepted by almost everyone today, including many businessmen ? is that the development of monopolies is an inescapable and intrinsic result of the operation of a free, unregulated economy. In fact, the exact opposite is true. It is a free market that makes monopolies impossible?. How so? You can have laws that enable markets to be free of monopolies
 If you have title to land, that gives you exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. Even if you've got the only house with a particularly stunning view, it's not a 'monopoly' that you own it. It's about property rights you own. Patents protect intellectual property. It is not a 'monopoly'. And thus, it's a very poor analogy.   Intellectual property is not real property IMHO. By owning a piece of property you do have a quasi-monopoly of its use. Others need your permission to use it.  All of your property should be protected. If you wrote an original work; screen-play, novel, musical piece, these too are protected - by copyright, which offers protections as patents do. Therefore the analogy between a patent and a monopoly has failed.  Really. Have you got any quotes from them endorsing monopolies?  I admit I was surprised when I read the book Capitalism. He goes into depth in that book about Anti-trusts. Here is a quote from Greenspan: http://www.rense.com/political/greenspanmono.htm  Interesting reading. I particularly liked... "However, antitrust experts noted that, for example, aluminium giant Alcoa, was a monopoly for 50 years before antitrust action in the 1940s and Standard Oil held a 90 percent share of the market for 25 years before its break-up in 1911." Ibid It shows that Standard Oil had a bigger share than what you stated earlier. The government should not interfere with monopolies that maintain dominance through cost efficiencies and low prices, the Fed chief said in testimony to a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the current wave of corporate mergers.  Do such monopolies exist? "By the measure of what benefits consumers, such enterprises should not be discouraged," Greenspan said. What would compel a monopoly to have low prices? I would suggest - regulation of prices. I believe Greenspan is against regulation that prevents a monopoly as long as the economic benefits to consumers are maintained - this could be done through laws. He doesn't say. And the key to this is found in this paragraph... "Federal Trade Commission Chairman Robert Pitofsky said Greenspan was advocating letting all mergers proceed and then wait and see if action was necessary. "I don't agree with that," Pitofsky said." Ibid. In other words he's not pro-monopoly in an absolute sense. He would prefer to let monopolies remain so long as they behaved in a way beneficial to consumers. There is not way to maintain this without regulation. That's because their monopolies were broken by government. You should be applauding IBM and condemning the breaking up of their stranglehold. Your example disproves your point about government. The suit against IBM was dropped after more than a decade in court. It became apparent IBM did not have a monopoly. Okay, if they didn't have a monopoly, then they are irrelevant as an example to this debate. Standard Oil had already been subject to anti-trust laws prior to this. If it weren't for those laws they would have been in a position to continue their gain on markets.  Read that post again. Standard continued to lose market share even before the suit was settled. See your own site above - they had a 90% share I can't tell if you're for it or against it. I am against the post offices monopoly on first class mail.  I thought you were pro-monopoly And would not being 'too competitive' lead to a monopoly? (if not for government action) What do you suggest, to not be competitive? Monopolies do not last forever, unless created by government action. Okay, that answers the above thing about the post office. It doesn't explain Standard Oil, which as suggested already had 90% share  Some monopolies would exist naturally, I realise. Such might be with regards a water-sewerage board. Unless you can imagine having competing sets of toilets in peoples homes and you choose the one providing the better service :) However in this country, they are run by the government and prices are controlled.
All of your property should be protected. If you wrote an original work; screen-play, novel, musical piece, these too are protected - by copyright, which offers protections as patents do. Therefore the analogy between a patent and a monopoly has failed.  No. Your belief that intellectual property is real property has failed. The paper the screenplay was written on was real, but nobody can prove that what was written was original. Hang on. I never said intellectual property was real property. If we're dealing with legal definitions then real property doesn't refer to things that are 'really' property, but property that is 'real' in the sense that it is material, and in general refers to land, buildings etc. as opposed to property that is an 'idea', which is intellectual property.  Property Any thing that is possessed or owned. http://www.legal-dictionary.org/ld.asp?q=property This includes... real property n. 1) all land, structures, firmly attached and integrated equipment (such as light fixtures or a well pump), anything growing on the land, and all "interests" in the property, which may include the right to future ownership (remainder), right to occupy for a period of time (tenancy or life estate), the right to drill for oil, the right to get the property back (a reversion) if it is no longer used for its current purpose (such as use for a hospital, school or city hall), use of airspace (condominium) or an easement across another's property. Real property should be thought of as a group of rights like a bundle of sticks which can be divided. It is distinguished from personal property which is made up of movable items. 2) one of the principal areas of law like contracts, negligence, probate, family law and criminal law. See also: condominium easement life estate personal property real estate reversion http://dictionary.law.com/definition2.asp?selected=1727&bold=|||| You said a patent is like a monopoly. That is the analogy you made. A patent is to protect intellectual property. I said that other forms of property are protected and gave examples of real and other intellectual property. You had no problem with that. THEREFORE you analogy has failed. As to proving if something is original - it can be done to the satisfaction of the courts - there is a whole line of law on intellectual property. Your assertion that it can't be done is wrong. You can do this at http://www.mediaregister.com/examples/ We have been contacted by patent attorneys before. The latest was by Black and Decker. They told us we violated their trademark by selling orange colored drills (like DeWalt). Amazon has patented the one click check out but they really didn?t invent it. They just made it to the patent office first. And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn. Here is a suit made over 'decor' In 1987, Taco Cabana, a chain of Mexican restaurants in Houston, Texas, brought suit against Two Pesos, a rival chain, claiming that Two Pesos had deliberately copied Taco Cabana's décor.  http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/property99/history.html For someone who doesn't like government I see that you would also reject protection for property too. Interesting reading. I particularly liked... "However, antitrust experts noted that, for example, aluminium giant Alcoa, was a monopoly for 50 years before antitrust action in the 1940s and Standard Oil held a 90 percent share of the market for 25 years before its break-up in 1911."  The first article spoke of refining and this one speaks of market share (maybe share of the final product, with some purchased from other refiners ? maybe because Standards marketing was better for other refiners ? they could get more money using Standard). Evidently, other companies refined petroleum. This does not prove a monopoly will last forever. It is your assertion that a monopoly will not last forever, except with government control. It is your assertion that Standard Oil was not a monopoly, and with 90% of the market, I fail to see then what you would in fact call a monopoly. What would compel a monopoly to have low prices? I would suggest - regulation of prices. I believe Greenspan is against regulation that prevents a monopoly as long as the economic benefits to consumers are maintained - this could be done through laws. He doesn't say. And the key to this is found in this paragraph... "Federal Trade Commission Chairman Robert Pitofsky said Greenspan was advocating letting all mergers proceed and then wait and see if action was necessary. "I don't agree with that," Pitofsky said." Ibid. In other words he's not pro-monopoly in an absolute sense. He would prefer to let monopolies remain so long as they behaved in a way beneficial to consumers. There is not way to maintain this without regulation.  What would compel a monopoly to have lower prices? Competition. Like I said before, when a monopoly raises its price others jump in. Your kidding! How can you have a monopoly, and real competition? A monopoly would, by virtue of its market share be able to under-cut any new competitor, and can more easily off-set losses. This is what Standard Oil did. They had a large market share over a large area. If a competitor arose in one area Standard would use their over-all profits to re-structure prices in the area where the competition was, to under-cut them. That competitor would go bust, and Standard Oil would raise their prices in that area again, to match those of their over-all products.  As per Greenspan, this is what he said: The Sherman Act may be understandable when viewed as a projection of the nineteenth century's fear and economic ignorance. But it is utter nonsense in the context of today's economic knowledge. The seventy additional years of observing industrial development should have taught us something. If the attempts to justify our antitrust statutes on historical grounds are erroneous and rest on a misinterpretation of history, the attempts to justify them on theoretical grounds come from a still more fundamental misconception. Sure, and as your article said that his ideas are rejected because it's easier to stop a monopoly from forming, than to disband it after it has formed. Okay, if they didn't have a monopoly, then they are irrelevant as an example to this debate.  Actually they did have a monopoly. The point is that monopolies don?t last forever. What stopped it lasting? I thought you were pro-monopoly  LOL, no. I am against Anti-trust laws. Really, so you'd welcome laws against monopolies in other forms, other than anti-trust laws? Some monopolies would exist naturally, I realise. Such might be with regards a water-sewerage board. Unless you can imagine having competing sets of toilets in peoples homes and you choose the one providing the better service However in this country, they are run by the government and prices are controlled.  Monopolies for an extended time are not natural. The monopolies you describe are created by the government. As per your example of the toilet, I agree. On the other had I would allow multiple cable TV companies to compete. It is easier to lay down new cables, than sewerage and water pipes... at least at present levels of technology. I can't imagine that the bathrooms of the future would have multiple taps from different companies. Or, you change your contract from Fox Sewerage to Bell, and someone comes out and installs a new toilet, with a pay-by-use application.
First off, I didn?t say a patent is like a monopoly, I said it creates a monopoly. Therefore my analogy did not fail. You brought up real property in one of your posts and I agree it is not real property. Saying something is alike something else is to make it an analogy. You said that a patent (a form of protection over property) creates a monopoly. I stated that other forms of property protection would also therefore be 'monopolies' as with an example from real property where-by regardless of how much I might like the view from your land I can't use it without your permission. Hence an extension of your analogy - equating patents with monopolies, shows the flaw in your logic. It remains your analogy. I simply extended it to show other forms of property - including other forms of intellectual property - such as a screen-play. And you disputed that a screen-play could be shown to be original. This interpretation would have fundamental consequences (were it to be adapted) to property law. Your analogy failed because the ownership of a property DOES give the owner a monopoly for the use of THAT property. No one else can build on it or even walk on it without the owner?s permission.  Your argument is all over the place. You asked why can't monopolies exist because patents are alike monopolies. You said 'patents create monopolies. It is not about creating a 'monopoly' it is about protecting property. They are different things. If I own something, I have exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. A monopoly is where we are in competition and you drive me and competitors out of business. [quote=Montalban]And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn.  If there is a such thing, why does the protection stop after a time? This ?intellectual property? is not the same as property, real or otherwise. You question whether intellectual property exists? It is really property. It is a field of law. Studied at Berkley http://www.law.berkeley.edu/institutes/bclt/courses/fall02/ipintro.html and at Columbus http://faculty.cua.edu/fischer/Intro%20To%20IP%202003/IP%20Home.htm In part regulated by Copyright http://www.copyright.gov/ legislated around the world http://www.worldlii.org/catalog/2296.html It is most strange that you don't 'believe' that it exists. It is just as real, in law as any other form of property, though it is not 'real property'.  And this is relevant, why? Are you now saying that you don't support the protection of intellectual property? If I own a product and I produce it with a distinctive shape, colour and name, and I build up trust for that product, and you come along and market your product under very similar packaging, name etc, then you are trading off my property... in this case the trust that I have earn. Here is a suit made over 'decor' In 1987, Taco Cabana, a chain of Mexican restaurants in Houston, Texas, brought suit against Two Pesos, a rival chain, claiming that Two Pesos had deliberately copied Taco Cabana's décor.  http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/property99/history.html For someone who doesn't like government I see that you would also reject protection for property too.  Are you an attorney? Attorneys just love this stuff. I can see these two taco companies in court suing the other. The one with the most money will likely win. I work with legal practitioners. I studied law very briefly in a formal sense(I have a habit of this - not completing studies; having attended at least six different universities), and for much longer in an informal sense (I have lots of time on my hands). However, it would suggest that if solicitors, barristers and other legal practitioners are all dealing with it, and you don't think it exists, this would seem that one of you is wrong. I do respect property, I just don?t define it as you do. I don?t consider words on a paper or a color as being property. I don't define property. I give you definitions found in law. You define things not according to law, but your sense of injustice towards money-grubbing legal workers. As to proving if something is original - it can be done to the satisfaction of the courts - there is a whole line of law on intellectual property. Your assertion that it can't be done is wrong. You can do this at http://www.mediaregister.com/examples/   Again, attorneys just love it. Regardless, your assertion that it can't be defined as being original is wrong. It is fortunate too, because if not for this many hard working artists; screen-writers, musicians etc would have their efforts come to nothing, because people who don't believe their work is original would feel free to take it for themselves. It is one thing to argue that what they are doing is self-serving, money grubbing etc, and a totally different argument that the rights of intellectual property don't exist. It is your assertion that a monopoly will not last forever, except with government control. It is your assertion that Standard Oil was not a monopoly, and with 90% of the market, I fail to see then what you would in fact call a monopoly.  I would call the Postal First Class Mail a monopoly. Yes but this is not a natural monopoly. It is helped into existence by government. It is your assertion that a monopoly without government control would not last long/forever or some lengthy time-frame. I mean if you want to deal in absolutes, I agree as nothing but God lasts forever. Standard Oil had a monopoly, but again I say, it would not last forever. In fact, if Standard would have been allowed to continue and raise the price of gas, we may be using alternative forms of fuel today. In other words, I believe that Standard Oil may still be around today, but they would not have a monopoly on energy. How do you prove this? It's not like saying "If not for settlers, the Dodo would still be around". Your kidding! How can you have a monopoly, and real competition?  Let me say it one more time: If a company raises it?s price other competitors will compete. I stated this in a post prior to this Yes, I know you said this. But, as shown with Standard Oil the larger company was easily able to destroy the competition (recall they had 90% share), by shifting costs around their company. What stopped it lasting?  Dell Computer and Microsoft.  I'm not sure that Microsoft is a competitor of IBM. Really, so you'd welcome laws against monopolies in other forms, other than anti-trust laws?  I didn?t say that. That's why I posed this as a question. You said you aren't anti-monopoly, but anti-trust laws. Just because I don?t like something does not mean I think it should be outlawed. But you don't like intellectual property and consign it to non-existence. Besides, monopolies don?t last forever and sometimes they can benefit society (see my other posts). Monopolies are part of the natural capitalist cycle that benefits everyone. I know the last statement is shocking, I agree that monopolies are a product of unrestrained capitalism, which is why I'm not in favour of unrestrained capitalism. It is a system that defeats itself, by destroying competition. and I would not have said this 15 years ago. I have retained my left-leaning feelings (at least as far as economics go) It is easier to lay down new cables, than sewerage and water pipes... at least at present levels of technology. I can't imagine that the bathrooms of the future would have multiple taps from different companies. Or, you change your contract from Fox Sewerage to Bell, and someone comes out and installs a new toilet, with a pay-by-use application.  LOL, that was a good one. Hey, we agree on something here. Note: These are local city or county regulations unlike national patent or copyright laws  The only difference is which tier of government these laws live in. They are still guided by laws and regulations.  I think though that your proposition that monopolies, if left to themselves will cease to remain long in being is untested.  There's a very good link site for intellectual property at... http://www.iaswww.com/ODP/Society/Law/Legal_Information/Intellectual_Property
Saying something is alike something else is to make it an analogy. You said that a patent (a form of protection over property) creates a monopoly. I stated that other forms of property protection would also therefore be 'monopolies' as with an example from real property where-by regardless of how much I might like the view from your land I can't use it without your permission. Hence an extension of your analogy - equating patents with monopolies, shows the flaw in your logic. It remains your analogy. I simply extended it to show other forms of property - including other forms of intellectual property - such as a screen-play. And you disputed that a screen-play could be shown to be original. This interpretation would have fundamental consequences (were it to be adapted) to property law. Here is where you are wrong: I don?t believe patents should be protected because I don?t consider ideas property. This nullifies the rest of the first paragraph.  I am not wrong. Just because you offer an opinion that ideas aren't property doesn't negate the consensus of law-making bodies the world over that such things are property, and therefore should be protected. It is odd way to say 'no it isn't' and insist then that that rebuttal has destroyed my argument. I cited many a law sites that deal with it. If you want to actually offer why you feel it should not be protected, please do so. You've had several days to offer this, but the best offered is your repeating of a previously stated opinion. If you are against monopolies, then why should some one be able to monopolize their property? Shouldn?t anyone be able to build on it? This does not seem consistent. Here is where I am consistent: I believe the government should protect our property rights, but I don?t consider words on paper property. Yes, I know you don't. I don't know 'why' you don't other than 'just because'. Your argument is all over the place. You asked why can't monopolies exist because patents are alike monopolies. You said 'patents create monopolies. It is not about creating a 'monopoly' it is about protecting property. That is your opinion. Why is it not protected like property forever? Why? That is because it has been legislated like that. Even property has protection that is not absolute. Property can be acquired by the government for the 'national interest'. There are rules that allow police to enter your property, even should you not want them there - such as when they have probable cause. What rights are defined, or rather, how they defined is really a matter for government. That they are defined in different ways still does not negate that they offer protection. They are different things. If I own something, I have exclusive rights to it. That is not a monopoly. A monopoly is where we are in competition and you drive me and competitors out of business.  Just because someone drives someone out of business does not make that person a monopoly. Even if a person were to drive EVERYONE out of that business, does not mean the monopoly will be permanent. These are two different statements. If someone drove every competitor out of business, and their own business continued, that is a monopoly, because it is so defined. That a monopoly, un-hampered by government regulations (including regulations towards would-be competitors) would or would not last forever is the heart of your argument. You assume that it wouldn't based on an as yet ill-defined reason. It's not been tested - as far as I know. You've certainly offered no evidence of known cases. But then it's a very difficult proposition for you to prove. You question whether intellectual property exists? It is really property. It is a field of law. Studied at Berkley http://www.law.berkeley.edu/institu...02/ipintro.html and at Columbus http://faculty.cua.edu/fischer/Intr...3/IP%20Home.htm In part regulated by Copyright http://www.copyright.gov/ legislated around the world http://www.worldlii.org/catalog/2296.html It is most strange that you don't 'believe' that it exists.  I agree that is what the law says. The whole point to this discussion is that I don?t believe the law should say this. Yes, again I know you don't. Why? If I write a book, why should I not be able to prevent you making a movie from it without proper compensation to me? I would equally be intrigued to learn if you pirate movies and music - why, or why not? You certainly argue a case that can be construed as being pro-product piracy. I work with legal practitioners. I studied law very briefly in a formal sense(I have a habit of this - not completing studies; having attended at least six different universities), and for much longer in an informal sense (I have lots of time on my hands). However, it would suggest that if solicitors, barristers and other legal practitioners are all dealing with it, and you don't think it exists, this would seem that one of you is wrong.  The people that may be wrong are the ones with a vested interest in it.  Yes, the people who's rights are protected have a vested interest. You have a vested interest in your own property being protected. I have taken some Business Law Classes. I have also taken some RE Law classes. Cool. You probably have more formal qualifications than I do; in regards to law. I don't define property. I give you definitions found in law. You define things not according to law, but your sense of injustice towards money-grubbing legal workers.  Again, it is the law I question. Good. But why? Also, you would need to tie this back into your 'monopolies' argument as we're both guilty of being side-tracked  Regardless, your assertion that it can't be defined as being original is wrong. It is fortunate too, because if not for this many hard working artists; screen-writers, musicians etc would have their efforts come to nothing, because people who don't believe their work is original would feel free to take it for themselves. It is one thing to argue that what they are doing is self-serving, money grubbing etc, and a totally different argument that the rights of intellectual property don't exist.  Monty, that is the best argument for patents, copyrights and trademarks. I was wondering when you would bring that up. Let me ask you a question: Recently pharmaceutical companies have been wanting to extend the length of a patent from 17 to 20 years. They claim that it would bring down the price of drugs. What do you think? I would rather see a five year patent that raising it to 20 or 50 years. I have no opinion on the actual length of a patent. I have stated that property should be protected, but have also given examples where this is not an absolute right. A case in South Africa was finished recently where people sought to have vital AIDS-fighting drugs manufactured without recourse to patented laws - because the drugs were deemed to be needed right away. I can certainly see that this justifies a waiving of patent protection. Does this mean I want all patent laws removed? No. (see http://www.cnn.com/2001/WORLD/africa/04/19/safrica.drugs/) How do you prove this? It's not like saying "If not for settlers, the Dodo would still be around".  This is what can be proved: Some hundred years or so after the break-up of Standard Oil, we are still driving to the supermarket using petroleum products. It would be likely that if gas prices were higher, alternative forms of energy would be used. This argument makes no sense. Of course we are still using oil. But how does that relate to your idea about a monopoly not lasting? Dependence on a product distributed by several organisations doesn't seem to prove anything about your case. In fact, it's just reminded me of a near-monopoly that has lasted some time; OPEC. Though I don't know how to work this into an argument, yet :) as I've got to research their status. I'm not sure that Microsoft is a competitor of IBM.  IBM basically had sales people that helped train employees how to use their equipment. It was quite an operation. With Windows you could train a monkey to use a computer.  Sure, but IBM use Microsoft. They aren't in competition. It's like saying that every Ford car gets Goodyear tyres (that's spelled tires in the USA :)). This doesn't make them competitors. It would if Ford made tyres, or Goodyear made cars. I agree that monopolies are a product of unrestrained capitalism, which is why I'm not in favour of unrestrained capitalism. It is a system that defeats itself, by destroying competition. You missed my point: Sometimes innovation can ONLY occur only if prices are increased because of a monopoly. If you try to keep prices permanently down with laws and regulation, we may not see the INNOVATION. Why innovate? Why? To increase profits. I have retained my left-leaning feelings (at least as far as economics go)  I am far to the left with regards to personal freedom. We have something in common. Cool. I am, however exceptionally conservative on moral issues -though too often breaking my own rules. The only difference is which tier of government these laws live in. They are still guided by laws and regulations.  I prefer the local level. In Australia we are more a centralised government. For instance police aren't at local level, but state and federal. I believe you have local school boards, we don't. In fact, all local governments could be swept out of existence at the whim of a state government. State governments can change local council borders, suspend councils etc. The only reason that they don't do so all the time is because people like their councils (in general) and would tend to punish such a government at the electoral box. I think though that your proposition that monopolies, if left to themselves will cease to remain long in being is untested.  We will never know because they are broken apart. That is why I brought the IBM example up: Before the suit was settled it became apparent they did not have a monopoly. The suit was just dropped. I think in general the concentration of power is a bad thing - even for a short while (perhaps in times of war, it might be necessary), and economic power is no exception.  There's a very good link site for intellectual property at... http://www.iaswww.com/ODP/Society/L...ectual_Property  Thanks for the discussion Monty. I am afraid this could go on forever. If you want to cut the discussion shorter just answer this one question: If copyrights etc are property, then why shouldn?t people be allowed to keep them forever, or do you advocate that? You've caught me on the hop! I believe in property protection, but I've not ever thought about how long it should be protected for - it's something I've never thought about. That's what I'll do. If I remember, I'll ask some people at work. A lady I worked with has actually specialised in intellectual property, but she's not responded to my e-mails for some months. I guess I'll see what happens. Also, thanks for keeping the discussion civil. It is a pleasure. Most people wouldn't think so, but it is what I aim to do - exchange ideas. I tend though to fight fire with fire, and you've not been insulting. Your post has now prompted me into thinking about something I've never really considered.
I am not wrong. Just because you offer an opinion that ideas aren't property doesn't negate the consensus of law-making bodies the world over that such things are property, and therefore should be protected. It is odd way to say 'no it isn't' and insist then that that rebuttal has destroyed my argument. I cited many a law sites that deal with it. If you want to actually offer why you feel it should not be protected, please do so. You've had several days to offer this, but the best offered is your repeating of a previously stated opinion.  Just because there is a law, does not mean I support it.  No one says you must. But I would like to know why you support one lot of property laws, and not another, and the following doesn't answer it...  You ask why I don?t think there should not be patent laws: This law has the effect raising the cost of goods.  This then would be across the board, regardless of the property in question. But you're not against laws of real and personal property. These are two different statements. If someone drove every competitor out of business, and their own business continued, that is a monopoly, because it is so defined. That a monopoly, un-hampered by government regulations (including regulations towards would-be competitors) would or would not last forever is the heart of your argument. You assume that it wouldn't based on an as yet ill-defined reason. It's not been tested - as far as I know. You've certainly offered no evidence of known cases.  Why drop Anti-trust cases then (Like IBM)? I don't know why your government did. It is not uncommon in the application of laws that prosecutors drop cases - this doesn't mean that they believe the parties are innocent - often they do so for reasons of resources. Yes, the people who's rights are protected have a vested interest. You have a vested interest in your own property being protected. That right is only as good as the money you have to protect it. This statement is rather troubling. Does this mean that you don't support laws that protect real property? Sure, but IBM use Microsoft. They aren't in competition. I didn?t say MS was a competitor.  I'm sorry, you have me confused. You say that the monopoly of IBM was stopped by a non-competitor? In Australia we are more a centralised government. For instance police aren't at local level, but state and federal. I believe you have local school boards, we don't. In fact, all local governments could be swept out of existence at the whim of a state government. State governments can change local council borders, suspend councils etc. The only reason that they don't do so all the time is because people like their councils (in general) and would tend to punish such a government at the electoral box. I think in general the concentration of power is a bad thing - even for a short while (perhaps in times of war, it might be necessary), and economic power is no exception.  All systems made by man have faults. That is why I like power given to local authorities. One sweeping law for the whole state or country is not always best. [quote=Montalban]You've caught me on the hop! I believe in property protection, but I've not ever thought about how long it should be protected for - it's something I've never thought about. That's what I'll do. If I remember, I'll ask some people at work. A lady I worked with has actually specialised in intellectual property, but she's not responded to my e-mails for some months. I guess I'll see what happens. Most people wouldn't think so, but it is what I aim to do - exchange ideas. I tend though to fight fire with fire, and you've not been insulting. Your post has now prompted me into thinking about something I've never really considered.  You are an incredibly nice person. It's nice to hear that. You should see what people say on the evolution thread regarding peppered moths... post 29 Montalban is a liar on two counts and Montalban is a liar I do have an analogy for the length of property rights. I guess you could consider it a lease. People lease a right to a patent etc. Let me explain my position of patents etc.:  Right now many people in the US are complaining about the high cost of prescription drugs. The drug companies have a patent on their products, and can charge whatever they want. Of course, the best argument for patents is the reason you gave: Why research new drugs if someone can just copy it?   I contend these researchers would continue to work, but make less money (I doubt they would all become greeters at Wal-Mart). They would have to change the way they distribute drugs. The same goes for movies. The movie stars would be paid far less and distribution may change.  Going back to pharmaceutical drugs: In the US many advocate the government picking up the cost of the drugs. That is the last thing I want to see happen. Others advocate price controls. If you advocate price controls, why even offer a patent on the product?   What is happening here? IMHO, we tinkered with the free market by allowing patents. Now we blame the free market for the high cost of goods.   IMHO, all laws hurt poor people. The patent laws drive up the price of goods, because those with the patent can charge what they want. The free market is not functioning.  We discussed two items here Monty: One was Anti-Trust Laws, and the other was Patent Laws. Can you tell I don?t favor many laws? I understand with regards to patents, too. I posted earlier about the fight South Africa had to get cheaper anti-AIDS drugs.
Your link goes to "Against intellectual property" by Brian Martin. It in turn has a link to another site, which ironically states "Electronic copies are provided for individual use for private study or research. To reproduce these publications, permission should be sought unless stated otherwise. Links are welcome." http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/ Obviously he's concerned about protecting what he's written; protecting his intellectual property. You need to seek his permission to use his intellectual property; even when he's arguing against intellectual property.  In fairness to him, though, another link leads to a list of publications he's made: http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/books.html  And many of these are available in e-form. BUT NOT ALL You have to purchase Random Selection in Politics http://info.greenwood.com/books/0275967/0275967026.html The Whistleblower's Handbook : How to Be an Effective Resister  http://www.uow.edu.au/arts/sts/bmartin/pubs/99wh.html and others.
Communism will save the world from capitalist/fascist people who divide it with capital, communism unites everything to work for a common goal, and destroy private property the chains of labor. The sun of capitalism is setting. The sun of socialism is rising! Workers of the world unite!
So what if I am a communist, there is only 1 communist prty(RCP) in the united states,2 others claim to be(cpusa is social-democrat,plp is stalinist-socialism), but there are 2 nazi parties(anp,lnsgp) and 3 fascist parties, and the anp has killed communists, and no arrests even though police knew it,the cpusa used to be more communist in the 30's and got 4th place for presidency,the palmer raids in 1919 arrested thousands of communists, most exiled or executed. the reason we're targeted is because most in the gov' are rich&powerful a bad combination, and when someone doesn't like them(hurts their profits)they arrest them, most commies were arrested for thinking revolutionary thoughts, the usa was born from a revolution, and revolutions need the support of the people to last, so its democratic,and not all revolts are violent,also the south african communist party help ended the apartheid movement, also the rich use nationalism,sexism,racism,and other discriminations to divide the workers so they don't focuse on their real enemy:the rich, so communists are arrested, on the charge of helping the world
Judging by the address you say you are writing from, can we assume that your observations are an ironic spoof ?   what the hell emoticon_xdonno
just because socialism fell in the soviet union doesn't mean communism can ever be triumphant,mao said that nothing ever goes through smoothly,there are always some setbacks, but 2/3 of russians want the soviet union back, half of those would rather have stalin, i've heard, and in almost every country communist parties are gaining members,like in greece, their CP gained 1%more national votes than the one before
Capitalism Q: What is capitalism? A: The control of commodities (goods and services) through corporations that produce only to make profits for their shareholders (the capitalist class). In contrast, socialism is the control of commodities through a government that produces only to serve people (the working class).  Q: Rich people deserve to be rich because they work harder. Why should they give up their money?  A: Capitalists gain their wealth from the labor of others--not from their own work. The workers who actually create the wealth-by picking the crops or assembling the engines, for example-should get a fair share of the wealth they create. Why should someone be a millionaire, with three houses, a private plane, and the like when other folks can't even afford enough to eat?  Q: Aren't people greedy by nature?  A: No. For example, in capitalist countries, little children quickly learn to share and cooperate, but they are later taught to take more than they need compete viciously in "the real world."   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Socialism and Communism Q: Can people decide what job they want in communist countries?  A: Yes, and better than under capitalism. Now, you get a job based on the education you receive, and the people you know: poor education + bad connections = a poor job, generally. Communism will allow people who have aptitudes for certain work the education--for free--to learn the skills it takes to do that work.  Q: Why would anyone be motivated to work hard under communism? If you work harder, shouldn't you get more?  A: People can learn to be motivated by working for the common good. If we help each other, we both gain. Capitalism encourages us to fight against each other for crumbs, while the very few stuff themselves on the pie.  Q: Why don't you like democracy, why is communism better?  A: Democracy and communism are not opposites. Communists believe in TRUE democracy, as opposed to our "bourgeois democracy." What that means is when you only get to choose between millionaires running for election, working class people (the vast majority of society) aren't really represented. Elections in a capitalist system are almost always decided by who can get the most corporate money. True democracy will be realized under communism because everyone will have an equal say in society.  Q: The world has never been fair, so how can the communists make it fair?  A: Fairness is a function of how wealth is distributed. Under capitalism, workers receive only a small percentage of the wealth that they create. Under socialism, workers receive a larger share. Under communism, workers (all people) will receive everything.  Q: What is the difference between communism and socialism?  A: The short answer is socialism is "from each according to their ability and to each according to their DEEDS," and communism is "from each according to their ability and to each according to their NEEDS." The longer answer is socialism is the step between capitalism and communism. Socialism still has people working for wages, therefore monetary equality has not be reached. Socialism is the society that will pave the way for a communist society by setting a foundation of co-operation and sharing of all things in common. Communism is the realization of these goals.  Q: What would be the benefits of socialism in the US?  A: Just to name a few there would be jobs for all at living wages, full equality and an end to racism, sexism and homophobia, health care for all, a right to a clean healthy environment, equal rights for immigrant workers, free public education form nursery to university, peace and solidarity. Q: Is socialism inevitable?  A: If the human race is to survive--yes, it is. Capitalism cannot solve the problems it creates. For example, the capitalists want to pay workers less and less so they can have more and more for themselves. But when the workers have less, they can buy less, which means the capitalist end up with less as a result. It's a vicious circle that has no solution under capitalism.  Q: Does socialism automatically end exploitation, racism, sexism and homophobia?  A: No. These societal ills are products of capitalism, but they will not vanish immediately with socialism. They have been around for centuries, and will take generations of the humanistic system of socialism and a constant struggle to cure. But, socialism will make ending these problems possible, while capitalism encourages them. At the same time, we can't wait until "after the revolution" to fight these ills. The fight against exploitation, racism, sexism and homophobia is a crucial part of the struggle for socialism.  Q: How can you have communism and still have individual freedom?  A: By limiting bureaucracy, establishing human-rights laws ), and reminding all workers that they need to remain involved in union and civic activities.  Q: How free are the people in communist countries? What kind of rights do they have? Can they think for themselves and make their own choices?  A: These things vary according to each socialist country. Generally, no one has the right to become wealthy or spread capitalistic propaganda. In capitalist countries, we have only illusions of freedom and democracy because the media is owned by only a few corporations and the political campaigns are financed by the billionaires.  Q: Are there taxes in communist countries?  A: Generally no. However some socialist countries levy taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals.  Q: How can people get ahead in a communist country?  A: Ahead of whom? Under capitalism, people get ahead of other people. Many poor and working class people in this country consider putting food on the table being ahead of the game. Under socialism, and eventually communism, all people get ahead together with basic necessities and luxuries. Organizing, communists Q: Why is unity so important?  A: It's the best tool the working class has, we have strength in numbers. We are the majority in this country and world wide.Without unity, we fight each other for the crumbs while the capitalist takes the majority of the pie. With communism we each get an equal share of that pie.  Q: Do communists believe in god? Do they outlaw religion?  A: Some communists believe in god, some don't. Gus Hall,says, "Our fight is not with God, but with capitalists." Freedom of religion would continue under communism--as long as the organized religion does not seek to destroy the system and replace it with capitalism or any other earlier system (such as slavery or feudalism).  Q: Do people treat you differently if you are a communist?  A: Yes. Even those who disagree with our politics respect our work and commitment to the class struggle. Many bless us, a few curse us, but no one ignores us.  Q: Why is the working class so important?  A: We are the majority class. It is our work which creates the wealth which allows a very few people to live in obscene luxury. Because we are the majority class, we have the real power to transform society.  International Issues Q: Has there ever been a communist society that succeeded?  A: Technically, there never has been a communist society. Some socialist societies, such as Cuba are succeeding. Communism is the long term goal; just as the world has evolved from feudalism to capitalism, so it will evolve from capitalism, first through socialism (in which the working class is dominant), then eventually to communism (in which there are no classes). Our job is to hasten that evolution.  Q: What communist countries still exist?  A: Cuba is a socialist state.  Q: Was the Soviet Union a real communist country?  A: No. It was a socialist.  Q: Why did communism fail in the Soviet Union?  A: There are many reasons why socialism fell in the Soviet Union. One reason was because of the Cold War. Capitalist countries were able to spend more on the cold war and the Soviet Union tried too hard to compete. For example, Reagan was able to build a greater military force by obscenely increasing our national debt. Overall it is very hard for a socialist country to survive with imperial powers breathing down their necks. There were both errors that the Communist officials made within the country and forces from outside that tainted the gains of the revolution. Q: Why do so many people want to leave Cuba?  A: Relatively few want to leave. They have all suffered due to our 40-year blockade, but most do not believe that they can become wealthy capitalists by leaving Cuba.  Q: Is Cuba a dictatorship?  A: No. Although the Cuban people have a strong central government, they are very active in local and national democratic elections, especially through their union activities.
This is truly one of the most idiotic "FAQs" I have ever seen.   Though when I say idiotic I really mean "dishonest".   And when I say "FAQs" I mean piles of steaming turd.  You appear to have cut and pasted this from a website created by a 15 year old. http://members.tripod.com/~antilemming/main.htm in 1997.  Although you have taken out the bit about how maybe Stalin didn't really kill many people.    I am astounded by the logic.  In the original FAQ, China and Vietnam are also identified as "successful socialist states", and North Korea as a "socialist state", along with glorious Cuba.  You listed the wrong website it is from the YCLUSA, they never talked about Stalin, and China and Vietnam have less laws limiting Capitalism than the US does so thay don't count. Oh yes and I as a communist have read more than this like Communist Manifesto,Das Kapital, and The State and Revolution. and I have read much history of the USSR and I frequently visit a communist forum.  And I have read the Soviet documents from the 30's,most "Modern Information" comes from Nazi William Hearst, Robert Conquest, and The Fascist Alexander Solzhenitsyn.
Which ideology do you adhere to?  At this point I'm not entirely certain any contemporary definitions apply. Former capitalist.
Hee hee...funny poll ;) Eco-communist all the way!
Eco communist, because i'm not the other one.  Was this symbiotic humour?
Easily an eco-communist. I mean, what`s more attractive than a tree-hugging, "socially aware" revolutionary? And lets face it, politics is all about getting laid.
Easily an eco-communist. I mean, what`s more attractive than a tree-hugging, "socially aware" revolutionary? And lets face it, politics is all about getting laid.  Politics is also about money and capitalists can normally afford a higher quality level of revolutionary to 'support' than those clamoring for equality.
Isn't everything?  So true  Politics is also about money and capitalists can normally afford a higher quality level of revolutionary to 'support' than those clamoring for equality.  Ah, yes. But money is just means to the end of getting laid, so it all boils down to the same thing.
 Ah, yes. But money is just means to the end of getting laid, so it all boils down to the same thing.  Haggling does take some of the romanticism out of the goal, but we all do what's required.
I want to see thoughts on this. I would have to go with a democratic-republic just because we have rights and have the right to vote. Other than that, the idea of Communism is much more well rounded
Communism meaning the government russia had from the 1940s to 1990. Democratic- republic: the government the US has today.
One more thing I'll post is thje rudimetary concept of communism: Everyone is equal. A farmer makes $40 a month than a doctor makes $20 a month. No one in a communist government owns land, so there are no rights, except for the members of the the communist party, they own land. Finally, there isn't an equalized system of healthcare, one person can afford healthcare, one cannot.
georged, no kiddin. I'm wrong alright.
How can there be a democratic constitutional monarchy. The ideals of the democracy and the monarchy contradict each other.
One of the biggest problems with socialism is the cradle-to-grave government provision. This quashes the entrepeneurial spirit and the drive to improve one's lot in life.  So taking care of the less fortunate is a bad thing? The drive to improve one's lot in life is a flawed concept to begin with. It leads to greed which is heart and driving force behind capitalism.
In class I have to debate why if we were to start a new country why it should be socialistic. I don't want this to turn into a debate, I only wants links and reasons on why we should go socialistic over capitalistic.  Thanks for helping.  *REMINDER* please do not turn this into a debate!  Socialism is a very broad category of political ideals, which particular form were you thinking of?  And just so you know, Fascism is not a form of socialism in any way. Socialism does not have oppressive governments. The purpose of socialism is to remove the class differences in society, if there is a small group of bureaucrats enforcing their will on the workers then that's a class difference.
If you live in a place where there is a governing body, you're living under some measure of socialism. A Government can only handle socialized things. Meaning If the Government touches it, it's a social event.  The United States is heavily socialized.   Bill Gates doesn't have the Navy wash his yacht and General Motors doesn't use the Army to transport their trucks. Warren Buffet can't kick you out of Yellow Stone and Larry Ellison can't stop you from Using US 1 to see the coast.  Nothing is more socialized than a standing army. This is why initially; the United States tried to work with Militias less an actual Active Military. Our military institutions are the peoples. We have the Peoples Navy, Army and Air force; we don't need Lords offering their Militias for a war as did Britain and so on, in the past under capitalism.  First let's get rid of the concept that Socialism weakens a nation. This is a lie. Socialism makes a country very powerful. Germany was nothing before Hitler socialized its military industrial complex. After Socializing Germany became the most powerful nation on the earth and it took three massive countries to take her down. Britain; The United States; and Russia threw a ton of bodies into the battle to knock little Germany down.  Before Russia socialized, it was nothing. Poland's last worry was over Russia. After socializing Russia became a superpower and the rest is history. We defeated Russia clearly. But how? Funny thing, if you where to count the number of socialists allied with Russia and the United States you would have found that the U.S. had a greater number. The United States had more capital moving into the Social defense area and Russia could not keep up, especially when its people where not clearly allied to their government. Nixon was the man that threw the wrench into the Russian imperial growth machine. Nixon opened relations with China. If Nixon would not have done this, we would have been where Russia is today. Our economy would have burst if we had to face a Russia united with China.  A Country's money is only worth what it will buy. Cuba can become what ever it wants and it still falls back to, what can you buy with the money they print? Anything they build will require some form of import. Japan faced this pre-WWII and when we cut the supply of steel, they're economy was crushed.  Interesting thing to consider; what can you buy with the Dollar? China takes the dollar for what? China wants to own a mountain of Fords? The Middle East only takes the dollar. What would happen if they didn't? Think long and hard about that.
Did you know that in most states mothers can be denied a job or given less pay for the same work, just because they're mothers?  There is a silent crisis in America. Mothers and families are in trouble. The wage gap between mothers and non-mothers is now greater than between women and men: One study found non-mothers earn 10% less than their male counterparts; mothers earn 27% less; and single mothers earn between 44% and 34% less.  This wage hit has a direct impact on families--a full quarter of families with children under six live in poverty, at least 9 million children don't have any health care, and far too many parents can't afford to stay home with sick children. Working toward common sense family-friendly policies like those covered in The Motherhood Manifesto will help all families.  If you truly care about mothers and kids and families you might want to sign the Motherhood Manifesto at:  http://www.momsrising.org/petition/familyfriendly?a=2&r=1711&id=7477-6742734-QYceC7GH0_0oaJv7ZxQv0A&t=5
In other words, selling one's soul to the corporate mentality, the American way.   Europeans have a different way of looking at life. Families are important, having leisure time is important, participating in other human events is important.   So, which is it? Humanity? Human life? Community? Family?  Or the God Almighty Corporation?
If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.What is wealth?  If it can be determined what wealth is, how much wealth is necessary?  Does giving up leisure time to work all the time always produce wealth?  Sadly, in the U.S. presently, we have families where each parent works two or three jobs and they still are unable to accumulate wealth--the WORKING POOR OF AMERICA, the legacy of George Walker Bush and the Republican Party.  In contrast, my Swedish relatives, compared to my American relatives, have acumulated incredibly beautiful, well-designed homes, they have been laborers but they have also been artists and artisans and created beauty as such, they have had leisure to ski, hike, engage in other outdoor things and they haven't worked themselves to death as Americans have been obliged to do because of the corporate mentality of America.  My American relatives have worked and worked and they are comfortable but, my God! the contrast in esthetics between the Swedes and Americans is astounding. The Swedes have surrounded themselves with beautiful and wonderful design; the Americans have surrounded themselves with cheap stuff from Wal-mart that looks icky and falls apart.  The quality of life between the two nations is universes apart.
imperialism has to stop their has to be a day when the workers of humanity dicide the fate of the world and not coca cola! it will happen its a matter of time , this present system of world politics only brings missery to the world , only the working class them selfs can imancipate them selfs from this inslavement , only fear stops us , we will over come we will over come! you conservitives i em dyslexic but bet it wont stop you to try and victomise me like you always do to the poor and disavantaged keep faith cosmic jim proud member of the communist league
Jim,  The working class has shown themselves unfit to lead. What now?  personally I don't accept the premise of the question.
james forristal, you indeed make a compelling argument in favour of keeping the faith of communism, and I find myself drawn to your beliefs. Do you issue any kind of newsletter I could subscribe to?
Fortunately, the Bolshevik Revolution failed. 1989, the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down, along with Soviet Ideology.  Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it.  Of course the bolshevik revolution was doomed from the start as Russia was not indsutrialised and the revolution was imposed by a minority of the bourgeoisie rather than a mass movement of the proletariat (not that there was a proletariat in Russia at the time).
there are other models of communism than the soviet one. Redistribution can be coupled with business built on the collective model, like the co-op or John Lewis in the UK, communist doesn't have to mean Stalinist.
The closes to the idea of communism we get in the real world is when we look at the family as a form of communism. Other real world attempts never got even close to as close to true communism.
Marxism describes a situation following a revolution in a capitalist system. You cannot claim that a tribal society is marxist, it simply doesn't fit the theory. It's worth remembering that developed tribal societies lasted well into the 1700s in western europe and it was only forcible eradication that destroyed them. I'm thinking of course of the highland clans.  If we're going to take infant mortality as the measure of a society, you will note that (ostensibly) communist Cuba has a lower infant mortality rate than capitalist America.
First, I'm sure that the Cuban's report whatever they feel is 'good' for Cuba. But I'm sure the difference between Cuba and the US is nothing compared to the US and the Mek or even Mexico and the Mek.  Well, I'm basing this on figures from the CIA World Factbook. Are you saying the CIA trusts Cuban propaganda? emoticon_xclown
Are you saying the CIA trusts Cuban propaganda?  Umm, it's the CIA. Might improve report accuracy?
Your argument doesn't hold up. The economy of the USSR went from feudal agrarian to industrial in less than half a century. The proletariat at the time of the revolution numbered 4% of the population. The command economy catapulted the USSR to superpower status, which it only lost as a result of trying to maintain military superiority (40% of GDP on arms is going to do that). Many criticisms can be made of the USSR, lack of economic growth is not one of them. When capitalism was allowed in, look at the mess that resulted.
Actually, the only way a govt. could ever control a person enough to supplant their natural wish for freedom and opportunity is to brutally subjugate them. So, yes, actually, the brutality IS a result of their economic system. If the people (in the USSR) had had the ability to participate in the economic system then they wouldn't have had to have been suppressed like that. Look at China now (and Cuba, etc...) the reason that communist citizens must be totally controlled is because they aren't free and because that economic system can't produce enough of the products that people need (much less the products they want).  You continue to neglect the very recent pre-industrial starting points of all these countries. I should also point out that America's wealth was built on slavery too. The reason the USSR couldn't provide for its people was that it was spending 40% of GDP on armaments and empire building. Political freedom has little to do with economic systems, most ordinary citizens have little control over what is produced by the economy, and what goods are available to them. A democratically controlled command economy would actually have more scope for freedom than the current plutocratic system. Every time a country has attempted democratic socialism, the CIA have intervened backing death squads and the like to suppress it. Ever heard of the School of the Americas?
You missed the key words "very recent" - the USSR pretty much began from an agrarian base in 1917. The US entered the industrial revolution not long after Britain did, in a far more hospitable climate and without outside pressure - let's not forget that the new regime came under attack from white forces almost as soon as WW1 ended.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  The climate certainly has an impact, as does the starting point, which you keep trying to wriggle out of. Russia only emancipated its serfs in the late 19th century, something which happened centuries earlier in western europe. It took the capitalist system 300 years to achieve what centralised planning managed in 50. It's also worth noting that during the quickest phases of development, both the US and western europe were heavily protectionist and supportive of their own industries, they developed best with the addition of central support, much as China is doing today and South Korea did previously.
Do you know what pre-communist Russia was like? What the rest of the eastern block areas were like? How advanced they were compared to the west?  Well, for starters try this: my very own Slovenia was an averagely developed area of Austro-Hungary (how do you English call it, anyway?), and when it became a part of Yugoslavia, it benefited because it was suddenly the most advanced region of Yugoslavia.  The US has had a long war free period to develop in while the soviet Russia started during an exhausting war, faced another war soon after, and even before the first war was underdeveloped.    Anyway, all beside the point. The basics of communism were only barely tried. And not in russia - poor Yugoslavia took the most experimental approaches. Marx' ideas were a critique and a proposed solution to the excesses of capitalism gone rampant. WHile the methods he proposed are suspect, at least you may want to think about what it must have been like that people went for them.    One final thought I'd like to offer, my own evaluation of communism: while it did not work out as it was supposed to (for starters, it never actually got implemented), it did offer an alternative to western capitalism, and the very existence of this alternative has made capitalist systems restrain themselves, which made capitalism better.
I don't think the all the people in the US participate out of choice, for many they are forced to work horrendous hours for sub-survivable wages in order to scrape by. The unemployed are forced into work long distances from home simply to satisfy the middle class lust for punishment of the poor, with no thought to helping them secure retraining and a long term future. Not to mention all those living with chronic illnesses because they can't afford insurance or medical fees.
Jo, even unemployeed people on welfare have flatscreen tvs and cable.  Prove it. Prove that every unemployed person has cable and a flatscreen TV. Heck, prove to me that more than half have them.  EDIT: learn the difference between Sweden and Switzerland.
