i just thought that it would be cool to revive this thread. it was such an interesting debate.
Oh, such a lively debate... more like capitalist bashing. :P
now all we need is dsadevil and we'll be on our way!!!
Joy...
Yes capitalism sucks. There has got to be a better way. I also know that the better way is not socialism.
I like capitalism because you have your chance to do what you want. Be stupid or be smart, and most very poor people have chosen to be stupid. They dropped out of school or got pregnant, not that that is always the case. The single mother is an example, but she can usually get help. 67% of black children are born out of wedlock, but I don't see Jesse Jackson or Al SHarpton fighting that.
capitalism in theory allows people to have equal opportunity, but that is not the case. like it or not broker, there is a such thing as class conflict. and not most poor people have "chosen" to be stupid. they have been born in an environment that does not allow for them to progress. poverty is a neverending cycle. most poor people were born to poor parents and most rich people were born to rich parents. poor children (who did not "choose" to be poor) go to poor inner-city schools. rich children go to rich wealthy schools. and even in the case of a woman who gets pregnant, should we punish her for the rest of her life because she made one mistake? or should we give her another chance...
I'm not supporting her because of her mistake. That's not forgetting to take the trash out...   People born into poverty can do well in any school and get money for college. They can succeed. Most are just too lazy to do it.
thats easy for you to say, since you've never been poor...  i am willing to support someone for a mistake that they made when they were young. i guess it has to do with what kind of person you are. if you are a compassionate person then you will be willing to help those in need. if you are money-hungry and filled with greed and close-minded then you will not want to help the needy.
Every great mistake has a halfway moment. THose people knew what they did could potentially destroy their lives.   And it's true. There are millions of success stories...everywhere.
there's only 250 million people in the united states. how could their be millions of success stories
why not support the needy? you're a christian right broker? wouldnt Jesus show mercy to the person who made a mistake early in life? or would he just say "too bad". thats something for you to consider broker. money is not everything. so stop acting like it is.
There are 280 million people in the US. I'd say there are several million people who grew up poor and aren't poor today.
I'll give to the poor when and if I want to. I don't want 85% of the money that I had to work for being taken by a government that just comes up with new ways to take more from me. I don't want to be forced to do anything and forcing me makes me not want to do it.   I'm not against helping the poor. I am against giving them money to live their whole lives instead of helping them to get out of poverty. That's all that happens in these socialist countries! Their poverty rates are rising and in many cases are higher than ours!  Anyone can raise their status if they want to. You may have to work two hard jobs to get into a college and get a degree to do something that pays good, but you can do it.
broker, you act like none of those tax dollars go to stuff that you use. you dont go to athletic events? you dont use the mail? you dont drive on roads? theres a bunch of other things as well that you use that are paid for by tax dollars.
When they tax you for 85% all I can say is welfare state. That's why I think more people get into poverty and need their social welfare under a socialist system...it's absurd to me.   Taxes are fine, as long as they don't take too much and they don't waste it. I don't think anything more than 50% of a person's income should be taken and I don't think the government should act like it's their money, because it's not.
Yes! I hate government bailouts! Huge corporate tax rates kill industry that does most of the research, and 50% of small businesses only sell to coporations. Falling is anti-corporations...
i always thought that robinhood was a good guy, oh well:)  have u ever heard of progressive tax? the richest people pay a higher percentage. so lets say a rich person pays 60% of their income to taxes. someone who is on the lower level income bracket, which would be where we are, would not pay nearly that much.
I like the progressive tax, but I'm limit to no more than 50% of someone's income.
wow, i am getting so freakin tired of repeating the same arguments over and over again. i think that i have addressed this question about 1000 times on this website, many times with broker. read some of the earlier posts. if you have a specific question or argument that has not been made yet, i will be glad to post a response.
Well, Falling, don't you think the economy would be hurt if you raised tax rates on the rich to about 70%?
not really, because if you tax the rich more then that means the government will have more money to spend. when the government spends money, it spurs on the economy. its called Keynesian economics. government spending will also increase consumer demand. you must be a supply-sider.
Yet with Reagan's tax cuts the economy went through the roof and he doubled federal revenues.
after reagan's tax cuts took place, the united states experienced the worst recession since the great depression.   poverty increased greatly. in fact, poverty rose every single year from 1981 to 1992.   our country experienced a huge increase in the deficit. when reagan took office, we were 994 billion dollars in debt. when he left, we were 2867 dollars in debt. why did this happen? because while reagan cut taxes, he also increased military spending. the trade deficit also quadrupled during this time period.   wow reagan's tax cuts were sure a huge hit, werent they:)   please explain to me how we got out of the Great Depression.   let me give you a quick history lesson:): herbert hoover was a strict capitalist and believed that the government should just stay out (laissez-faire) and that the depression would heal itself. three years into the depression, the economy was even worse off than it was in the beginning. then in 1932, when FDR is elected president (my most favorite president ever!!:D:D), he increased government spending and created new jobs through the government. unemployment gradually decreased and the economy came back. the economy was almost all the way back and then world war II came around. the government spent even more money on the war, which stimulated the economy. by the end of FDR's term, we were completely out of the depression!! yay:D:D!!! but then after FDR died, you had many capitalists who were very jealous of him and angry that he was successful. they denounced the New Deal and all of the good it did. and they brainwashed people like you into thinking government spending does not stimulate the economy.
Yeah, he had a recession, and his tax cuts moved us out of that! Unemployment and inflation were at decade lows! Federal revenue was doubled!   Reagan was concerned about that deficit, but Congress, as a result of the DEMOCRATS, was unable to agree on cuts in spending.  Of course he was increasing military spending! The Soviet Union was still a ahuge threat, and he was the one responsible for bringing it down.   And the US recovered fast from the 1987 economic troubles, so it's not even worth mentioning.   When Reagan left office the deficit was seriously reduced, wasn't it? Let me go find something from my shootout with Dsa on the old site.
They cut the deficit by 70 thousand million...I've got five minutes so someone can traslate that into billions, please.   Reagan cut income taxes for EVERYONE by 25% and signed the most sweeping tax reform in 75 years. He closed many loopholes that the rich were using.
unemployment did not decrease during reagans administration, it increased. and the deficit remained extremely high until clinton's administration.  can you please respond to FDR and his New Deal that saved the country?
I never denied that it didn't. But that was a different time...an extrodinary circumstance.   Actually, unemployment reached a 14-year low during the Reagan administartion. Where did you hear otherwise? And whos fault was the deficit? Reagan WAS worried about it, but the DEMOCRATS refused to cut spending.
Originally posted by fallingupwards  can you please respond to FDR and his New Deal that saved the country?    Look at the DJIA. In the early 30s the economy was starting to turn around. Was it the New Deal? I'm willing to accept that. But the economy was about as low as it could go and could go no where else but up. In the years just before WW2 it looked like the economy was about it take another dump. Saying the New Deal saved the country does have some merit, but it is shaky at best. I can say for sure the economic explosion after WW2 was due to massive defense spending.
i'm not a big fan of massive defense spending, but it is government spending nonetheless. therefore, if you say that ww2 stopped the depression, then you are also saying that government spending can take us out of an economic slump. same thing applies if you think it was the New Deal
Originally posted by fallingupwards  i'm not a big fan of massive defense spending, but it is government spending nonetheless. therefore, if you say that ww2 stopped the depression, then you are also saying that government spending can take us out of an economic slump. same thing applies if you think it was the New Deal    That is exactly what I am saying. By no means do I condone big government saving the economy by any means, defense spending or anything resembling a modern New Deal.  What may suprise you here is that I am afraid of people with guns! Especially a large well equiped military. A large well equiped military can have politcal power unto itself. It is a large credit to our professional officer corps that we don't have a miitary coup every few years.  I just wish the rest of our government had the same discipline. Then I could entertain the idea of socialism. When the state has political power, it never gives it back. Before I get flamed, I am not advocating a military junta as form of government for the United States.
The thing in this country is that the government controls the military instead of the military controlling the government... good thing.
Socialism, communism and capitalism aren't the only choices for how to organize an economy.  Also, the US at present is neither "pure capitalist" nor socialist.   I do believe that some people should re-evaluate their definitions of socialism, as they seem confused about what it is.
Morfos, just wanted to clarify that I'm not referring to you when I say people should look up the word socialism....
Europe has a superior form of government and Americans need to relize this. .  Sorry, but what you do not realize is that we kicked out European forms of government in 1776. We saved European governments in WW2. The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men. When the USA first had the vote, Europe still had kings and emperors. Europe has become more like the USA and needs to work harder to become more like the USA. The USA had true freedom for more than 100 years before Europe started to get rid of their kings. In a few European countries they still have thier kings. I do not want to see a return of kings the the USA. Europe is almost like the USA, they just need to try a little harder.
Sorry, but what you do not realize is that we kicked out European forms of government in 1776. We saved European governments in WW2. The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men. When the USA first had the vote, Europe still had kings and emperors. The founding fathers were afraid to trust the common people with the right to vote. They didn't want mob rule and chaos. "Most of the Founders believed that property ownership was essential to good citizenship and therefore that only property owners should be able to vote. 'Property', in those days, also included slaves, of course, and half of the Founders were slave owners....The maintenance of power in the hands of the elite was further strengthened by who could vote. In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners." http://www.alternativesmagazine.com/22/lonsdale.html
Socialism, communism and capitalism aren't the only choices for how to organize an economy.  Also, the US at present is neither "pure capitalist" nor socialist.   I do believe that some people should re-evaluate their definitions of socialism, as they seem confused about what it is.  The US is still the closest thing to a pure capitalist country in the world. But you are correct, our system is not a pure capitalist one. We have reminants of all types of systems including socialism. In the modern world I don't think a society as large as the US is could be run under just one pure system.
The founding fathers were afraid to trust the common people with the right to vote. They didn't want mob rule and chaos. "Most of the Founders believed that property ownership was essential to good citizenship and therefore that only property owners should be able to vote. 'Property', in those days, also included slaves, of course, and half of the Founders were slave owners....The maintenance of power in the hands of the elite was further strengthened by who could vote. In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners." http://www.alternativesmagazine.com/22/lonsdale.html  What is your point?
The USA was the very FRIST government ever to be rulled by common and free men.  Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners.  What is your point?  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".
Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".  So what your saying is that we were not supposed to become a democracy and we are not a democracy, therefore we are exactly what we were meant to become. An interesting point of view.  I'd like to hear why you don't believe the US is a democracy at this time if those other ones you listed off were considered to be democracies. I do agree that the US was never meant to be a democracy but I disagree with you that the US isn't currently one.
I don't know about what anything is "meant" to be. I do know that "democracy" was never intended, or even wished, by the "founding fathers". The US was founded as a Republic, and remains a Republic.  To believe in democracy is to believe that every person is born free and entitled to everything that society has to offer, as long as they don't infringe on other's enjoyment of the same. Not because their biological parents accumulated wealth. Not because they have bombs or a military.  In the US, wealth is passed on to progeny instead of shared. Labour is valued by how much people can be starved into working. People die of starvation in the street, and a Freddy vs Jason movie is made with billions of dollars. Police arrest someone for stealing food or smoking a joint, and CEOs shake hands with politicians over billion dollar scams.  I believe that is an insane way to run a society. Neither is it an accident. Unfortunately, because if it were, it would be easy to correct in a peaceful manner. Instead, the US was created based on the idea that those who had should continue to have (regardless of how they came to have in the first place). The only way any "freedoms" have been won is with bloody battles, such as that for minimum wages (for "citizens"), or for the right of Black people to vote (on who the next dictator is).  The true democracy of the first "Americans" meant that everyone had a say in everything that affected them. That's democracy. Anything that would mess up your life you got a say in. Which is only right, IMO.
Nonsense. The US has yet to become a democracy. In any case, the republic-style government (democracy of the elite) replicates ancient Athenian government very closely, and is a very twisted take on the Haudenaushonee (6 Nations- Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Seneca, Cayuga, Tuscarora), who were an actual democracy thousands of years before European invasion.  Possibly that the US was not supposed to be, and is not a democracy? In any case, the rulers were not "common", neither were the people "free".  What about the 'we the people' business?     If you want more modern examples... I am aware that Switzerland was a Republic before you, and they are a confederation.
What about the 'we the people' business?  Well, the literal translation would be something more like "us and our friends".  You can't make much of a democracy from land stolen from an enslaved nation. It doesn't exactly lead to democracy usually.
I don't think you'll ever find a perfect society.  I am not essentially anti-USA, but I might seem to be because I am against hypocricy... and right now, republic or democracy you'r pretty much up to your ears in it with Iraq.  If someone said at the beginning of this thread that capitalism does suck, then I guess you wouldn't have to look to much further than this war for oil.
War for oil... please. emoticon_rolleyes
War for oil... please.  I know, Broker, it's just shameful. What an absurd thing to bomb people over. Can you believe people actually volunteer to put their lives on the line to fatten Bush and his friends' wallets?  How absurd.
I know, Broker, it's just shameful. What an absurd thing to bomb people over. Can you believe people actually volunteer to put their lives on the line to fatten Bush and his friends' wallets?  How absurd.  I believe that when you 'volunteer' to join the armed forces you're saying "Send me where ever, and I'll go"  It's not a debating society where they poll the soldiers which war they'd like to be involved in.  But yes, it's part of the "American Way". To be anti-war is deemed to be un-American.
I guess you wouldn't have to look to much further than this war for oil.  War for oil? What are we getting from Iraq's oil? Absolutely nothing. The money from the sale of Iraq's oil goes to the United Nations trust fund designated for the rebuilding of Iraq.
And according to that newest Iraq resolution Kofi Annan gets to decide who gets the contracts in Iraq.
The War for Oil....  "Oil is a consideration for nations considering joining in the fight if the United States goes to war in the Persian Gulf, because the day after Saddam is removed, the Iraqi oil industry is up for grabs.Of all of the reasons offered for removing Saddam, from terrorism to terrible weapons, oil is seldom mentioned. Yet critical to the American agenda is the fear an Iraq armed with nuclear weapons could dominated, or hold hostage a region through which flows an estimated 30 percent of the world's oil and natural gas" http://abcnews.go.com/sections/business/Nightline/NTL_oil_iraq_021004.html  http://www.spgb.org.uk/Iraq2.htm  http://www.thirdway.org/files/articles/iraqoil.html
Why don't you take a position and aruge it instead of linking around? I don't know what you're trying to say with those web sites... give something specific to argue.
Why don't you take a position and aruge it instead of linking around? I don't know what you're trying to say with those web sites... give something specific to argue.  I thought I did... that the USA went into Iraq for the oil. And somone else posted that they'd never heard such a thing. So, rather than just leave it on my own word... I linked a couple of sites that have ellaborated the argument.  But I repeat it here today, that the USA didn't go into to Iraq to 'liberate' Iraq. It was the oil you wanted. You couldn't get what you wanted because Iraq's economy was about to go bust from the Iran/Iraq war.  Over the years USA has interferred in Iraq, helping establish Sadaam (even before Iran posed a 'threat'). Iraq was part of CENTO, (the Central Treaty Organization), almost like NATO, but for the middle-east.  USA didn't care that he poisoned the Kurds, or minority groups in the south.  USA gave the greenlight for Iraq to invade Kuwait in the first place! http://www.chss.montclair.edu/english/furr/glaspie.html and http://www.rationalrevolution.net/invasion_of_kuwait.htm
We didn't help establish Saddam. The CIA assited in a coup that put his uncle into power. The CIA didn't help Saddam overthrow his uncle.  Actually, the US could just vote to end sanctions on iraq in the Security Council... we were the only ones stopping it. Supply wasn't an issue. It's absurd to say that we'll spend $200 billion in Iraq, and have our industry pay for $15 billion in oil infrastructure improvements... think of how absurd that is. The US cannot profit from Iraqi oil revenues, according to the resolution that gives us recognition in Iraq, which I have seen no one show that we've violated. Kofi Annan, under that same resolution, gets the final decisions as per who gets the oil contracts. Profit isn't the issue. What is the issue?  CENTO was created in 1954. emoticon_rolleyes It was barely alive when it was done away with completely in 1979.  Actually, one year after that we stopped our military support (which was already very, very, very small in the first place).  Please. Nothing more than conspiracy theories and spin on facts. We gave the go ahead for the invasion to spend billions of dollars when the economy was shaky and lost a few hundred men?
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.  I think you are probably right.
best way to create jobs has always been to go to war.  Or at least eliminate some of the competition from the workforce.  (A bit callous I know.) War has historically assisted the economy although not completely. How many outstanding WWII debts are there? I believe only finland has repaid in full.
I think I posted this at another point on this thread but..............  The systems listed in the poll are not government systems but economic systems.
We didn't help establish Saddam. The CIA assited in a coup that put his uncle into power. The CIA didn't help Saddam overthrow his uncle.   Iraq has been cursed with unstable governments for half a century thanks to our policies. I would expect the people of Iraq to favor a Islamic State with strict Islamic Laws. This has been successful in Africa for restoring order. What a shame.  http://lists.econ.utah.edu/pipermail/rad-green/2003-April/008294.html   ...He regards Saddam as a deposed U.S. client in the mold of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos and former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega.  "We climb into bed with these people without really knowing anything about their politics," Morris said in an interview from Seattle where he is working on his book. "It's not unusual, of course, in American policy. We tire of these people, and we find reasons to shed them." ....  But even if the United States played no role in the rise of Iraq's Baath Party, experts say Washington has obviously had to confront unintended consequences of former U.S. policies -- including those of Bush's father, President George Bush, a former CIA director.  "There are always some unintended consequences. There were unintended consequences in World War One that brought the rise of Hitler," said Helmut Sonnenfeldt, guest scholar in foreign policy studies at the Brookings Institution and former NSC staffer.  The United States and other Western powers supported Saddam's regime during the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war, even after the Baghdad government used chemical weapons to kill thousands of Kurdish villagers in Halabja. ....
OK, you ask I answer. Before I get into a big debate with you I will ask YOU to define the two options presented. After reading those I will formulate my responce.
Falling,  You assume quite a bit about me! I asked the question out of pure curiosity. I did not, and do not, look to start a debate about capitalism and socialism in this thread. I wanted to know what you defined communism and socialism to be so that I knew where we were headed.  I will say that socialism is certainly better than communism. Look at the communist countries. The former USSR, Red China, former Germany, and others. None of them have a good record of immigration into thier countries, and all were known for their oppression of the people. One of the best illustrations of what communism does to a nation is seen in the Stalin regime.
Beware there Broker. I think I hear the capitalist argument starting. Falling has already said that he wants to avoid that debate in this forum. I don't think anyone would disagree that communism is worse than socialism. Would this be a correct assumption?
I haven't really payed much attention to this whole debate. Honestly I've only read the last few posts, but since I see some stuff about salaries and classes and such I figure I'll throw my two cents worth in. It's true, business execs earn $200,000; some much more, some less. But what about the folks who built the office building, for example. My bet goes that they work slightly harder than any business exec. I'd say that job is more physically and mentally demanding in its own respect. Take teachers for another example. We all know they are underpaid for the work they do. Business execs as well as street sweepers keep this country running on a day to day basis, but for some reason only one of the two ends up struggling. Who really needs $200,000 a year to live? Its awesome to have nice things, but there are only so many nice things you can buy before it turns into obsession, or just plain and simple greed. Plus, i hope this doesn't offend anyone, but business execs aren't worth that much more than street sweepers, or janitors.  Again, I don't know if that has anything to do with the current topic. That just seemed like the direction it was heading in.
There is now another thread to do the Capitialism v. Socialism debate. See you there! :D
I have lived the life of the small business starter. I went broke to start my own business and now I am making enough money to live something like comfortable. Why should I pay your hospital bill with the money I worked my backside off to earn? (Maybe this debate should be moved into the capitialism thread...hint, hint.)
Socialism takes about 85% taxes so they can give medcare that bites. communism, the govt. owns everthing. They LET you work THERE businesses and LET you get little money you get. I HATE both of them.
I want to comment on the original question.  According to Karl Marx socialism is stepping stone to reach the perfect - communism.  Large govt control forcing all to cooperate so that when people did cooperate large govt could disapear and the people live in communism.  Well that was at least the theory Marx came up with.
Karl Marx did not want the government to oppress the people either.  He did not like government. What he wanted is that people live in a community in which everyone is perfect.  But socialism in his view was the stage in which the few evil nonconformists would be weeded out or shown the "truth."
Right and that why the socialistic - communistic theories of Karl Marx are ridiculous.
I spoke a bit to broad.  I also agree with some welfare.  Such as the ones you pointed out.
You'd be good at the Pres debates! lol
You and I both agree on the subject, so I guess we'll just have to wait for fallingupwards! (Unless he's to scared to debate with us.):)
Does society have an obligation to help the wellbeing of its own members, or is it every man for themselves? I would hold that as we are a "society" we have to be concerned with the social part of it, and work to help everyone, rather than select, even talented, individuals or packs.
Sure, but unfortunantly too few joe blows are willing to give up money for the amount of billy boys there are, and its impossible to match up the willing joe blows with needy billy boys on a large scale, and often the joe blows who can afford to give (assuming they are willing) are not in contact with the billy boys who need the gift. If people, as a whole, were as altruistic and kind as you purport, government would be unnecessary, and we'd naturally become rather utopian in a pseudo communist sort of way. But we aren't that kind, thus the need for government mandate.
You missed the whole point of my story. I was not disgusted at the poor people I was disgusted at the government under a socialist mindset. I love poor people, heck I was one for a while (and really kinda still am).  Oh, you have a problem with Socialism? Is that so?
PLEASE JUST SHUT UP WITH THIS DEBATE!!!! EVERYTIME I COME TO THE GOVT. SECTION THIS IS WHATS ON IT!!!!!!
I guess they are all scared of you?  keep up the good work.
Risk is relative.  Most rich people have rich parents, who either give them money directly or promise an inheritance. Therefore, there isn't much risk in them squandering any amount of money on a bad deal.  Conversely, if a poorer person works all the way through school to get a teaching job, they have a lot more at risk. If they fail as a teacher they have no other options- one degree, one career. If they get fired or laid off, they won't have been able to save much to fund them looking for another job.
Social security is perfect example of runway state institution. Anyone who is under 30 years old right now is being scamed by the government.   The social security contract is that the citizens pay into the system. The state will manage your money for the duration of your working career. Then when you retire the government will take care of you by returning the funds you paid into it. Textbook socialist institution, where the govenment will take responsibility of your money, then responsiblity of you when you retire.  The scam is that anyone under 30, will have no funds waiting for them in the system 30 years form now. Due to the demograpics, the baby boomers are eating up all the social security funds. Those of us under 30 will not have enough younger workers around to support us, they way we support the baby boomers.
the only reason why the younger generations may not receive social security benefits is because republicans like George W keep cutting taxes. for some odd reason, republicans LOVE deficits and hate surpluses. dont ask me why. we had a surplus every year from 1998 to 2000 and then all of a sudden our friendly president george decides to enact a multi-trillion dollar tax-cut and we are in a deficit. way to go george. there went our surplus.  i'm sure every old person from the time of FDR to the present was very pleased to receive their social security check when they turned 66 years old. if we dont continue running on a deficit, then our generation will receive a check too. and who knows, you might really really NEED it. many old people use it to help pay for their prescriptions. its easy to condemn social security when you're young, but just you wait until retirement age.  if people continue to vote republican and we continue to have a budget deficit, then hopefully when we reach retirement age, the younger generation will pay for the checks that we receive. our generation is not nearly as large as the baby boomers either.
Originally posted by fallingupwards    i'm sure every old person from the time of FDR to the present was very pleased to receive their social security check when they turned 66 years old. if we dont continue running on a deficit, then our generation will receive a check too. and who knows, you might really really NEED it. many old people use it to help pay for their prescriptions. its easy to condemn social security when you're young, but just you wait until retirement age.    When FDR started social security he was betting that most americans would not be around to collect. The average life span at the time was below 66 years. Since then americans have been insulting the state and disrupting it's plans by not dying young enough.
Falling you propose to increase my taxes. Well then why don't just knock on my door and take the money out of my wallet. That is in effect what your propose.  Example:  (knock knock) Hello my name is Falling. I am here to help the poor. I am here to take your money.  At this point I start shooting and call 911 to arrest a thief.  VS.  (knock knock) Hello my name is Falling. I am here to help the poor. Can you help me?  At this point I decide if I want to. If I decide the cause is worthy I do.
i said that the reason why social security is in trouble is because taxes are being cut. we dont need to increase taxes to support social security. just dont run a deficit, and you will be fine.
Social security has been in trouble before GW was in office. This problem cuts across political parties.  If social security left me alone, I would do a better job of taking care of my own retirement.  In any case it is a broken institution. It is floundering now, in a few more years in will be completely dead broke. How do you fix it?  You can't. It has become a 2000 lb gorilla with a mind of it's own. Perfect example of what happens when government gets big. Give the government a little bit of authority and they don't give it back.
republicans have been spending money that has been reserved for social security for decades. dont you remember the 2000 election? al gore said he wanted to keep social security in a "lockbox" and not touch it. democrats want to leave the money alone, republicans want to spend it and give out tax cuts. common sense tells us that if you cut taxes AND spend money, there will be a deficit. why do republicans like deficits???  the next thing i say might be stretching it a little, but maybe its not too far off. i would not be surprised if republicans and conservatives WANT social security to be a failure. yes, you heard me right...they WANT it to fail. why? because if it works, then that is a score for big government. republicans spend money and make huge tax cuts in order to run a budget deficit. you cannot have your cake and eat it too. republicans seem to think you can. they live in a fantasy world.  even alan greenspan knows what the republicans are doing. i never would have guessed in a million years that greenspan would agree with the democrats. but he does now!! george w proposed another multi-trillion tax cut, despite the fact that we have a budget deficit!! greenspan said that this is a HUGE mistake and that cutting taxes during a deficit will take even more money from social security. i used to not like greenspan, but i respect him now. he is not blind to what the republicans are trying to do. he knows that huge tax cuts will increase the deficit and will take away from social security.
Hold it right there, Falling! We Republicans, with our huge taxes, have this habit of doubling Federal revenues. JFK was not a Republican, but he and Reagan had the right idea, and I think George does too. I think our governemnt should not ahvea surplus. If it does, too much of our money is being taken.   Social security is already a huge mess, and in California alone they are losing BILLIONS to fraud. It is time to reform our systems. This is why I like private investment accounts...
ok broker, if you dont like surpluses and if you like deficits then thats fine. but you and ur republican friends better be ready to accept responsibility if our generation does not get social security. democrats, for some odd reason:), dont like budget deficits. so its not our fault.   like i said, republicans do not want social security to work. they want it to fail. and they will do everything they can to make sure it does.
Our generation will hopefully be able to privatize social security. We only get back about 70% of what we pay in anyway. We are in wartime and just made a huge government shuffle. Now is the time to expect deficits...   Your last accusation is absurd.
I can not speak for the Republican party, but   suplus = taxation without representation  Another example:  (knock knock) I'm from the government, I am here to help. I have enough money, but give me more.  I do belive the GW tax cut is a farce. Not because it is a tax cut, but because it a tax cut on capital gains. Who made any real gains this year on the stock market? GW is flambozling tax payers, by make it sound like he really is helping people. I am willing to accept the idea that a tax cut at this moment is not a great idea, but if the government has enough it should not take anymore.  Greenspan? That is a Regan appointee...... Hmmm?
i know, doesnt that sound uncharacteristic for a reagan appointee? no tax cuts during a deficit? very un-reagan like
Consumers keep the economy going...giving them more money makes them spend.
Back to Social Security. First of all, there is no money in the fund, due to some leaders' 'brilliant' plan to use it to balance the deficit. Second, at the rate of the aging population, SS is in for a bumpy ride. Right now, 6-7 people support 1 retired person with SS. In about 20 years (don't remember exact #) it will be about 2 people for every retired person. Now that's going to be a big chunk of that pay check. And we won't even benifit for the $$ we're paying. Also, with SS, our generation (speaking for 14-24 year olds here) will be paying for the baby boomers. They, quite frankly, are a rather spoiled lot, if you don't mind me saying so. We'll be paying for everything. How are we going to support or families? More government $$? Where exactly is it going to come from?
Social Security should be an option. The government has no right to tell you what to do. Period.   Also, the government has no right to take 30% of your paycheck (income tax).
This is why I support private retirement accounts... if you start at 18 and retire at 62, you're going to have a lot of money whether you put it in stocks, bonds, or mutual funds. In the end, stocks always go up... usually by large margins. Even in some go sour... automatic sell orders, etc. The old system should still always be an option though.  You make good money when they're taking 30%... I would say they do have the right. That'd be over $150,000 income at least...
Yep... he's a socialist. And those protests are being put together by communists. You must be very angry...
there was a study on socialism done some 5 years ago; these scientists traveled the world to study the effects of socialism on society and other things relating to socialism.  a foreign embassador from the study (not sure what country) was at his last stop, the united states. after he finished he walked up to a congressman and stated that washington dc was the most socialist city in the world.  is demoracy a disguse?
Socialist systems or socialist behaviors?
systems mostlikely.
How so?
i can't recall where i saw this, all i know is that it was located inside of one of my dad's magazines... i will search his masive library for the article if you wish.
Protesting for Terrorism? Nah...protesting against that idiotic Dubya who says ticket counters fly out of airports. By the way, I believe Marx had good intentions, but the system just doesnt work.
pure communism and pure anarchy cannot exist... ever.
pure communism and pure anarchy cannot exist... ever.  Very true. Alos, I don't think pure democracy can ever succesfully exist either. All of you seem to be much more politically adept than I am, so someone please explain to me the difference between communism and socialism. I would be most grateful  "Pinko commies!" Sorry. That just seemed like Stormin's kind of quote.
pure democracy is IMPOSSIBLE  Except in small groups.
With that invention called the internet... it makes things like that a lot closer to being functional.
i stated this elswhere in the forum... don't remember where.  the u.n. was doing a world study of something that i don't remember, but it involved going to every capital city in the world. when it came time to visit washington d.c. (which was one of the last in the study) a russian, i believe, in the study, told a congressman that washington d.c. was the most socialist cities in the world.  sorry, i'm rust on explaining that story... most escapes me.
last time i explained this, i told everyone i would try and find the article... i have yet to find it. i will continue looking though. i believe it was in a magazine of mine. i didn't just pull this out of my XXX, i'm positive.
To an extent, there are in the early church, signs of communal ownership. The Book of Acts shows where money was pooled, and dished out by church officials on a needs basis.  Christ said "Blessed are the meek". Christ over-threw the money tables in the temple. Christ said the love of money is the root of all evil.  Christ said that we should feed the starving, visit the imprisoned, in general, to look after those in need.  Many people have tried to marry Christ's message to Communism.  Some points of difference exist. These are important. One being Christianity is actually more concerned about welfare in the next life. Communism makes claim only to the here and now.  Furthermore, Marxist communism is fairly atheistic. It believes that man is perfectible; that through class struggle we can obtain an earthly (worker's) paradise. Christianity says that man is a sinner, and can never, through his own efforts, achieve perfection.  As well...Christ frequently stopped his missionary work. He stopped tending to the poor, to go to pray. He did this because our ultimate goal is to be close to God. Trying to become more like God can manifest itself in doing good works, but the works themselves are not the ends.  I am politically left-wing. I believe that this is more 'Christ-like'. I have many difficulties though with my fellow left-wingers; mainly on issues of morality. Although I am tolerant (insofar as I don't advocate violence), I am not in that I will tell people that I believe that they are wrong.  Is it possible to be left-wing and Christian? Most 'Christians' seem to be politically right-wing.
To an extent, there are in the early church, signs of communal ownership. The Book of Acts shows where money was pooled, and dished out by church officials on a needs basis.  Christ said "Blessed are the meek". Christ over-threw the money tables in the temple. Christ said the love of money is the root of all evil.  Christ said that we should feed the starving, visit the imprisoned, in general, to look after those in need.  Many people have tried to marry Christ's message to Communism.  Some points of difference exist. These are important. One being Christianity is actually more concerned about welfare in the next life. Communism makes claim only to the here and now.  Furthermore, Marxist communism is fairly atheistic. It believes that man is perfectible; that through class struggle we can obtain an earthly (worker's) paradise. Christianity says that man is a sinner, and can never, through his own efforts, achieve perfection.  As well...Christ frequently stopped his missionary work. He stopped tending to the poor, to go to pray. He did this because our ultimate goal is to be close to God. Trying to become more like God can manifest itself in doing good works, but the works themselves are not the ends.  I am politically left-wing. I believe that this is more 'Christ-like'. I have many difficulties though with my fellow left-wingers; mainly on issues of morality. Although I am tolerant (insofar as I don't advocate violence), I am not in that I will tell people that I believe that they are wrong.  Is it possible to be left-wing and Christian? Most 'Christians' seem to be politically right-wing.   The perfect governmet for christians is theocracy. None exist anymore. This paralels communism but the chair person in communism becomes dictator, and the chair person in a theocracy is God. God through his preist governs the land and the disrubution of goods.
The perfect governmet for christians is theocracy. None exist anymore. This paralels communism but the chair person in communism becomes dictator, and the chair person in a theocracy is God. God through his preist governs the land and the disrubution of goods.  I don't mean to be pedantic. I believe that the most perfectable government for Christians would be theocracy.  As a Christian I understand that any government formed by man can never be perfect. Therefore even a theocracy is liable to have imperfection.  I do believe such a system is preferrable.  However at the end of the day; and this is why I'm not on protests all the time; the task for a Christian is to be closer to Christ. Some of this involves prayer and separation from the world.  This is why I think Christianity and Communism will always be divergent - their goals are too far apart.
A theocracy could use economic communism by controlling all the means of production in the nation.
A theocracy could use economic communism by controlling all the means of production in the nation.  This is very true.  I was wondering too when starting this post why it is that there seems to be a huge hatred between both camps.  I see a lot of born-again Christians who suck up to right-wing politicians who themselves are against social justice issues.  I guess I started this post in an attempt to raise discussion to show that left-wing politics are more Christian - with regards to life here on earth (although in the end their ultimate aims are different)
Liberation theology. They're christian communists.
Sure I guess in the end you can say 'yes' you can be Christian and Communist.  I guess I worded by questions incorrectly. I might have said "What are the difficulties that arise in reconcilling these two philosophies"  The major differences I find are a) the nature of man b) the desired ends   With a) Most communists seem to think that a perfectable society can come about. Most Christiasns seem to believe that such a spciety is impossible; owing to the fact that we are imperfectable (without God), ourselves  With b) Most communists look no further than an earthly goald Most Christians look to a goal not in this life but the next.   But what I would also like to know is why does it seem to be much easier to marry Christianity to conservative politicians?  I believe Christ came to upset the apple cart.
Hello everyone,  I am not an american, and I'm in a middle of discussion here about American democracy. It is believed that America is an example of democracy, human rights and freedoms. It is believed that American constitution is one of the most democratic. Is this true for in the 21st century? I know it started this way, but what is it like now? Is it still the same, or is it just an image, an appearance of democracy, but inside it's really not?   What do you think?
Hello everyone,  I am not an american, and I'm in a middle of discussion here about American democracy. It is believed that America is an example of democracy, human rights and freedoms. It is believed that American constitution is one of the most democratic. Is this true for in the 21st century? I know it started this way, but what is it like now? Is it still the same, or is it just an image, an appearance of democracy, but inside it's really not?   What do you think?  It all depends on how you view democracy. Its very, very hard to compare actual level of democracy when none seem to agree on what "rule of the people" actually means in practice..
OKay, here are some definitions. 1 a  : government by the people; especially : rule of the majority b : a government in which the supreme power is vested in the people and exercised by them directly or indirectly through a system of representation usually involving periodically held free elections 2 : a political unit that has a democratic government 3 capitalized : the principles and policies of the Democratic party in the U.S. 4  : the common people especially when constituting the source of political authority 5  : the absence of hereditary or arbitrary class distinctions or privileges  source: www.m-w.com
Democracy is just mob rule by ballot. Mobocracy. Rule by the lowest common denominator. It is of course better than Totalitarianism but has been called an elective dictatorship. Dumbed down masses and people easily swayed by liberal rhetoric assures that very rarely do intelligent policies prevail.  Politicians prey on the public's gullibility and greed, invariably using taxpayers money to buy votes. Ideally there would be two planets. One for those who believe in big governement and one for those who support Capitalism as the two are mutually exclusive and there can be no reconciliation between them, only friction. Liberals cannot be reasoned with as this fora and all others so clearly illustrates. In fact liberalism is exposed as a mental illness, a malignant cancer on the body politic. Socialists and liberals need the Capitalist system to parasite off, but Capitalism does not need Socialism.  The governemnt that is big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take away everything you've got - and is in the process of doing just that.  A perfect example of the insanity of liberals is the anti war so called peace protests going on around the globe today. People are marching with Che Guevara posters, placards of Marx, the far left organise such marches and exploit our free society to undermine it. Terrorists exploit our freedoms to wage war against us. Many such terrorists are in London right now plotting the downfall of the West (whilst living off our insane welfare system) and the liberals are their useful XXXXXX, the so called intellectual foot soldiers who used to support the tyrannical Soviet system 20 years ago and are clearly still pining for it.  So I don't hold out any hope for our Democracy. It should be replaced by a free market Capitalist system,which upholds individual rights, with limited government shorn of its Socialist infrastructure. However MR Ukraine, I rather suspect that is not the answer you were looking for.
Monarchy; single ruler Oligarchy: rule by a select few Democracy: government by the people  The USA is republic (a form of democracy). Nowhere in our constitution will you find the word &#8220;democracy&#8221;. What we have is considered a democratic form of government, but is not a true democracy. There are safeties in place, such as the electoral college, to prevent "mob rule".  Our pledge of allegiance is, &#8220;I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic  for which it stands,&#8230;for all.&#8221;
However MR Ukraine, I rather suspect that is not the answer you were looking for. Nick, I am not looking for the specific answer, neither I have a correct answer. I just want to hear your opinions. See, we arguing are not americans. And it's not objective if we judge it upon our own presuppositions. Therefore I asked you. Actually, you had a profound answer. Kind of bitter, but I'm not going to judge your answers. Thanks for posting it. I am not even going to argue with any answers because I don't think I know enough to argue about american democracy.  Our pledge of allegiance is, &#8220;I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands,&#8230;for all.&#8221; Well see, "democracy" is not a form of government. So you can't pledge allegiance to something that's not government (a particular form of government).
Persoanlly, I think that America was at one time a lot more democratic than it is now. I think that the evolution of a two party system and large scale involvement of special interests in our political system has done great damage to democracy in AMerica.
...  Well see, "democracy" is not a form of government. So you can't pledge allegiance to something that's not government (a particular form of government).  As I listed in my first post on this thread, there are three forms of government, one of which is democracy. The USA is a democratic republic, a form of democracy wherein mob rule is prevented by certain measures that preclude "majority rule by votes" for some issues.  For example, bills in the House and Senate are subject to majority rule votes. In the Senate there are 100 senators, presided over by the Vice President. Should the senators which a 50/50 stalemate on any issue, the VP casts the deciding vote. This is an example of majority rule.  In the case of a constitutional amendment, 2/3 of the states must ratify it.  In the case of trial by jury, there are usually 12 jurors, ALL of which must vote the same in order to determine guilt or nonguilt.  And yes, our pledge of allegiance is to the flag AND the republic. The republic is most definitely a form of government. It is a form of government wherein the people govern themselves, therefore classified as a democracy.   Remember, there are only three forms of government. There are subforms within each of these three.
How does less regulation increase then number of companies?   Without strong regulation, what is stopping a company from simply stomping competitors out of the market and achieving government hands off monopoly?   Large corporations are essentially are a antithesistical system to capitalism. Companies such as walmart, Microsoft, Standard Oil and others have all sought to knock out competition by almost any means possible. Walmart practices a nasty form of competition removal by drastically lowering prices to decimate every competitor for 5 miles before jacking the prices up significently. I don't think anyone needs a lesson in how Microsoft operates. SO was notorious for buying out, illegally often, competitors.   Lots of regulation is obviously bad for captialism, but so is little regulation, it appears like everything in this world, that moderation must be achieved for a happy existance.
I don't think I asserted this, and I wouldn't say regulations...perhaps taxes.  You didn't. theLIBERTARIAN did.     Is this something you have seen before or is it something you believe will happen?   Alcoa, I believe, once had a fairly big share of the metal market, but there was always a competitor out there keeping Alcoa busy. Again, I can't, and I won't fight for copyright companies/issues.  Alcoa has been getting it's butt kicked not because of metal, but because of Glass and to a lesser degree Plastic (which is pretty funny in my opinion, considering they are cleaner indusries and Alcoa uses some pretty nasty process) Standard Oil has done what I said and Walmart tpyically resorts to methods that essentially stomp out all competition.    I don't see a capitalism definition as isolating to 'large corporations'.  Large corporations I see are those who actively attempt to keep competition low. Capitalism I see is the notion of a free market, where it is easy for compeititon to arise, and a large number of competitiors exist in a certain market.    Many businesses do this, I think it's just a matter of competition. If they all just had the same prices, then they wouldn't compete.  Such as? I haven't heard of any other business that artifically lowers it's prices, even to the point where it is taking a substantially loss, to get rid of all compeitition then raising prices drastically. Their ability to absorb losses better then mom and pop allows them to dumb products at abnornmally low prices.   [qupte] I don't agree with Microsofts right to an idea. Although you can quote that as a negation to regulation in my books.[/quote]  Such as patenting "Window?"   I don't like vague ideals, as they are often dangerous. If they can be defined and looked at they can be proven and supported. I'd much rather hold the skeptical view, which is force is unneccessary.  What forms of regulation do you support?
I will say, I don't typically venture into the evils of business. Your thoughts are always welcomed.  Well, there is a first for everything.    Well, see here's where I'm sure you understand the practical nature of all this. I got to say that corporations are generally needed in the economy, just for the reason that many industries/people depend on a highly productive/financed business. Many small business fall short of our current paradigm.  I don't have a problem with the idea of a corporation, but many modern corporations have systems that are dubious in the realm of ethics. However, many are very clean, such as Costco. Heck they opened a gas station that was a 5-10 cents cheaper and none of the gas stations around have gone out of business, and that was a 18 months ago! Now, walmart opened up a store in my state and within several months virtually every smaller store that competed with them went out of business because of their activities in a 5 mile radius. The idea of a corporation is not inherently bad, it is their activites in terms of competition that warrant the evil/good labels. Yes, most small businesses fail, but that doesn't mean that small business is a bad idea. For at least half of America's history, the country was dominated by small business.    It's like Jefferson saying farming should be the primary nature of America, it just isn't that simple. But yeah, many corporations want to get rid of competition.  Life is never that simple, but it would be interesting to see most large corporations embrace true capitalism.    Hell, my buddy sells furniture from China to contractors, and it's cheaper then chips. *overemphasis* This guy will out sell anyone around here, and it shows in pocketbook. He plans to run a bank in the next 20 years. I'm sure he will.  That is a truer capitalism then big business runs.    Although I will note that many of the advantages he holds is by virtue of the Chinese government...even though I might conceive them as vices.  ahhahaha. That's pretty funny.    You got it.  Thank someone for the rationality of the courts. It's bad enough that Trump wanted to patent "you're fired," and the hoax of Metallica wanting to patent the key "G," but c'mon what is wrong with this system?    On business in general:  *Regulations on nucleur facilities/possible military weapons systems. Just to make sure they're not used for ill-purposes domestically.  Alright. Sounds reasonable.    *A general regulation that forbids any 'forced' labor on children. I believe they should be able to work, I just don't think they should be forced. I just don't think of children as slaves. I'm sure most of you will agree.  Hmmm. Forced as in? Family needs the money, so the kid has to work? Or completely voluntary?    *All 'objective' harm to the enviroment e.g oil spills as theLibertarian was referring to.  Most rational people won't disagree with this one.   *Absolutely no government subsidies in the private sector or laws favoring business enterprises. Ain't that a kicker for regulations. Is this one? hmmm  How about for education? I don't have problems with government research funds to universities, private or public, considering that we need the research they are doing, even if it is run like a business. That's probably the only exception to the subsidaries I can think of.
They could always chose to stay with the small shops.  What is amazing, and incredibly saddening is that price is more important than anything else. Wal-mart has used Chinese prison slave labor, child sweat shops, sexist policies, and other very dubious acts, but people still choose them over more ethical competition because of price. Morals and ethics are chump change when it comes to low prices.    Give technology a little more time, and you might see something special.  We'll see.  As in the kid does it voluntarily.  That would be hard to prove though. A kid could simply lie to you out of fear.   Then again, I don't think that's conceivable if not pooled into the general funds;  It's not. Education, from K-12 and higher is incredibly expensive. Most private schools and universities live on the donations of their alumni. My private highschool was short $2,000 after tuition. $60 million short every year.
 Eminent Domain is the Constitution, and is a method for the state to take land and use it for their purposes. I don't mind that usually, but many times the cities will use this authority to take land (usually from the smaller business person) and give it to Costco.  Many cities have taken it a step further. Cities have enacted legislation that permits the creation of Redevelopment Agencies. These agencies typically take land (the pay fair market value or more of course) and sell it to a larger corporation. I have yet to see these agencies take land from a Large Corporation like Costco and give it to the small companies.    Our city just settled an eminent domain lawsuit (in favor of the original land owner) that was seven years old. There are three other lawsuits pending on the same issue, property valuation. Redevelopment agencies actually have the ability to pay assessed value for property condemned under eminent domain legislation, disregarding market prices 'for the good of the community'. When the property owner files a lawsuit to recover the difference between assessed and market value (the assessed valuation can't be accepted by the property owner as it constitues acceptance of the terms), the public agency merely uses its deep pockets to drag it out until the property owner is financially ruined and settles for peanuts. The old adage of 'You can't fight city hall' has become even more of a truism now that they have virtually unlimited empowerment to take private property and ruin the property owner in the process.
 Maybe we should do a pole and find out what kind of cars everyone drives. I have a large Ford Diesel truck, a Dodge Full Size Van and a Saturn.  We have a German family car, I drive a Japanese p/u truck and have three much older American hobby trucks. I haven't purchased a US marque vehicle in many, many years, primarily due to low quality and poor resale value. I buy for quality and find few American made products that measure up to imports, as US companies cut quality in attempts to make up the difference in labor/benefits/compliance in cost of goods. As an example, Chinese bearings are now the world standard. If you want a US made bearing, it has to be special ordered and costs double the imported product. I find that typical in most product lines. We now live in a world economy.   I wouldn't be quite so harsh on emerging industrial nations. Considering that it hasn't been all that long ago that we used children for manufacturing labor and women had no legal rights added to the fact that it was only 40-years when ago we segregated our public schools, it does sound a little righteous.
ps: The prisons in our state now compete with private industry in everything from body work to graphics and printing. Using prison labor paid pennies per hour.
If it makes you feel better, I don't shop with them. Probably because I don't have one around, but I guess you can say I'm not much of a consumer...I don't believe it's the 'American way'.  Consumerism is quite disturbing. Ethics and morals all go out the window when the right price comes around.    Well, your thinking with a given market of a few. Public school is monopoly, and the price is way out of line according to the real demand. I'm quite sure that it would adjust accordingly...hell, if one could afford a computer, then one can afford an education via online.  Public school isn't a real monopoly. You don't HAVE to go to public school, you can be homeschooled as well as private.   Education online? For elementary students? Is that such a good idea?
Even libertarians must keep in mind the existence of natural monopolies, that is, monopolies such as power plants, roads, etc. that can not be efficient and competitive at the same time. I personally believe that these monopolies should be state-owned, and these should be the only state-owned businesses, and the private sector should encompass all that is competitive.
Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   A common misconception is that less taxes means more jobs. This is wrong, because the government creates jobs to. Every tax dollar goes towards creating jobs in one way or another. Some of it creates jobs directly (teachers, policeman, etc), and some of it goes back into the private economy via government contracts.   If a country has to much socialism, then the country goes into a steady decline. However if the country has to much capitolism, then it inevitably goes into a depression. Therefore you cant have to much of eithier one. The US economy is bending a bit more towards capitolism then socialism, and as a result, our economy is instable. It traditionally has had high booms, and low recessions (outsourcing may mean the age of booms is over). A fairly socialist country like Canada however, has a very level economy.  The reasons for this are: Socialism ensures that the economy will always have a core spending population. This assists the private economy by making sure that there will always be steady number of consumers, but it also saps the private economy at the same time because of its steep taxation. In Canada, this socialism has made sure that the economy is almost always ok (as opposed to good or bad).  Capitolism however, allows most of the economy to go into private industry. Private industry is always a risky thing, so therefore it goes up and down.   In a dollar to dollar ratio, Socialism is far more effective at creating jobs because:  There is no outsourcing, and there isnt a bunch of executives (and stock holders) at the top soaking up vast amounts of the companys income for personal use.   I would argue that a stable ok economy (that has little or no unemployment), is better then a floppy instable economy like ours.
Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   A common misconception is that less taxes means more jobs. This is wrong, because the government creates jobs to. Every tax dollar goes towards creating jobs in one way or another. Some of it creates jobs directly (teachers, policeman, etc), and some of it goes back into the private economy via government contracts.   If a country has to much socialism, then the country goes into a steady decline. However if the country has to much capitolism, then it inevitably goes into a depression. Therefore you cant have to much of eithier one. The US economy is bending a bit more towards capitolism then socialism, and as a result, our economy is instable. It traditionally has had high booms, and low recessions (outsourcing may mean the age of booms is over). A fairly socialist country like Canada however, has a very level economy.  The reasons for this are: Socialism ensures that the economy will always have a core spending population. This assists the private economy by making sure that there will always be steady number of consumers, but it also saps the private economy at the same time because of its steep taxation. In Canada, this socialism has made sure that the economy is almost always ok (as opposed to good or bad).  Capitolism however, allows most of the economy to go into private industry. Private industry is always a risky thing, so therefore it goes up and down.   In a dollar to dollar ratio, Socialism is far more effective at creating jobs because:  There is no outsourcing, and there isnt a bunch of executives (and stock holders) at the top soaking up vast amounts of the companys income for personal use.   I would argue that a stable ok economy (that has little or no unemployment), is better then a floppy instable economy like ours.  I don't think our economy is a good example of anything when abnormal military expenditures and excessive public debt are mixed into the definition.
I don't think our economy is a good example of anything when abnormal military expenditures and excessive public debt are mixed into the definition.  In the way I was phraseing, I meant that it was a good example of what happens when you practise a certain economic stradegy. This does not in anyway mean, that I think it is a good economy. If we are to interpret a good economy merely by its wealth, then we have the best economy in the world. However, if we are to interpret a good economy by the prosperity of the people who live in it, were are only mediocore (a great deal of our wealth is absorbed by the upper class).
In the way I was phraseing, I meant that it was a good example of what happens when you practise a certain economic stradegy. This does not in anyway mean, that I think it is a good economy. If we are to interpret a good economy merely by its wealth, then we have the best economy in the world. However, if we are to interpret a good economy by the prosperity of the people who live in it, were are only mediocore (a great deal of our wealth is absorbed by the upper class).  Agreed. The lower class also fails to realize that with a volunteer military at war they become the sole source of cannon fodder and that the wealthy pay disproportionate taxes for legislation to contain the lower and middle classes by duping them with the American Dream.
Now for the truely interesting debate. Am I being a devils advocate? emoticon_confused
Now for the truely interesting debate. Am I being a devils advocate? emoticon_confused  Not from my viewpoint, but flag wavers who support current US administration policies tend to avoid economic discussions for obvious reasons. Throw in some religious morality, political labels, deny end justifying the means philosophy and you can fulfill your namesake role.
All being said, the only real differences in economic models between Canada and the US are  1 Public corporations, certain industries have a high share of government ownership in Canada. Generally in industries that will likely have a natural monolpoly, like electrical distribution, water and sewer services, and in some provinces electrical power generation. At times certain industries had a government owned company in the field, most notably Petro Canada, since sold and Air Canada, also sold and having since gone bankrupt. Petro Canada was used to insure that Canadian oil would have at least one major (for Canada) oil company. Air Canada, probably needed during the begining of the airline industry in Canada, but that god it was sold  2. Social services, most notably health care. Health care in Canada for the most part is strongly controlled by the government and provides generally equal care for all but the wealthy (who if needed will travel to the US for more expensive care in a private hospital). Overall I view social services (excluding health care) as have being somewhat excessive during the 80's and early 90's, causing a disincentive for people to work. This has changed while still providing for most of the people who really need it. We still have homelessness, and with the very fast rise in housing values during the last 8 years or so, it has increased quite a bit. Calgary having built two new and large homeless shelters ( Very nice looking buildings) that can house a few hundred homeless at a time still has people sleeping on the streets.  The Canadian governments involvement in the economy has not helped Canada's economy remain stable, it has been the US governments involvement in the economy that has created the strong economic conditions in Canada. The loose economic policies along with the overvalued dollar in the US during the last 8 years has allowed Canada to form an overall trade surplus ( mainly with the US).   Socialism, or social welfare when set a high level destroys the profit motive which generally causes people to inovate to reduce costs and create new products. This lack of inovation will lead to an overall stagnation in an economy, desptite any good intentions.  The US however has become to short sighted for its own good. It government and many corporations are looking at short term profits instead of long term sustainablity of the economy or of the company. It would appear that the core economic activity in the US is now Short term enjoyment for long term pain.  DA, your idea of a stable economy with limited ups and downs is the mantra of almost all governments including the US. Greenspan has been pumping money into the US economy in order to prevent an obivious recesion, the federal government is borrowing money at very high levels in order to keep America working. They have been doing this since the internet bubble burst and will by all accounts continue untill China and Japan say stop.  As a side note, untill recently ( last 10 years) as America goes Canada goes. When the US economy was doing well, the Canadian economy was doing well. The bubble of the internet and tech industry changed that initially ( the effects of the bubble still has not hit the US the way that it will) Now China's growth is also changing the dynamics.
The US however has become to short sighted for its own good. It government and many corporations are looking at short term profits instead of long term sustainablity of the economy or of the company. It would appear that the core economic activity in the US is now Short term enjoyment for long term pain.   I would have to argue that short-term results have, since the remarkable US prosperity following WW2, always driven US corporate performance. During my corporate tenure quarterly and annual results were all that really counted. Five-year plans were always in place, but the here and now commanded most assets. There have always been the giants who placed reserves and future planning on an equal plane with current business, but for the most part public companies worshiped equity market demands.   The composition of most public companies places a high demand on ability to secure debt for capitalization and operating purposes. The majority of that debt, especially revolving lines of credit and bond issues, is based on equity position, determined by balance sheet stock (ownership) value driven by quarterly and annual earning statements. Maintaining that value is the primary responsibility of all corporate officers. During times of high prosperity, not a difficult job. During declining prosperity, as evidenced by massive corporate fraud primarily motivated by false earnings statements over the past few years, the men are separated from the boys and crooks.   I offer no excuses for the cyclical management style of US public corporations, I'm just pointing out that there hasn't really been any real change in management style, just that the US lost world industrial dominance and is now paying the piper for extended, explosive growth without an eye to the future. I could expound on the influence of massive equity funds driving corporate earnings encouraged by government using dimwitted investor pre-tax money to drive a transaction oriented economy, but that's a different topic.
I fully agree, which is why I put the government first in that list. A good government understands short term policies at the expense of long term growth is poor for a nation.  During the Reagan years, who at the time I thought was a good president with good economic policies ( understand that I was still in elementary school when Reagan was elected). The government lost this perspective for long term economic policies. This is generally expressed by the growth in the trade deficiet, and the change from America being a creditor nation to a debtor nation. Suprisingly enough no government since then has made any attempts to change this shortsightedness. The only thing that I believe the PNAC crew that leads GWB is good for is their long term thinking ( admitedly as poor in execution it appears)  This I believe will lead to the Argentinafication of the US.
I fully agree, which is why I put the government first in that list. A good government understands short term policies at the expense of long term growth is poor for a nation.  During the Reagan years, who at the time I thought was a good president with good economic policies ( understand that I was still in elementary school when Reagan was elected). The government lost this perspective for long term economic policies. This is generally expressed by the growth in the trade deficiet, and the change from America being a creditor nation to a debtor nation. Suprisingly enough no government since then has made any attempts to change this shortsightedness. The only thing that I believe the PNAC crew that leads GWB is good for is their long term thinking ( admitedly as poor in execution it appears)  This I believe will lead to the Argentinafication of the US.  During the Regan years our manufacturing industry still had enough sophistication and remaining markets to respond to a tax cut. Unfortunately, the somewhat limited general public has been led to believe that tax cuts are good, not understanding that if they don't recapture lost tax revenue and contribute new wealth to a nation they're failures. That was a brief 'last harrah' of new wealth entering the US and we've since been concentrating on shedding our wealth through trade deficits and military spending, using unreasonable public debt to meet operating expenses.   I hope our decline is as cushioned as that of Argentina. We seem determined to further alienate our creditors and the rest of the international community by our military aggression in forcing our ideology on smaller nations unable to defend themselves. The current US economic structure is so large and so heavily dominated by consumer and government spending that a gradual standard of living reduction in lower and middle classes might be very difficult to achieve.
 Socialism is where the government controls everything, and Capitolism is where the government controls nothing. Therefore all nations are mixture of both capitolism and socialism.   There are so many types of socialism that blanket statements like the above are kinda inaccurate. There are also varients of capitalism.  Not all socialism controls everything.
As a red blooded american (didn't the soviets call themselves red-blooded too right?) I despise communism in all forms (except chinese communism which supplies us with cheap goods) but since i am creating some abrasion in socialist britain where i currently live i wish to learn more about the principals of marxism so i can understand what i hate. thanx  LOL. Okay buddy, first of all Communism has never been tried anywhere in the planet during any era. Second of all, China wasn't never Communistic, but Maoist and now is basically a mix of heavy state control and basic capitalism with little worker, consumer and enviromental protection laws. The USSR was never communist either, but Stalinist and Leninst.   Of course that doesn't mean it will work, Communism, opposed to communism is anti-human behavior. Lower case communism is how most people refer to Communism but don't exactly understand the differences.  First of all Communism is basically rule by the poleterian (worker), not rule by a few central people like Lenin, Stalin, Mao, and a few others.   Second Communism requires a completely different mindset then the one capitalistic countries grew up with. There is no sense of private ownership, but complete public ownership. It's not easy to understand or conceptualize in the beginning. communism in practice had public property for the majority, and wealth and private for the ruling class.   Third, everyone is basically trying to look out for everyone else. Once again, very contrary to cutthroat capitalism. To each their own, meaning everyone produces for the good of the entire community. If you need 5 loaves of bread for your family, you get 5, and if you need 2, you get two, regardless of your personal productivity. Hence why the entire idea of Communism is anti-innovation.
What do you want to know about marxism? It`s a rather huge subject, so perhaps if you where more specific, I, or someone else, could try to help you out.
Duo Maxwell- What you seem to be saying is that Communism works well in theory, on paper. The problem is the world doesn't exist on paper. It is not simply  a problem with the way it was "interpreted," it is inherent problems with the idea itself.  I don't think so. Communism will work: just not with humans. Communism would require a species that is inherently alturistic, which obviously excludes us. The closes thing we got to Commnusim is alturistic societies in the Andes, and even then it doesn't work that well. But the point is communism would require a completely different mindset.
Pardon what may come across as rude but-- whoop-dee-doo. It doesn't really matter if it could work with non-humans does it?  Yes it does matter. Many opponents declare that Communism is a failed system that can never work. I disagree, it can work, it just requires a foregin, if not alien mindset, hence why it will not work in humans, but to clarify that isn't entire correct. We do have instances of alutristic communism in some tribes in the Andes which have suvirved for thousands of years. they are technologically backwards, but that is expected with Communsim. However, on the whole it won't work with humans, but that does not mean the system is absolutely flawed.  I realize the differences between Communism and Capitalism, as well as their impacts upon government social structures.
Yes i know that China and russia were never communist but they were covered as that under a blanket statement Lenin adapted his ideas from communism and Mao adapted his ideas from the U.S.S.R and to you eddie i wanted to know anybodys opinions and their reasons for their opinion  I find the neo-marxist approach to political science interesting and useful. Largely because it accuratly describes and accounts for certain important underlying structures of our contemporary world. It is also flecxible enough to apply to more than just issues concerning economic classes.  I find marxist approach to economics interesting from a historic point of view, but not that useful. Basicly that is because many of the assumptions and predictions marxism made has since been falsefied and I have yet to see any rendition of the theories of old into anything useful.  I find Communism, as a state-less utopia based on solidarity and community, void of property ownership and class conflict a beutiful idea. But I don`t think it can be achieved through pursuing the socialistic state of pure governmental ownership of the means of production. In fact, I`m quite sceptic that it ever can be achieved (regardless of how you pursue it)  I find the stalinist and maoist attempts to interpret marxism and apply it to the real world one of the largest attrocities commited throughout modern history. Not only to the hundreds of thousands in the Gulabs and chinese prisons or the millions of victims of starvation or political violence, but also to all of those who actually believed in the proletarian revulotion and where sourly dissapointed when they found themselves slavering in the iron-mines i Kaukasus or working in the rice-fields with a gun-barrel as the only motivation for working harder.  I find Socialism, as a practice of democratic ownership of means of production and re-distribution of resources from the more productive or wealthy to the less productive and poor as a good tool to build a succesful society. But as with any tool, it shouldn`t be used in every situation, but only when and where appropriate. When using the tool of socialism, you are most often distorting the effects of the other tools of market forces. This needs to be considered as the market forces have one important attribute, efficiency.   There`s a summarise of my oppinions and reasons for having them. How do you feel about marxism, socialism and communism, and why?
 I find Socialism, as a practice of democratic ownership of means of production and re-distribution of resources from the more productive or wealthy to the less productive and poor as a good tool to build a succesful society. But as with any tool, it shouldn`t be used in every situation, but only when and where appropriate. When using the tool of socialism, you are most often distorting the effects of the other tools of market forces. This needs to be considered as the market forces have one important attribute, efficiency.    I like your definitions, agree that Marxism and various interpretations of same are doomed to failure for the stated reasons and would like to take the issue of socialism in developed nations to a question point:  The degree of distortion enabled by socialism and other market forces is always the key to a successful mix of contemporary governing processes. Most nations went from modern feudalism to common land ownership only in the past 4-500 years as a means of broadening tax bases to facilitate so-called public services such as national military forces and infrastructure improvements. Direct public services to individuals, limited socialism combined with capitalism for my point, is very recent, prompted by the industrial revolution enriching a limited number of nations to a point where tax revenue was directed at social engineering. As those nations now show very definite signs of economic maturity to a point where limited efficiency can no longer support ever increasing demands of socialism, what's the next step in restoring a balance? Or will any change be dictated by market forces?
I like your definitions, agree that Marxism and various interpretations of same are doomed to failure for the stated reasons and would like to take the issue of socialism in developed nations to a question point:  The degree of distortion enabled by socialism and other market forces is always the key to a successful mix of contemporary governing processes. Most nations went from modern feudalism to common land ownership only in the past 4-500 years as a means of broadening tax bases to facilitate so-called public services such as national military forces and infrastructure improvements. Direct public services to individuals, limited socialism combined with capitalism for my point, is very recent, prompted by the industrial revolution enriching a limited number of nations to a point where tax revenue was directed at social engineering. As those nations now show very definite signs of economic maturity to a point where limited efficiency can no longer support ever increasing demands of socialism, what's the next step in restoring a balance? Or will any change be dictated by market forces?  I think the biggest threat (and best hope) for socialism we currently have is the perception of a globalizing economy where impeded capital movements will force countries to compete with eachother in order to attract foreign investments and retain domestic investments. This perception, while largely unfounded, has given even the more socialistic governments in europe an argument, or scapegoat if you will, to use in order to motivate unpopular cuts in social spending and reforms of corrupt and broken systems. If used correctly, it could be used to reform the vast social safety nets to become more efficient, more consistent, less exploitable and perhaps even less generous. What this would mean is probably quite country specific. For Germany it could mean a reform for the labour market. In France it could mean a reform of the agricultural and "small-town" polycies. In Denmark, Sweden and Norway it could mean lower but more enforced taxes, less and more monitored transfers and more emphasize on governmental production of goods and services. In the US it could perhaps mean a reform of the transfer and labour systems that results in a large dependant class. Simply put; the globalization card could be played to achieve political support for un-popular reforms that would restore the efficiency of the various polito-economic systems we have throughout the western world. It could also be used in order to moderate the increasing demand for governmentally produced services that doesn`t improve productivity as fast as the industrial production.   Or perhaps the new wave of information technology will deliver some form of sollution where governmental services could improve productivity as fast as the private manufacturing sector. Allthough I strongly doubt it.
On top of everything else, this kind of thing isn't wholly Marxism either.   True, it's not, but it is far closer then what the USSR or China got to.  Marxism as a pure idea doesn't have flaws. When it is applied to humans, then it is us who have the flaws. That doesn't make us inherently bad, but merely that the idea cannot be practically applied to us.
You obviously didn't see my two examples. These are only two among many. Have you read Marx? It doesn't sound like it. It sounds like you have heard Marx through someone elses perspective and just taken that on. But if you have and you thought it was flawless and perfect than you are looking at it through extremely rose-colored glasses. You are not being realistic.  One could make the argument that Marxism as a theory lacks apparant flaws in its internal logic and therfor is theoreticly flawless. And that the problem arise when trying to explain, apply or compare reality with the marxist theory as it doesn`t describe the reality accuratly. This is more or less true for any economic, political, sociological, historic or philosophical theory.
Pardon me, but so what if it lacks flaws in its internal logic.   A theory should at least be expected to have a consistent internal logic. Otherwise, the theory is in bug trouble.   You say that the problem arises when trying to apply it to reality. Well, what does any "economic, political, sociological, historic, or philosophical theory" matter if one can't apply it to relaity.  They matter because they may be applicable to a certain extent and they may explain certain phenomenons. I can`t think of a single large theory that describes social phenomenons completly accurate in every situation.  That is their purpose. If you can't apply them, then they are useless. They aren't meant to be little entities unto themselves.   This I agree with. But marxist theory can still be applied to certain situations and "succesfully" explain situations or phenomenons. You just can`t build a system of it (and once again I can`t think off a single theory or ideology that could be used to construct a perfect society)   What matters is that it was meant to, and has been, applied to governmental systems-"reality"-and it doesn't work.   Not really. There are many other uses of marxist theory than to simply create a society with the communist manifesto as a blue-print.  And, because I apparently need to state this in every post, it isn't just because humans are flawed, it is because the theory is flawed.  Ah, yes, once again I agree. It is flawed for that particular purpose of creating a society based on its assumptions and conclussions.
It sounds like you have heard Marx through someone elses perspective and just taken that on.  I had it taught to me by a US professor (vastly conservative too) who specalization in European history was Russia.   But if you have and you thought it was flawless and perfect than you are looking at it through extremely rose-colored glasses.  Everything is flawless and perfect as a idea. It is just when it is applied that everything hits the fan. every idea will work in a system that supports it. Obviously that system isn't here, nor will ever be.   You are not being realistic. You also have apparently ignored the rest of my post.  The rest of your post was irrevelant because it has no bearing upon the idea. Not to mention it was silly.
Yes, yes I know, I was merely trying to say that it is useless if it only  has internal logic.  Yeah, most certainly is.   I never said it can't be applied to any situation or phenomenon. If you go back and read one of my posts, you will see I have already conceded that. I never said it should apply to all situations either. I have only been discussing its use as a governmental system.  I know you have. I tried to point out what Duo_Maxwell might have meant with his claim that marxism is flawless while humans have flaws that makes communism fail.  It wasn't merely the Communist Manifesto that was important. In fact, it's probably the shortest thing Marx ever wrote. The problem is, most people have heard only  of the Communist Manifesto. So, people haven't used just this  writing in attempting to create new societies. This may sound like a tedious point, but I just wanted those who may not know about these things to know.  Yeah, I wonder if there is a relation between "being the shortest piece of writing" and "the most commonly read/heard of"... I assert that humans are by nature lazy :p   But this is important to discuss because (despite its other aforementioned uses) this was its original sole  purpose. Its other uses have been added as time goes by. So, if we are discussing its use in creating a society/government, this is the purpose we should be discussing.  I wouldn`t be so quick to assign puposes to Marx writings. Sure, he was an "activist writer", but I`ve always seen Marx and Engels as more critics of the economic system of their time than advocates for a certain political system. Marxism in its early days was far more concerned with tearing down than building up. But that`s perhaps just nit-picking. I get your point about it being an important issue, to which I agree to a certain extent. But I don`t think anyone in here has actually advocated marxism as the perfect blueprint for our societies...  Marxism has a logic flaw, though. It assumes that the proletarians - a group of people - behaves like a sovereign individual.    Logic flaw perhaps. But not an internal logic flaw. There is nothing in Marx`s writings that contradict the assertion that there is a form of class interest.  Allthough I`m fairly inclined to agree with Marx on this point. Class-interests are indeed on of the more important interests in political and economic life. Even though I wouldn`t go so far to claim that it is the "mother of all interests".  This is something that can work in reality: < Joe becomes dictator of the world and kills everbody else. < There is no one left to use force against Joe, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  This is Marxism in bullets: < Proletarians hijack the state and use it to destroy the bourgeoisie < With the bourgeoisie gone, there is no one to oppress the proletarians, so the state becomes useless and disappears. We have an anarchist utopia now because no one uses force anymore.  The problem with Marxism is that it fails to recognize that proletarians can oppress other proletarians. Collective groups do not function unanimously, especially a group so large as the proletarians. A proletarian can use force against another proletarian.  Why do you think Marx believed that the state would wither and die? Because the existance of the state creates yet another master class, the political class. This class would naturally oppress the proletariate which in turn would lead to classwarfare which would end with the emancipation of the proletariate.  Now, I don`t believe this is how things "must" go (or even will go), but there is nothing in your description of the reality or future that contradicts Marx`s ideas at this point.
What I understand about Marxism is that when the proletarians establish their dictatorship, they will abolish their own superiority as a class and thus the state will disappear.  No. When the burgoise state is overthrown, a proletarian government would be erected. A government that would nationalise the means of production, abolish priviledges of class, religion, gender etc. This government would act in the interest of the proletariate, as the proletariate would control it through direct democracy. However, as time progresses, the state will eventually breed a new class with interests of their own. The political class, a new master class. This class would oppress the interests of the proletariate in order to pursue their own interests. Therefor, Marx reasoned, man can only be emancipated once the state has withered and died. Only then can man be free from oppression.
Michael Gorbachev said that the only model of true Communism exists in the State of Israel. The United States has supported Israel since its inception in 1947. This means that since 1947 the United States has supported what Gorbachev said was true Communism. After 58 years of support for a Communist Nation, Israel, it would seem reasonable to say that it is U. S. Government Policy to support Communism.
Did he? do you have any quote? I know that the zionistic movement had some marxistic leanings (the kolschoz (sp?) comes to mind) and that USSR was very quick to accept Israel as a soverign nation, but I have never heard that Gorbatjov viewed the Israeli society as particulary aligned with communism or marxism.
Another problem with some of Marx's theories is that he believed the only path to a communist society is through a revolution of some sort.   I kind of follow the Bernstein or Fabians route that the road to a Socialist system can be achieved by Political and social reform , basically small gradual steps to a more fare and equal society rather than bloody revolution that causes more problems than it solves.  On the issue of whether the USSR was a true Communist state(is there such a thing as a communist state, I thought communism was a society where a state would not exist) I would agree with Trotsky view that the USSR was degenerated workers state controlled by undemocratic means. A democracy is necessary for socialism, he also stated that the only way that this state would be overthrown is by a 2nd revolution or if it reverted to capitalism.   Some people also say that the reason that the Socialist revolution failed in the USSR and created a degenerated workers state is that a Socialist revolution occurred in a Underdeveloped Country instead of a fully developed Capitalist Country that had the resources in place that could be brought under the control of the workers, Because Russia did not have these resources in place at the time it was easy for an Authoritarian Ruler such as Stalin to take control and replace a uncertain Socialist Democracy with the focused boot heel of a Dictatorship.
This is truly one of the most idiotic "FAQs" I have ever seen.   Though when I say idiotic I really mean "dishonest".   And when I say "FAQs" I mean piles of steaming turd.  You appear to have cut and pasted this from a website created by a 15 year old. http://members.tripod.com/~antilemming/main.htm in 1997.  Although you have taken out the bit about how maybe Stalin didn't really kill many people.  Q: Didn't Stalin kill millions of people? A: Maybe. We have only been told what the capitalist class wants us to believe. Ask yourself two questions. If Stalin had really purged his officer corps in the 1930s, how was the Soviet Union capable of winning WWII? (The Soviets lost more than twenty times as many fighters as did we Americans.) If the Soviet Union had been unable to win in WWII, what would your world be like now?  I am astounded by the logic.  In the original FAQ, China and Vietnam are also identified as "successful socialist states", and North Korea as a "socialist state", along with glorious Cuba.
Why not make your own communist faq then, one which is, though still completely wrong, in accordance with the principles of communism, and the writings of Marx? This FAQ is just trash.  It would appear the YCL have updated their faq then, and no longer deny Stalin's killings, or endorse North Korea.  In some sense it's understandable how poor quality it is, given that it is from a "youth" wing of the communist party, and as such targetted at propagandising towards illiterate teenagers - but why post such a thing here?
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.
What do you want us to do with your FAQ? Critique it and point out errors, or what? You never posted your intent with the thread...
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.   I believe you're right: every word he writes including "and" and "the" is either a misrepresentation or a fantastic drollery.
I think that Comrade Brian is pulling our collective legs by pretending to be a die-hard, uninformed, living-in-denial communist, when in fact he's a just another guy trying to have a laugh by trolling the boards. I truly find it hard to believe that anyone could be so completely uninformed about capitalism and socialism.  I agree.  That was the most pathetic, dishonest and downright idotic commentary on communism/socialism I've ever encountered.   I have a VERY hard time believing that someone could actually post that with a straight face.   Good one Comrade Brian. :p   Waxy
Which ideology do you adhere to?
I'm the opposite of both.
Can I be an eco-fascist? :)
 And lets face it, politics is all about getting laid.  Isn't everything?
The Soviet Union was a democracy. A one party state but they had a parliment and the people voted for the parliment. What people get confused about is that because they had one party the party controlled everything.
I think a couple of the posters need to refresh their knowledge of Lenin's era and the Stalinist USSR.
Fraudulent utopias - of which the USSR was one - result from the fantasies of intellectuals who believe that a "better society" can be created by the force of ideas.  Using constant terror and mass murder to get and keep society's attention.
Neither: a democratic constitutional monarchy! :p
How can there be a democratic constitutional monarchy. The ideals of the democracy and the monarchy contradict each other.  Look at the UK, the head of State(monarchy) is just a figure head. The real power resides with the Elected body - the House of Commons.
I don`t think this is as much about capitalism as it is about holding economic success virtous. And I think the author has it backwards. It is not because europeans don`t place value in economic success (as in wealth) that give rise to segregation and racism in Europe. It is segregation and racism in europe that makes it harder for immigrants to achieve economic success (as in wealth).
From the Wall Street Journal:  The Projects on the Prairie  By JOHN J. MILLER January 27, 2006; Page W11  The fallout from the Jack Abramoff corruption scandal has all of Washington atwitter about congressional reform -- everything from proposals to restrict travel perks and lunches with lobbyists to a potential shakeup in the Republican House leadership.  A subtheme of the controversy involves not a shakeup but a shakedown -- of Indian tribes by Mr. Abramoff, who used casino cash to throw money around town as well as to line his own pockets richly. The common perception is that once again the white man has cheated the red man.  Perhaps a few expressions of sympathy are in order. Yet Indians would benefit much more from their own sweeping reforms. The Abramoff rip-off should be the least of their worries. The time has come to abolish reservations for the good of the people who live on them.  In the American imagination, grinding poverty is often a picture of urban slums full of broken families, abandoned apartments and back-alley drug deals. But an equally valid portrait might focus on the rural squalor of the rez. Of the 10 poorest counties in the U.S., seven of them are contained wholly or largely on reservations in Arizona, North Dakota and South Dakota.  Professional victimologists offer no shortage of explanations for this miserable state of affairs, but most of their analysis boils down to a core grievance: The federal government stole land from the Indians by conquest and treaty. Although Indians once were able to obtain title to specific parcels within reservations, this practice ended in 1934 -- an act that essentially turned the reservations into not-so-little housing projects on the prairie.  (More)
The main problem with Indian reservations isn't, as some argue, that they were established on worthless tracts of grassland. Consider the case of Buffalo County, S.D., which Census data reveal to be America's poorest county. Some 2,000 people live there. More than 30% of the homes are headed by women without husbands. The median household income is less than $13,000. The unemployment rate is sky high.  Just to the east of Buffalo County lies Jerauld County, which is similar in size and population. Yet only 6% of its homes are headed by women without husbands, the median household income is more than $30,000, and the unemployment rate hovers around 3%. The fundamental difference between these two counties is that the Crow Creek Indian Reservation occupies much of Buffalo County. The place is a pocket of poverty in a land of plenty.  Maybe we should give land back to the rez-dwellers, so that they may own private property the way other Americans do. Currently, the inability to put up land as collateral for personal mortgages and loans is a major obstacle to economic development. This problem is complicated by the fact that not all reservations have adopted uniform commercial codes or created court systems that are independent branches of tribal government -- the sorts of devices and institutions that give confidence to investors who might have the means to fund the small businesses that are the engines of rural economies.  Tribal ownership of the land is defended as the sine qua non of Indian sovereignty, which many activists regard as sacrosanct. It maintains the semifictional notion that the reservations are separate nations within the U.S. Although tribal members are American citizens, the reservations themselves are exempt from many federal and state laws. This is why so many Indian casinos have sprung up in areas that otherwise curb gambling.  Sovereignty also is understood as a form of cultural protectionism. Without it, goes the thinking, Indians eventually will follow the course of immigrant groups and assimilate into the great American melting pot. Intermarriage between Indians and non-Indians is pervasive, especially off the rez. More than half of all Indians already marry outside their race, according the Census. For racial purists who believe that the men and women of today's tribes should be preserved like frozen displays in natural-history museums, this is a tragedy akin to ethnic cleansing (albeit one based on love rather than hate).  Yet the real tragedy is that reservations, as collectivist enclaves within a capitalist society, have beaten down their inhabitants with brute force rather than lifting them up with opportunity. As their economies have withered, other social pathologies have taken root: Indians are distressingly prone to crime, alcoholism and suicide. Families have suffered enormously. About 60% of Indian children are born out of wedlock. Although accurate statistics are hard to come by because so many arrangements are informal, Indian kids are perhaps five times as likely as white ones to live in some form of foster care. Their schools are depressingly bad.  Even if casino revenues were able to address these soul-crushing problems -- a doubtful proposition -- most reservations are too isolated geographically to profit from big-dollar gambling. Yet the rise of the casinos may help point the way forward: Their ability to flourish contradicts the tenured Marxists in ethnic-studies departments who claim that communitarian Indian cultures aren't compatible with market capitalism. After all, it takes entrepreneurship to run some of the world's biggest casinos.  What's more, this modern-day entrepreneurship is part of a long tradition: Meriwether Lewis (of Lewis & Clark fame) described the Chinooks as "great hagglers in trade." I once visited Poverty Point, a 3,000-year-old set of earthen mounds in Louisiana; the museum there displayed ancient artifacts found at the site, including copper from the Great Lakes and obsidian from the Rockies. These prehistoric Americans were budding globalizers, and there's no reason why their descendants should remain walled off from the world economy.  When Indians enter our political conscience at all, it is usually in the most trivial of contexts: Should Florida State University call its sports teams the Seminoles? Does Leonard Peltier, a 1970s radical imprisoned for the murder of two FBI agents, deserve clemency? Isn't it a shame how Jack Abramoff bilked nave tribal councils?  Yes, it is a shame. But it will be an even greater shame if reservations were to continue staggering along as they do now. The sleazy Abramoffs will always be with us. Must the failing reservations stick around as well? Mr. Miller is the author, most recently, of "A Gift of Freedom: How the John M. Olin Foundation Changed America."
I get the impression that the author of the piece is oversimplifying a complex problem in order to bash collectivism. A prime cause of deprivation on reservations would seem to me to be a deep cultural grief of a civilisation practically wiped out. It's not dissimilar to the position the palestinians are in, except that native americans have little hope of resurrecting their culture, whereas palestinians perhaps do.
Which is why white communes are economic powerhouses.
Which is why white communes are economic powerhouses.  Most communes are deliberately anti-material, so that comment is fairly irrelevant. Look at other collective organisations, such as co-ops, like the Cooperative Society or John Lewis and you'll note they're doing just fine.
But why would anti-material people choose communes?   If communes were a good source of wealth, wouldn't materialistic people choose them?  Isn't the entire reason only anti-material people choose communes is because no one else can tolerate their poor living conditions? (Except apparently native Americans, who would prosper in communes were it not for the racial anguish)
Some people for 'idealistic' reasons choose to live in a commune or a utopian social organisation where everyone is equal in terms of social position and responsibility.   A pantisocracy usually comes to grief when egoism and materialism creeps in.
But why would anti-material people choose communes?   If communes were a good source of wealth, wouldn't materialistic people choose them?  Isn't the entire reason only anti-material people choose communes is because no one else can tolerate their poor living conditions? (Except apparently native Americans, who would prosper in communes were it not for the racial anguish)  That's the reason most efforts at communal living in the US 'hippie' era failed. It turned out most people are materialistic in spite of idealistic rants. Some endured, and a few still do, but mostly due to an influx of wealth by individual members for the comfort factor.
America, or better still the New World, has a long history of utopian communities - usually but not always, founded by religious enthusiasts.   As a land at one time apparently unsullied by the wicked customs, effete culture, and selfish habits of Old Europe, the New World seemed an ideal environment for seekers after purification and perfection (living in small scale co-operative communities).   The hippies were late arrivals on this particular scene.  Materialism probably undid them all in the end.
In class I have to debate why if we were to start a new country why it should be socialistic. I don't want this to turn into a debate, I only wants links and reasons on why we should go socialistic over capitalistic.  Thanks for helping.  *REMINDER* please do not turn this into a debate!
I would suggest that you take a look at the reports of Boothe and Rowntree from the late 19th century to get a perspective on what happens when you have pure (or nearly pure) capitalism. Also think about the veil of ignorance, if you don't know what your starting situation in life is, how would you design a society eg tax system etc.
Could I, at least, observe that Freedom Fighter is certainly diligent in his ongoing fight against freedom?  Umm. I would appreciate it if this thread was left to people who are trying to give advice.We are trying to convince people why if we were to start a new country why it should be capitalist of socialist, and I was chosen to do the socialist. I am in this because I have to, not that I want to, I support capitalism, but I am going to do this project so I can pass the class.   Thank you Symbiote and Jo Bennett for giving me the advice. Our debate starts monday so thanks for helping. emoticon_xhoho
In a socialist nation, the government issues identity cards to all its citizens, to ensure "national security". Anyone suspected of wrongdoing can more easily be rounded up and imprisoned than in a free society.  In a socialist nation, the government is the most important entity in determining whether an individual or group of individuals is prosperous or not, if a business is suspected of having links to terrorism, abortion, islam or political opponents, funding can be cut, ensuring high moral standards are maintained throughout the land.  In a socialist nation, the government funds schools and determines their curriculum - ensuring that all students learn the appropriate facts rather than controversial theories, ensuring the stability of the governing regime.  In a socialist regime the head of state is held to be deserving of respect and admiration from his subjects, ensuring a stable rule - those opposing actions taken by the government are regarded as "unpatriotic" and "appeasers".   In this way it is easy for a socialist nation to wage war and ensure foreign nations have friendly governments, where a less socialist government may not have the funding to maintain a high-tech global police force.  I think you're mixing up socialist and fascist. Patriotism is anathema to socialism.
I think you're mixing up socialist and fascist. Patriotism is anathema to socialism.  In the Soviet Union, the war against Hitler's Germany was called 'The Great Patriotic War'. I believe it still is.
And that doctrine was a feature of what Stalin called "socialism in one country", in short an abandonment of socialist principles in order to exploit Russian nationalist sentiment. Socialism inherently rejects national distinctions, in favour of class distinctions. All socialist parties in Europe, with the exception of the British labour party, opposed WWI for precisely this reason.
So you say. Here's what another socialist (or communist if you prefer) has to say about patriotism.  "Vietnamese patriotism in the current cause of construction and defence of the socialist homeland must be inevitably patriotism combined with socialism; patriotic sentiments in association with revolutionary will through the world outlook of scientific socialism: a patriotism in labour to build and safeguard socialism in the character of Fatherland. It is patriotism of the spirit of determination to fight and win on the front of national industrialisation and modernisation". (Ho Chi Minh)  Your conclusions are purely theoretical. All socialist states will appeal to patriotism if threatened by a foreign power - or sometimes if it's politically expedient.
Your conclusions are purely theoretical. All socialist states will appeal to patriotism if threatened by a foreign power - or sometimes if it's politically expedient.  I was under the impression that this FF's debate was about theory. There are no socialist states in the world at present, so it can only be about theory.
Really? I expect you must have some special theory of socialism.  I assume you would deny that Cuba, China, or Belarus, for instance can be described as 'socialist' in any respect at all?   Can you say, without equivocation, that patriotism is anathema in those states and produce evidence to support your assertion?
China is state capitalist. Belarus, IIRC, is stalinist and no more socialist than the soviet union was. Cuba is marginally closer to socialism, but has strayed into nationalism in no small part because of massive pressure from the US. None of these countries is a socialist country, not least because they are not democratic. Socialism requires democracy.
All of your claims are at least arguable, but let's just stick with one.  Socialism requires democracy, so the political theory textbooks say.   1). The commitment to representative democracy is what is supposed to distinguish soft-centred 'Western' socialism from the hard case 'communist' version brought about by revolutionary violence.   2). The 'parliamentary road to socialism' is said to be a creature so different from the socialism of the communist states as to be hardly the same political animal.  Yes, I've encountered these sort of theoretical distinctions before. But facts force us to discard some theories - or else torture ourselves trying to reconcile the irreconciliable. Evidence is a fact (or facts) that discriminates between one theory and another, and things haven't worked out on the textbook model.   The only socialist models that provide us with any empirical evidence of their attitude towards patriotism include the states I've already mentioned. And they did not become socialist by democratic acclamation. Though, of course, you deny that any of them are 'socialist' now - or perhaps ever have been? That allows your claim about patriotism to be impervious to contradiction by mere facts.   A footnote on Cuba:  According to Castro, Cuba has an elected national legislature that is socialist in character. Since only one party you can vote for exists in Cuba, it's not a democracy as we understand it. But if it wasn't for pressure from that wicked United States, the 'marginal socialism' there would blossom into ...........well, what?
I am talking about socialist theory. Any governmental system is defined by theory. You don't describe a governmental system by what it calls itself. For example I don't think anyone would claim the GDR was a democracy. You describe a governmental system by the theories it fits, you don't amend the theories to fit those governments that use the theories as a fig leaf for their dictatorial regimes.  There are democratic socialist groups which are also revolutionary (though not necessarily violent). Their aim is to set up parallel democratic structures that ultimately make the apparatus of the current state irrelevant. Revisionist marxist groups match the description you have of achieving socialism through current electoral structures and are, as such, non-revolutionary.  Socialist theory is, as I have outlined previously, inherently internationalist. However, when a party works within an existing state to achieve change, evolving beyond the constraints of that state is very difficult, especially when there is pressure from outside governments of conflicting politics.
Fascism is a form of socialism, the most common (and pragmatic) form. We might refer to it as National Socialism rather than intenational socialism if you want to make a distinction.  Socialism and fascism are mutually exclusinve. By definition the most venerated entity in a fascist regime is the state. In a socialst regime it is the people.   Somehow I think you would have some pretty serious trouble applying your definition to Sweden which, AFIK, is the most socialist state on the planet right now.
I am talking about socialist theory. Any governmental system is defined by theory. You don't describe a governmental system by what it calls itself. For example I don't think anyone would claim the GDR was a democracy. You describe a governmental system by the theories it fits, you don't amend the theories to fit those governments that use the theories as a fig leaf for their dictatorial regimes.  There are democratic socialist groups which are also revolutionary (though not necessarily violent). Their aim is to set up parallel democratic structures that ultimately make the apparatus of the current state irrelevant. Revisionist marxist groups match the description you have of achieving socialism through current electoral structures and are, as such, non-revolutionary.  Socialist theory is, as I have outlined previously, inherently internationalist. However, when a party works within an existing state to achieve change, evolving beyond the constraints of that state is very difficult, especially when there is pressure from outside governments of conflicting politics.  In the visionary utopia of "international socialism" (socialisme sans frontires), there are a number of theoretical possibilities - among which, it is alleged, are the redundancy of patriotism and the irrelevancy of the state apparatus.  Back in the factual world, we discover that wherever socialism exists, or has been tried, these possibilities have not been realised. Why?  Well, I've already mentioned Russia, Cuba, and Vietnam as instances where the empirical facts do not confirm your claim about patriotism. And I could go further and cite Albania, North Korea, and any permutation of communist states that used to exist behind the iron curtain.  But if I did, you would find a theoretical dubiety that any of these polities were 'really' socialist. When your theory is challenged by unwelcome facts, you change the terms of reference: a familiar dodge.   It's really quite useless to argue theoretical points when factual evidence is ignored that would determine whether at least some of them correspond to a political reality. It wouldn't matter whether we stuck to the point about patriotism or introduced any other social, political, or economic issue, your description of the socialist attitude towards it would be modified to prevent any concession to critical examination or philosophic doubt.   I do not wish to disturb your dreams any more by bothering you with demands for factual evidence that will support your claims on behalf of academic socialism. In my experience, textbook debates on the theory of socialism are quite sterile - full of sound and fury, but signifying nothing.
Alan Ryan: But this is an entirely theoretical debate, I presume.   Your 'real-life' examples may all be very well and relevant in the 'real-world', but this is a theoretical debate. There have been, to my knowledge, no entirely socialist countries. The ones you gave aren't what I consider entirely socialist.  -Wez
In a socialist nation, the government issues identity cards to all its citizens, to ensure "national security". Anyone suspected of wrongdoing can more easily be rounded up and imprisoned than in a free society. So a free society is one where the goverment does not have tabs on their citizens? How could then the goverment work when it does not know who they actually govern? The foundation of economics is that you have correct data, else it's the beginning of corruption not freedom.   And since when was there a dichotomy between freedom and socialism?   Further how does the usage of identification ease the rounding up of suspects? Wouldn't it be rather MORE risk to be rounded up if you couldn't identify yourself and thus automatically become suspect than be able to and take yourself out of the calculation?
Since the words had meaning.   Not necessarily. I don't think that they have a real problem with freedom in Sweden.   You seriously need to do some research into political and economic systems. Socialism is NOT a political system, it is an economic system. All of the alleged attributes you have listed regarding socialism are not attributs of socialism at all.   While I recognize that it is anti american, try educating yourself and THEN forming an opinion instead of blindly following whatever incorrect bias you may have had from the start and then twisting the world to fit it. You can start at wikipedia. There are plenty of resources on the web regarding socialism and fascism (which are mutually exclusive)  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialism  What you describe here is fascism, which you claim is essentially the same as socialism. Mussolini, who essentially was the father of fascism, formed the fascist party in Italy after being expelled from the socialist party. Mussolini on socialism:   Outside the State there can be neither individuals nor groups (political parties, associations, syndicates, classes). Therefore Fascism is opposed to Socialism, which confines the movement of history within the class struggle and ignores the unity of classes established in one economic and moral reality in the State; and analogously it is opposed to class syndicalism. . . .
Sweden, like most of the western world, runs on a mixed economy. To the degree that it is socialist, it is not free, just like in the rest of the world. Surprisingly Sweden generally ranks quite highly on the sorts of "economic freedom index"s that are published from time to time. Now say what you will about the arbitrariness of weightings in such indexes, what I take from them, at least, is that in some ways Sweden is much more free, and less socialist than the likes of the US or western europe.  I am not intimately familiar with Sweden, but my first reaction to it is that it differs more in the kind of socialism it embraces than the degree to which it embraces it.  Well, it essentailly embraces it 100%. Sweden has been officially socialist since 1932.   the kind of socialism it embraces? Classic socialism. The same socialist tenant that were in place in the soviet union, but without the totalitarian government.     I disagree. Socialism is not an economic system, it is the absence of an economic system.   In that case, you would be 100% incorrect. Socialism is, by definition, an economic system.   The absence of an economic system can only be maintained through a totalitarian state, and any "socialist" nation therefore has certain political attributes. It is not itself a political system; there are many particular ways by which free enterprise can be suppressed, and therefore many governments that may rightly be called socialist, we have seen the German model, the Italian model, the Soviet model, the Korean model, the Cuban model, the Chinese model, and we are seeing the American model's beginnings now. Some we call Communists, some we call Fascists, some National Socialists, some Theocracies, some Democracies but they are all socialist.  Again, by definition, socialism is not the absence of an economic system, so your chain of logic (which is largely senseless anyway) is flawed rigth from the start. We have also seen the Israeli system, the Swedish system, the canadian system, the list goes on.   What you are trying to do is pick the worst examples you can think of and say "THAT is socialism". This is similar to me pointing to Zimbabwe and IRan and saying THAT is democracy...or pointing at Nigeria or the Sudan and saying "THAT is capitalism".   It is not the "same as" socialism, it is a form of socialism.  again by definition, it is not.   Undoubtedly they disagreed about the form Italian socialism was to take. The socialist party presumably wanted a form of socialism built around the working class; private economic activity would be abolished and resources distributed to the poor. Mussolini presumably preferred private economic activity be abolished and resources funneled into the government apparatus itself, the military and bureaucracy.  By definition, the socialist economic system is built around the working class. An economic system built around the state cannot be a socialist system. Mussolini did NOT advocate the abolition of private economic activity. In fact, he sought to strengthen it through close co9llaboraiton with the government. Fascism is a form of directed capitalism. It is essentially ALL private enterprise directed by the state and completely exploitive of the working class. One of the first thing Mussolini did under his regime was break up all the labor unions and execute supporters of organized labor. This is COMPLETELY at odds with the socialist ideal where all means of production are owned and actively managed by organized labor.
I understand socialism to be a sort of half-way house, or transitional stage, between Capitalism and Communism.   The means of production and exchange are taken into social ownership (nationalised) and the state persists as an administrative machine that supervises a new order of legality and a new system of rights until such time as true common ownership emerges, and the state is abolished (or withers away).   This nationalisation of some key industries and services is more or less what happened in Britain under the Labour government elected in 1945. But we never expected further political development in the direction of the theoretical dictatorship of the proletariat, and none ever materialised.
I gather by private enterprise directed by the state, you mean that private enterprise has been abolished and replaced with state enterprise, ie socialism.  That the names and the language of business is used is of no relevance to the reality of fascism, which is the same as under all forms of socialism, private, free exchange is abolished. There may still be goods in stores, but the government determines their price. People may still be employed, but the government determines their wages and positions. Businessmen may still run businesses, but what they produce, how much they pay their workers, is determined by the government.  absolutly not. Under a fascist regime, the directed cpaitalism primarily takes the form of strict regulation and rampant cronyism. Private enterprise is not abolished under a Fascist system, it is strengthened. In many fascist countires, private corporations have even been given defacto police powers.   This is one of the fears peopel play in regarding special interest involvement in politics. The fascist state has also been called "the corporate state". While the corporativism described by mussolini is not quite in line with what we know as corporatism today, it is close enough to completely dispel this myth of a fascist/socialist state that you seem to be attempting to propogate.  This is not the socialist ideal, it is one of many. Other socialists idealise the means of production owned and actively managed by people of pure Germanic blood.  In summary, socialism comes in many different shapes and colours, and it is no more valid for a socialist of one variety to assert that other varieties are "not socialism" than it is for a Protestant to assert that a Catholic is "not Christian".  You REALLY need to run, don't walk, to your nearest institute of higher education and take some classes in political science.
I understand socialism to be a sort of half-way house, or transitional stage, between Capitalism and Communism.   The means of production and exchange are taken into social ownership (nationalised) and the state persists as an administrative machine that supervises a new order of legality and a new system of rights until such time as true common ownership emerges, and the state is abolished (or withers away).   This nationalisation of some key industries and services is more or less what happened in Britain under the Labour government elected in 1945. But we never expected further political development in the direction of the theoretical dictatorship of the proletariat, and none ever materialised.  I think that where a lot fo confusion comes from is in the difference between socialism, which is a narrowly defined economic system, and socialist ideals, which tends to be a subjective set of standards applied on an ad hoc basis.  Classic socialism has never actually been practiced on the planet earth. From a practical standpoint, Sweden is probably a lot closer to the classic socialist model than the USSR was. Of all current "socialist" nations, it is probably Cuba that holds the distinction of being the absolute closest to a true socialist system. Henry Kissinger said "We can never remove the sanctions from Cuba because they would emerge as an unquestionable example to the world that socialism can work".  In the end, socialism has the same failing that fascism and capitalism do. They overestimate the human spirit.
"directed capitalism" is nothing but a euphemism for socialism. There is no difference, when the government directs production, whether the businesses retain the title of businesses or they are renamed as government departments. A rose by any other name is still a rose.  In this case, they are not a rose by any other name. One is socialism, one is directed capitalism. By definition they are different, and they are mutually exclusive.   Business being owned primarily by the government is also not socialism. That is why I state above that Sweden and Cuba ar probably the closest thign the world has ever seen to socialism. In Cuba, 80% of food is produced by worker managed collectives. From a practical standpoint, a true socialist economy essentially prohibits government ownership of anything. As Alan points out above, socialism was supposed to be a transitional step between capitalism and the anarcy of pure communism. To argue that in a socialist economy the means of production must be owned or directed by the government, or that a totalitarian government is required is just foolish. Socialism was to be paving the way to ANARCHY. You do not pave the way to anarchy by installing an all controlling, totalitarian government.    Argument from authority is logically invalid. I have no doubt various political science classes would teach something similar to what you are saying, I have been in classes which did. That many people and institutions are wrong does not make them right, and it is no surprise that socialist institutions, like public higher education systems, would attempt to distance themselves from fascism.  You are missing my point here. What I am saying is that your total and absolute ignorance of the subject matter is frankly making you look like an idiot. The following words actually have definitions:  Capitalism Directed Capitalism Socialism Fascism Communism   You just seem to be inventing definitions as you go, and they are not consistent with the true definition of those words. For example, your contention that socialism is not an economic system, but instead is a lack of an economic system is just absolutly ignorant. Socialism is BY DEFINITION a type of economic system. Only one of the economic systems listed above actually has a political system attached, and that is communism, and in that case it is ANARCY.  Fascism is not an economic system. It is a political system with certain conditions regarding how business entities are dealt with. In argentina, they executed a fascist government with an economy that was decidedly free market capitalist.   Socialism has no political structure attached, though Marx did speak of a benign dictator at some point (though he is not entirely clear about exactly what stage in the process this benign dictator is expected to step in). The Soviet union was a LONG ways from the socialist ideal. Sweden is socialist. You can wriggle around on that all you want, but they are socialist and proud of it. They practice democratic socialism. Regardless of the political system in place, socialism is an ECONOMIC system.  Capitalism is also an ECONOMIC SYSTEM. Like socialism, it has been practiced under totalitarian political systems and hit has been practiced under democratic systems. It is essentially independant of the political system under which it is practiced.  Directed Capitalsim is essentially capitalism with strong government controls.   You essentially seem to want to define anything that is not unrestricted free market capitalism as "socialist". This is just stupid. There are a LOT of different systems out there that fit neither the definition of free market capitalism or socialism.
I've been following this discussion from a ringside seat.  One question about socialism that hasn't been raised yet, and which interests me, is why it appeals so strongly to intellectuals. To put it another way: Why do intellectuals hate capitalism?   By 'intellectuals' I mean the men and women who run the institutions - the universities and the media, the big corporations and the big charities, the judiciary and the government bureaucracy.   Generally speaking, such well educated and influential people are inclined to take a left or far left of centre view in political and/or economic theory.   Maybe it's a digression to raise this question in this thread, and I ought to start another in case anyone else wants to examine my allegations in a separate discussion.
I think part of it is due to the fact that uncontrolled capitalism is quite horrifying, and socialism and communism provided at least a theoretical alternative which madi capitalism soften up a bit. Wherever socialism was abandoned for capitalism, people found that socialism did have its charms. Part of it is also likely due to the "noble", "altruistic" undertone of the central idea. All equal, all together, care for the weaker and so on.  Essentially, both facsism/nazism and socialism/communism were horribly abused, but the ideological base idea that Symbiote keeps failing to recognize made the difference for me.
I disagree. Although they have different names, they are in essence the same.  And yet, by defintition, they are not.    On the contrary, that is the very essence of socialism. Either that or all business is abolished except the business of government. Whether there is only one business, the government, or there are many businesses, and all of them are controlled by the government, "directed capitalism", there is only a cosmetic difference  Again, this is contrary tot he definition of socialism.  Whether the managers of government industry are designated as "workers" in Cuba or "shop managers" in Germany, and whether the businesses are called "businesses" or "collectives" or "the department of agricultural prosperity" is of no essential import in distinguishing one socialist state from another.  So whether an enterprise is wholly owned by the workers operating it, or owned by the government it is all the same?   Whoever is able to prohibit "government ownership" in a socialist society, ie some kind of "workers collective" in effect is the government of that society. You may as well say that in Germany there was no government control because the Nazi Party displaced it.  This is rediculous. In a socialist system, the government takes a back seat.   In the apparent view of Marx and some socialists, but not in the view of others. Socialism neither began or ended with Marx, and there are many varieties of it with distinct qualities from the Marxist model (with its own various interpretation).  YES. Socialism did indeed begin and end with marx. There is only ONE system which can truly be defined as socialism, and that is the socialist theroy generated by Marx. Just like there has only ever been ONE truly fascist regime, and that was Mussolinis. BY DEFINTION fascism refers to the regime of Benito Mussolini and Socialism refers to the economic theory put forth by Marx. When you talk about other regimes beign fascist or socialist, what you are saying is that they bear similarity to those regimes or theories. The only two countries that have actually put a system in place which meets the real definition of "socialist" are Cuba and Sweden.  I put it to you that I understand the definitions of these words, and that you are confusing the definition of socialism with what you believe to be its implications.   Then, like everywhere else thus far in this thread, you are wrong. You very clearly do not understaind the terms being applied here.  When socialism fails to meet what you believe to be its "goals" (even though economic systems do not themselves have goals, and different people advocate socialism for different reasons), you declare that it is not socialism, but something else. When you declare something to be "a long way from the socialist ideal", that is only your ideal of socialism, other socialists have different ideals (which is why they fight each other so much).  No, I am working from an actual, verifiable, academically accepted definition of "socialism". You are inventing definitions as you go.   I would call most societies today mixed economies, having some socialist and some capitalist elements. There are a few societies which are almost entirely socialist in nature, and a few which are almost entirely capitalist.  I can agree with this, except in the case of Cuba ans Sweden, which are entirely socialist.   I agree, those who believe in a socialism and anarchy are deluding themselves. Socialism can only be implemented through total government, and total government does not lead to anarchy. Although, then again it sort of does, at least temporarily, as socialist governments tend to collapse.  all governments tend to collapse. Socialism cannot be implemented through total government control. If it was, it would not be socialism.
That's not the definition of a free society, but it is one of its attributes.Interesting that you have no problems defining socialism (=evil) in a breath but squirms when encouraged to explain your own pet political system of choice. No census or ability to identify the citizens makes corruption rampant and not to mention is economically indefensible. I guess you can label a Pirate ship a society if you want but I think many others would disagree...  Incidently Sweden is a socialism society and is every year at the top of the UN's list of countries in the world that allows the most freedom of choice to make something out of your life. Despite having identification cards. And another thing on the subject. Here's about the only place in the world where you just can't walk into a store, whip up a credit card and buy anything without identifying yourself or signing the moneyorder. I'm amazed who easy card fraud is abroad!  Yes, absolutely. Under a regime where identification papers must be presented on demand, anyone who for whatever reason does not have those papers on them becomes suspect, liable to be rounded up and imprisoned. A malign society couldn't care less if the dissidents as it sees them can identify themselves or not. They are still dissidents. Do you honestly think that anyone who fails to present identification in such a society when demanded to would somehow escape that scenario? You just try to create a tie between basic census to ease bureacracy in a state and hinder corruption and abuse in dicatorships. It's just a tool.
I've been following this discussion from a ringside seat.  One question about socialism that hasn't been raised yet, and which interests me, is why it appeals so strongly to intellectuals. To put it another way: Why do intellectuals hate capitalism?   By 'intellectuals' I mean the men and women who run the institutions - the universities and the media, the big corporations and the big charities, the judiciary and the government bureaucracy.   Generally speaking, such well educated and influential people are inclined to take a left or far left of centre view in political and/or economic theory.   Maybe it's a digression to raise this question in this thread, and I ought to start another in case anyone else wants to examine my allegations in a separate discussion.   I don't think that most intellectuals necessarily hate capitalism. Nor do any that I am aware of actually advocate socialism. Most of them have reognized the fact that the capitalist system has failed, and advocate some form of mixed economic system.   I don't think there is any argument at this point that the capitalist theory has been proven to be seriously flawed in many respects. The socialist theory is likewise flawed. It seems like what many are advocating is essentially picking the working portions of both theories and putting them into practice under a single new system, one which meets the definition of neither socialism or capitalism.  From a practical standpoint, the capitalist system is one of the oldest continually operated systems on the planet, and has inevitably failed everywhere it has ever been tried. It invariably leads to a two tiered economy, which is not generally something we strive to attain. It simply does not work.  Socilaism on the other hand is fairly new, and does nto seem to work, except under very specific circumstances. While it seems to work fine in Sweden, it is not likely that it would work well in the United States, or most other countries. The going theory seems to be that you could essentially lift certain components of socialism, implant them in a capitalist system, and have an economy that is not destined to fail.  I think there is some merit to this, EXCEPT that it will invariably fail under a democratic form of government because the population will eventually always abuse the socialist aspects of the system. The question essentially becomes how much socialism is enough, and how much is too much.  From a practical standpoint, wothwhile integration of socialist conspets into a capitalist economy or society is likely to continually fail, at least in this generation, because as symbiote has been good enough to show us, there are many who do not grasp even the most basic understanding of either economic system, preferring instead to simply label one as inherently evil and the other as inherently good.   In reality, they are both likely to be utter failures. Capitalism has been shown to be a failure hundreds of itmes over...we will have to keep an eye on Sweden to see whether socialism is a complete failure or only a partial failure. They both fail due to human nature and greed.
Unregulated capitalism is quite horrifying - to the owners of large corporations. They are forever at the mercy of the whims of consumers and the advances of rivals, all of whom are attempting to undercut their prices, improve upon their products and take their customers at every turn. Business is cuthroat, and no company will likely stay at the top for long.  Oh, yes. How true. Poor multibillionaires.  Having lived in a declared socialist state, I'll stay by my opinion: capitalism without socialist threat would result in tyrranies as bad as communism, but was forced to reform and relax. One point for socialist theory.  Socialism took root in those countries where the situation was at its worst. Horrific consequences followed, but I'm not sure that they would not have occured on their own withour socialism/communism. One point for capitalism.  Communism is practiced all over - in families. Families prosper under it, and the only negative effect it has is those cases, where it fails to develop the children's skills, needed to survive outside the system - in adulthood.
I don't think that most intellectuals necessarily hate capitalism. Nor do any that I am aware of actually advocate socialism. Most of them have reognized the fact that the capitalist system has failed, and advocate some form of mixed economic system.    It's true that intellectuals don't necessarily hate capitalism and favour socialism. But there are reasons that explain why many of them are inclined to oppose free markets and have a world view sympathetic to a 'planned society'.   Intellectuals are the gatekeepers for general ideas, information, and opinions that ultimately reach the general public. Intellectuals create a climate of opinion or a set of general preconceptions in society.  Most people absorb their opinions from others; few think for themselves and make independent judgments. This is why the prevailing or dominant opinions get adopted and repeated so glibly and are seldom questioned by 'ordinary people'  Whether or not they call themselves socialists, the higher we climb up the ladder of intelligence, the more likely we are to encounter people with socialist convictions. Among the reasons for this bias are the speculative character of socialism, its rational ethos, and its ethical appeal.  Generally speaking, the most able pro-market people become engineers, scientists, and businessmen/women. The best anti-market people gravitate towards scholarly, didactic, and intellectual vocations
No, but it should be under the purview of the church and not for profit charities. Government intervention in this has been nothing but a boondoggle.   So you think that I should just give up trying to make a better life for me and my family, huh? Keep working for next to nothing while the government continues to siphon more money out of my hard earned paycheck, eh?  You seemingly support most all government policy requiring abnormal taxation without taxpayer benefit, Iraq being a prime example. And you were recently very upset because New York State refused to pony up a couple of hundred thousand dollars of tax money for each $20k job a foreign corporation would provide in your geographical area. You can't have it both ways.
I did not define socialism as evil. Nor was I asked to explain a free society. I was asked a yes or no question, whether the government not keeping tabs on its citizens was the definition of a free society, a question which I answered for you more than adequately. If you have any followup questions, feel free to ask them.  That is good enough for me. Just me misunderstanding.
One of the biggest problems with socialism is the cradle-to-grave government provision. This quashes the entrepeneurial spirit and the drive to improve one's lot in life.Is there really an entrepreneurial spirit? Is there a drive to improve one's lot in life? Maybe there is a survival instinct. Sure some of us are born with a salesman gene, but that doesn't mean there is an entrepreneurial spirit that drives us all. These salesman people will claw their way to top of any economic/political system, so it best to try for a system that guarantees that everyone will have access to life-essential resources.
Did you know that in most states mothers can be denied a job or given less pay for the same work, just because they're mothers?  There is a silent crisis in America. Mothers and families are in trouble. The wage gap between mothers and non-mothers is now greater than between women and men: One study found non-mothers earn 10% less than their male counterparts; mothers earn 27% less; and single mothers earn between 44% and 34% less.  This wage hit has a direct impact on families--a full quarter of families with children under six live in poverty, at least 9 million children don't have any health care, and far too many parents can't afford to stay home with sick children. Working toward common sense family-friendly policies like those covered in The Motherhood Manifesto will help all families.  If you truly care about mothers and kids and families you might want to sign the Motherhood Manifesto at:  http://www.momsrising.org/petition/familyfriendly?a=2&r=1711&id=7477-6742734-QYceC7GH0_0oaJv7ZxQv0A&t=5 This is just more left-wing radical feminist rhetoric.
So the promotion of family life and supporting motherhood is now left wing radical feminism. Of course Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia...
This is just more left-wing radical feminist rhetoric.  Erroneous labels for any occasion and everything labeled?
It's not rhetoric, it is true that single mothers earn less.  I am just asking why this is innapropriate? If an employer knows that an employee is going to take more time off and cost more in health care, why shouldn't that employer pay that person less?  During my business years single mothers were generally far more reliable than the average employee without that particular burden. They couldn't afford to miss work and normally had support systems in place for emergencies. Nor were they paid less than anyone else with identical education and skill sets.
In other words, selling one's soul to the corporate mentality, the American way.   Europeans have a different way of looking at life. Families are important, having leisure time is important, participating in other human events is important.   So, which is it? Humanity? Human life? Community? Family?  Or the God Almighty Corporation?  If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.
What is wealth?  If it can be determined what wealth is, how much wealth is necessary?  Does giving up leisure time to work all the time always produce wealth?  Sadly, in the U.S. presently, we have families where each parent works two or three jobs and they still are unable to accumulate wealth--the WORKING POOR OF AMERICA, the legacy of George Walker Bush and the Republican Party.  In contrast, my Swedish relatives, compared to my American relatives, have acumulated incredibly beautiful, well-designed homes, they have been laborers but they have also been artists and artisans and created beauty as such, they have had leisure to ski, hike, engage in other outdoor things and they haven't worked themselves to death as Americans have been obliged to do because of the corporate mentality of America.  My American relatives have worked and worked and they are comfortable but, my God! the contrast in esthetics between the Swedes and Americans is astounding. The Swedes have surrounded themselves with beautiful and wonderful design; the Americans have surrounded themselves with cheap stuff from Wal-mart that looks icky and falls apart.  The quality of life between the two nations is universes apart.  The US has always had working poor. It's the nature of capitalism. As it moves closer to a two-tiered system, the middle-class will slide down to the lower tier, creating an even larger group of working poor. As much as I dislike Bush's policies, all he's done is accelerate the pace of our decline. That began in the 1970s and all politicians have made their self-serving contributions.
If accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, leisure time is often a deterrent.  if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :)
Also, can anyone back up any of Simones claims? Not saying it is wrong, but Simone is not known for providing the true picture.
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :)  Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn.
if accumulation of wealth is a primary goal, you have a worthless life :) I'm glad somebody said it! emoticon_xhoho
Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn. First of all, that is your opinion. Secondly all you are saying is that the purpose of the wealth you accumulate is to have better leisure time, so ultimately you are even saying that leisure time is the goal, accumulating wealth is just the means. So, what Steeeeve said would be accurate. Accumulating wealth for the sake of accumulating wealth is worthless. Money is a means, not an end.  And who said accumulation of wealth and skiiing were the only two possible goals of life?
First of all, that is your opinion. Secondly all you are saying is that the purpose of the wealth you accumulate is to have better leisure time, so ultimately you are even saying that leisure time is the goal, accumulating wealth is just the means. So, what Steeeeve said would be accurate. Accumulating wealth for the sake of accumulating wealth is worthless. Money is a means, not an end.  And who said accumulation of wealth and skiiing were the only two possible goals of life?  Correct, my opinion. Those were merely examples of leisure time pursuits generally unavailable without some degree of wealth, no intent on limitation.
You are entitled to your opinion, but what/who determines the criteria for "worthless"? If a man devotes his life to the accumulation of wealth and is happy in his pursuit .... is his life worthless? If his pursuit results in expanded commerce, jobs, products, knowledge ..... is his life worthless? I have known men who worked every day to accumulate wealth, but their net worth was just the way they kept score .... the fun for them was the race, not the purse. They seemed to be happy with their "worthless" lives and their checks to me and other employees never bounced. Dono  I'd like to see how much wealth you can take with you to your grave.
While money may not be able to buy happiness, it can buy time, transportation, and equipment, as well as making most of life's more mundane problems vanish.   You bought time? I doubt this. You are going to live X years. No matter how much money you have you will not be able to extend that. People that live by money die the most unsatisfied people. I have never met a happy person that seeked wealth yet I know many that are wealthy.   Nonsense. Without a certain measure of wealth leisure time is dissipated with mundane amusements. Far better to be skiing great powder runs, sailing oceans and enjoying other privileged pursuits than watching TV or mowing a lawn. Far better caring for the things that matter in life than worrying about working 80hrs a week so you can ski once a year.  You remind me of a story a professor once told me. He claimed his family was his life yet when it came time for his sons birthday he penciled in 30minutes during his lunch to have his kid come in to his office for a birthday "hello". Yeah, great value.   I'm sure that skiing will prove beneficial when you are dead :)
I'm glad somebody said it! emoticon_xhoho haha, I have had more fun not seeking money than anyone I know that seeks money.   I don't know who said it but it is a great quote:  "If you seek money you will always be chasing money, if you seek success money will always be chasing you"
  I'm sure that skiing will prove beneficial when you are dead :)  I was under the impression you understood that I'm not a Christian.
I was under the impression you understood that I'm not a Christian.  Does that mean it will be beneficial to you when you are dead?
I've seen a few studies on the links between wealth and happiness, they generally suggest that once you get past the "comfortable" point financially (i.e. you don't have difficulty affording housing, food etc.) the amount of money you have makes very little difference.
Does that mean it will be beneficial to you when you are dead?  I see no value of anything beyond death.
I'm not sure doing more stuff necessarily equates to happiness. I have very little money at the moment (full time student) but I'm pretty happy. When I'm stuck for paying the bills then I sometimes feel a bit down, but most of the things I enjoy don't cost me much. Sure there are things I would like to do that cost more money, but I wouldn't necessarily feel happier for having done those things rather than something else that was cheaper.
Sure I did. I retired 30 yrs earlier than most people. I now have the majority of my life to do whatever I wish. I have bought all the free time in the world.   Even the idea that you cannot extend your life due to wealth in incorrect. Your life expectancy increases with your income bracket. Look it up. Didn't you ever wonder how guys like Warren Buffet, Allan Greenspan, Dick Cheney, etc... manage to be out white water rafting, and hunting, and running huge companies well into their 70's and 80's (and sometimes even 90's)? They are getting better medical care than your HMO is willing to pop for.   I still disagree..you didn't "buy" any more years on your life. You may think you can live longer by paying for medical care but who is to say you would have died prior to that? Your time here will end at a point....no matter what you do, that will be it. I guess you could say you try to extend the time you are here.   This is a lie that poor people and the middle class tells themselves. The vast majority of wealthy people I have known who are unsatisfied are suffering from boredom. Right now I am bored and unsatsfied. I am thinking of taking up hovercraft racing. I have a design that I think will just dominate the field.   Have fun, you will still be unsatisfied.   You are missing the point. You work 80 hours per week until you have accumulated enough wealth, then you flip the corporate world the bird and wander off to do whatever the hell you want. By then you should have established enough wealth and expertise that you can simply put your holdings in autonomous investments and cash the checks every 6 months, or at least give them minimal attention.  The other thing that you are missing is that nmost people who work 80+ hours per week do so because they love the game.   Personally the only thing I miss about working is working. I LOVE the game. Nothing is more exciting. Your net worth is just a score card and insurance that your kids will have a chance to play.   I used to have the "neglecting the family" argument with my idiot brother in law. He is a teacher and never has any money. He goes home form work and does things like cut the grass, paint the house, chore type things, then sits on his butt and watches football because by the time he gets done working and done with all the honeydo XXXX, he is tired. His kids play in the play room alone.   Even when I would work long hours (often I had the kids at the office with me, but that is another argument), I would spend more time with my kids than he did. I would be at the office later, but then come home and watch dora or have tea parties or whatever becuause while I was at work, somebody else painted the house, mowed the lawn, did all the chores and honeydo's.   While there are certainly those who neglect their families, theya re the minority and either do not like their fmailies all that much, or are playign out of their league.  Face it. Life is better with money. haha, a sad way to live... Whatever man. The problems you see are only to be blamed on people like you.  I'm not sure doing more stuff necessarily equates to happiness. I have very little money at the moment (full time student) but I'm pretty happy. When I'm stuck for paying the bills then I sometimes feel a bit down, but most of the things I enjoy don't cost me much. Sure there are things I would like to do that cost more money, but I wouldn't necessarily feel happier for having done those things rather than something else that was cheaper. yeah, if money drives you than not having it will surely make you sad.   I don't understand why people value greed....which is what you are doing here. It should come as no surprise why things happen the way they do. "Oh my! Bush is helping his greedy oil buddies" ...blah, what do you care? You encourage it.
Here's my take - wealth isn't the primary goal, family, happiness, and health are the TRUE goals, but by making wealth the primary goal, you facilitate the TRUE goals in life. No you don't. By making it a goal you can potentially facilitate the true goals. If it is made the primary goal, these true goals will fall to the wayside as they are not the primary goals. You even seem to acknowledge this somewhat later in your post by recognizing it as a means, not an end. As for "you can't take it with you", no, you sure can't, but you can leave it to your children and family. Providing them with that head start will make sure they have the means to reach their TRUE goals.
In reality wealth is difficult enough to accumulate that unless you make it your primary goal, you end up in the middle class making do. IF, on the other hand, you make it your pri ary goal you really only have to make enogh to get to the point that it is self perpetuating. Then you just have to be either smart enough to invest it yourself (which by then you should be based on the knowledge you will have acquired in gaining your wealth) OR smart enoguh to choose a portfolio manager that can handle things for you. You think it's impossible to obtain this level of wealth without making it your #1 goal in life? I don't see a reason to believe that this is the case.  Secondly, you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?
I think you are underestimating the amount of time, dedication, and work that such a thing takes.  Can anybody do it? Of course! Well....ok...a certain level of intelligence is required, but not much. All you really need is the drive and the willingness to work hard. I do not mean 40 hrs/wk hard, I mean 80 hrs /wk and always on call hard. You also have to be able to face realities, even unpleasant ones, and you must without question be able to make difficult decisions (firing, etc...) even when it is unpleasant. If you are working 80 hrs/wk and you have a family, you can't possibly be giving them the time and attention they need and deserve. And they need and deserve your time more than they do your money.  Second, my point in asking "you don't believe that it is possible for everyone to do this do you?" was to say that in a capitalist system, there are inherintly going to be people on the bottom. It is unavoidable. So to say that it is possible for everyone to do this is absurd.
BS. Even when I was working 90-100 hrs /wk I was devoting mroe time to my children than most people who were only working 40 hrs /wk So you must have been working through the night so you could see your kids during the day. You couldn't have been sleeping. Well there are several possible explanations for this, but I'll be nice and just mention two. 1) You're a medical anomoly that doesn't need sleep 2) Cocaine, meth, or mainlining caffeine I did not say that everybody could do it. I said that anybody could do it. BIG difference. There will always be plenty of people unwilling to put in the hours and work required to do it. Unwilling people has got nothing to do with it. If everyone in this country was willing and able, it would still not be possible just by nature of how capitalism works.
I don't understand the unfamiliarity with 80-hour executive workweeks. 14-hr days including the short Saturday were never considered abnormal, even without travel, due to the US difference in time zones. If you did business in NY and California, there's 11-hours right there. Toss in international time zones and clocks only meant what time it was in other places. Travel easily stretched them out to 100-hours and beyond. I understand that would be foreign to hourly workers, most staff, all government employees and education, but do people actually think they should be entitled to above normal acheivement measured by wealth for working 8-10 hours a day? 8-10 hour days are for after goals have been achieved and regular jobs. Those were the conditions that normally precluded a working single mother from competing at the executive level.   From many of the posts I'm reading and the state of the US and European economies, many have changed the balance of effort from stressing professional endeavors to personal time. Complete with demands for high standards of living on minimal effort. Chinese, Indian and other emerging economies are eating your lunches for obvious reasons.
In reality wealth is difficult enough to accumulate that unless you make it your primary goal, you end up in the middle class making do. IF, on the other hand, you make it your pri ary goal you really only have to make enogh to get to the point that it is self perpetuating. Then you just have to be either smart enough to invest it yourself (which by then you should be based on the knowledge you will have acquired in gaining your wealth) OR smart enoguh to choose a portfolio manager that can handle things for you. wealth is not a goal of mine and I am doing just fine. Being "middle class" is fine with me...I don't care. I live within my means and move right along...I guess some of us don't need a big boat to show off.
I don't understand the unfamiliarity with 80-hour executive workweeks. 14-hr days including the short Saturday were never considered abnormal, even without travel, due to the US difference in time zones. If you did business in NY and California, there's 11-hours right there. Toss in international time zones and clocks only meant what time it was in other places. Travel easily stretched them out to 100-hours and beyond. I understand that would be foreign to hourly workers, most staff, all government employees and education, but do people actually think they should be entitled to above normal acheivement measured by wealth for working 8-10 hours a day? 8-10 hour days are for after goals have been achieved and regular jobs. Those were the conditions that normally precluded a working single mother from competing at the executive level.   From many of the posts I'm reading and the state of the US and European economies, many have changed the balance of effort from stressing professional endeavors to personal time. Complete with demands for high standards of living on minimal effort. Chinese, Indian and other emerging economies are eating your lunches for obvious reasons. Yet even the people in China nad India have different standards for working. They aren't trying to achieve wealth as you define it...they try to achieve a life for their family. If I had to work 80+ hrs a week to support my family than so be it.   I find it odd that you support people working 80+hrs a week and then turn around and wonder why people are so messed up.  On the flip side, you don't want to end up like France where you "work" 6-7 hrs a day and can't be fired.
And if purple elephants fell out of the sky some people would be crushed and be unable to do it. Stop making excuses. Not everybody would do it because most people are simply too lazy. Working as hard as they needed to to in order to meet their full potential woudl mean less time to sit on their butts and watch football and whose the biggest fatass. The fact that there can be some mretty major rewards down the road for such dedication (like the ability to fly to any football game you want to see it) is too long range a concept for most people. You seem to be completely missing my point. I'm not making excuses for anyone. I am simply saying that it is inherent, in fact necessary, for some to not be able to accumulate wealth in a capitalist system.
Yet even the people in China nad India have different standards for working. They aren't trying to achieve wealth as you define it...they try to achieve a life for their family. If I had to work 80+ hrs a week to support my family than so be it.   I find it odd that you support people working 80+hrs a week and then turn around and wonder why people are so messed up.  On the flip side, you don't want to end up like France where you "work" 6-7 hrs a day and can't be fired.  Motivation and wealth can be defined in a variety of ways using different standards. If one is living at substance level, simple luxuries often appear as enormous wealth.   Some can, some can't. Many people attempt exceeding their capabilities without understanding their own skill sets and motivation.   We already have that in the US; now unionized with handsome pay and benefits, it was formerly called public service.
I understand. What I am saying is that those poeple are volunteers, and there is never any shortage of them. The reason that ANYBODY can do it is becuase the vast majority will not. It does nto take that much to get ahead of your fellow man, especially in the US. I have met a lot of peopel who have millions, or even hundreds of millions of dollars who are ocmplete and utter XXXXXX. Lacking brains, what they DO posess is the willingness to work towards a goal and just enough common sense to let thoe more knowedgable handle their affairs. I guess our primary difference in this area then is that you seem to think that the desire to get ahead of your fellow men is a desire everyone should have, and I do not.
LOL, well, while I'm living in my million dollar mansion kicking back by the pool drinking margaritas and then hopping in my Ferrari to take a spin around the block, you can tell me how worthless my life is. You sound like you are just bitterly jealous of people who are actually successful. I'll be sure to remind them to bury your car and mansion with you when you die.
I think that DrNo needs to update his life goals. It has been a long time since a million bucks would buy a mansion. At best a million $ will buy you a McMansion...and unremarkable home in a subdivision of unremarkable homes made out of cardboard and sawdust (though we call it "MDF" and "masonite" to make people feel better about their McMansions).   Sadly, burying him in his McMansion is not an option since cardboard siding is not burial rated and decays fairly rapidly due to ground contact. I am all for bulldozing and burying McMansions. Using them as a casket is just not an option. They are not built well enough.  I love McMansions...they give me something to laugh at every time I drive home. My favorite is when a new season of McMansions comes up. You see a couple thousand acres of land flattened with no tree left for miles....you then see the homes being built in about 2-3 months with the only difference being the garage is on the opposite side for every other house...every now and then you will see one with a shiny copper top doorway roof. After the homes are built, it is time to put in the fake pond and have the neighbors come out for a cookout as they show off their 2005 mid-life crisis mobile. The best part is you are never alone! Miss you neighbor? Look out the side window...he can see him about 4 feet away changing in his house.   So what is the downside to burying someone in a McMansion again?
Everybody dies, but not everybody truly lives my friend. What is wrong with wanting to have a good life while we are here on earth?  I have never found living to include trying to impress the neighbors with my ego.
Being poor isn't so bad, so long as you can afford the rent, food and transportation. I've been living on a student budget for the last 4 years, I've not often wanted much more money. Yes there are things I would buy if I had more money, and currently I don't give as much away as I should, but I can afford the basics and the odd luxury (like an internet connection). I don't think I'd be substantially happier for having a big house or a car, or any other of the trappings of wealth, and I certainly would be less happy for having to put in the long hours required to even enter the lottery that is trying to aquire mega wealth.
Only that it would not last long underground. Then again, they don't seem to last very long above ground, either, and since they are eyesores anyway, I say go for it.   Have you ever seen one burn? They go up like the cardboard packing crates that they are. My father used ot own the largest residential construction company in the state before selling it off due to housing market slowdowd. He still owns a VERY profitable business that does nothing but replace the cardboard siding on McMansions when they are 8-15 yrs old and the siding starts to fail and flake off. Not to mention the needless toxic fumes that go up when the melt (they don't burn).  Me either. It's funny you would bring up impressing the neighbors. I think that says more about your ego than mine. I could care less what other people think of me. Why do you associate wealth with ego? Because I don't want to live in a shack and scrape together loose change from the couch to buy a XXXX meal from a burger joint (which I have done in the past), that makes me egotistical? Because I strive for success and try to be the best at what I do, that makes me egotistical? Because I want to live comfortably in a nice home (preferably with NO neighbors to your apparent surprise), that makes me egotistical? There is nothing noble about being poor. Being poor sucks. And there is nothing egotistical about being wealthy. I'm not the one that was bragging about my pool, mcmansion, and fancy car   Still, DrNo, mansions start at about $120 million. You can build a nice house for less than 1 million. The key is to make sure you live out in the country where land is cheap ;). I lived in a planned community growing up...and while it was a "good" enviroment to grow up in, after you realize eveyrone there is full of themselves and annoying as hell you can't go back :)
Absolutly. DrNo specifically said "mansion" and you are not going to get a mansion for a million bucks. My house was well under a million dollars if you don't include land, outbuildings and my wifes rediculously expensive garden. I think it is nice, but at 8700 sq ft, nobody is going to be calling it a "mansion". It is just a house with a rediculously expensive garden.   I grew up in the burbs and I HATE the burbs. I LOATHE the burbs. My brothers and sisters all live in cookie cutter houses in the burbs. I don't even like to go there to visit. I would rather live in a tent than live in a McMansion.  When I was in college I framed houses during the summer. I used to go out on callbacks to fix problems in houses we had already built and sold. It always amazed me how many people had a $250,000 house with 2 $30,000 cars in the driveway, a big screen TV and leather furniture in the living room, and an air matress on the floor upstairs to sleep on and cabinets full of tuna because they blew all their money on the stuff that the neiborghs could see and then could not afford a bed or decent food. What a bunch of XXXXXX.  haha too true. My favorite house is one my grandfather built in Edenton, NC. Around it are a bunch of freaks that keep on trying to impress the other but my grandfathers house was this little house on pylons with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. The house was awesome eventhough it was small. Now, the thing was built like a rock...so when a hurricane passed by a few years ago, guess whos house was left standing (these homes are on the water by the way)? Lets right....all those big trying to impress the neighbor homes got washed away or damaged while my small humble house stayed with no damage ;)
My house is built of limestone blocks except for the front, which is brick. I had to bring in masons from out of state to construct it. It should last several hundred years as long as somebody replaces the slate roof every hundred years or so. The best part is that I never have to paint :)  Personally I have never understood the "keeping up with the joneses" mentality. Too many people try (and succeed) at living far beyond their means and it seems they are primarily just trying to one up the guy next door. I personally have never had any overriding desire to "show up" andybody by buying junk that I cannot afford and do not really need.   Don't get me wrong, I like my creature comforts and my toys. I buy them for me, not because I want the yuppie sum next door to see it and be jealous. Limestone huh? My former college uses limestone in all their buildings. Expensive, but you won't be picking up the pieces 50 years from now after a massive hurricane...not that this university would get one.
A friend asked my wife what kind of house I would want if I was inclined to build again. My wife answered, "The usual.... 2 bedrooms, 40-car garage".  Dono  Why so many bedrooms?
Limoestone is the indigenous rock around here. I considred granite, but would have had to have it shiped in at nearly 10x the cost. The limestone was not much more expensive than brick would have been. Hurricanes are not generally a problem in Kansas. I like the way the old limestone buildings look, and it is a sold bit of engineering!  You got a picture of how it looks? I have been interested in seeing how limestone would look on a house...maybe I can do a google image search.
Steeve, do people not normally make houses out of limestone in the US? If you want some pictures of limestone houses try googling for Stoke Sub Hamdon, most of the houses there are built out of the local red limestone, known as hamstone.
Where are you from that they don't have limestone houses?  I told you...I grew up in a suburb that wouldn't have them...went to a college that only had limestone buildings...I now live in an area that hasn't heard of anything but red brick and plastic siding.
Dang tree-hugging commie pinko hippie!!! ;)
there are other models of communism than the soviet one. Redistribution can be coupled with business built on the collective model, like the co-op or John Lewis in the UK, communist doesn't have to mean Stalinist.  Ouch. Please don't mention places like sweden where socialism has done quite well, or the fact that most of Europe runs under a mixed (socialist/capitalist system). It detracts from the "we defeated socialism" doctorine as well as the "socialism simply does not work" doctorine.   In the end, socialism and cpaitalism have both pretty much shown themselves to be failures. Neither has really delivered on their promise and no country has actually thrived under one or the other. The US did not grow to be the economic superpower it is today under strictly a capitalist system, it was after depression era social programs that the US really took off as an economic super power.   Since both systems have been shown to be complete and utter failures on their own, mixed systems have become fairly popular. There are, IMO, problems with mixed systems as well since I do not think it is possible to achieve and maintain an optimal balance between capitalism and socialism.  I think that eventually we will adopt a system which carries elements fo bothe but is completely different. It seems highly likely that in 100 or 200 years we will look back on both capitalism and communism as amusing but somewhat disturbing economic experiments. Both have fairly serious problems that their supporters are willfully blind to.
'Sides here in America we practicie socialism for corporations.
See your peoples problem lies here: you think just because right now the present and the past that the working class is incapable of leading. Can you not see that is ONLY because the government has fear on most American citizens that are working class. They are mind controlled to watch hours of TV and to do as they are told. Now lets say just for theories sake every American was awake to what was really going on in the world and actually knew what laws were being passed and what they do. Now you have a completely different group of people meaning you can't say the working class can't lead they have never had the chance to lead.....
I'm sorry but you will have to explain to me how socialist/capitalist France can be considered doing well with an ailing economy and 15% unemployment rates. The budding Chinese economy is breaking out of its communist ties and vaulting toward capitalism and the country is seeing unprecedented growth while France becomes more and more socialist and dies a little more each day. Now how is it that capitalism is a misreable failure?  This is pretty typical from the die hard capitalists, and part of the willful ignorance I refer to. France certainly has some problems. Most of them are social problems that are manifesting themselves partially in their economy. Ironically enough, they are the same problems that we have...a "world owes me" attitude that has driven their wage expectations through the roof.   the chinese economy is not capitalist. It never will be. It is at best a split system, and in the real world it is something entirely new that seems to incorporate aspects of capitalism, socialism, copmmunism, and fascist style corporatism.   This next section you mis quote me badly  As far as the comment on the US only being prosperous because of the socialist reforms made in the 30's is completely ludicrous. I don't know if you have heard of the roaring twenties but that was an incredibly prosperous time for the United States with none of Mr. Roosevelt's reforms. Now, let's think of the great socialist reforms that Roosevelt made.   Here is what I actually said:  In the end, socialism and cpaitalism have both pretty much shown themselves to be failures. Neither has really delivered on their promise and no country has actually thrived under one or the other. The US did not grow to be the economic superpower it is today under strictly a capitalist system, it was after depression era social programs that the US really took off as an economic super power.    I did not say anythign abotu whether the Us was prosperous. There is a WORLD of difference between being prosperous and being an economic superpower. We were not an economic superpower in the 20's. That did not come until aafter WWII.  How about we start with Social Security. What a great reform that turned out to be. Isn't that one of the biggest economic problems in this country today?   No, it isn't. Not even close. SS was a self funded program. The problem is not SS, the problem is the fact that the politicians have stolen all the money out of the SS trust fund. SS in and of itself has not ever really casued any problems. What it DID do was allow companies to downgrade payroll because people were not as concerned with being able to save enough money to retire. Post WWII it was a HUGE boon to US companies and Us industry because it took pension benifits out of the picture for all but the dumbest of employers.  If you take an historical-economic look back into the days of socialist reform, very little of the entire alphabet soup actually made a difference on the economy. It was the war that actually brought us out of the depression. Now, the SEC, FDIC, and Glass-Stegall Act were all reforms that were more or less safeguards from the severity of crashes but were not made to pull the economy out of the depression like the other reforms were. (CCC, NIRA, WPA, etc.) As history tells, legislation is not an economic panacea. It is usually a blight on economies. They stunt growth in order to rebalance money. They sacrifice efficiency with false promises of creating more equity.   And yet we have found that workers perform better and innovation, thus overallproductivity, increase if people have a safety net. Not only that, but crime falls if you do not have people starving to death in the street.    Let's consider what government does to help make the economy boom. Cutting taxes, not messing with the minimum wage, lowering interest rates (in other words, lowering the artificial rate floor and allowing an equilibrium point to be reached), tax breaks for incentive, etc. All these things are ways of taking government out of the economy and when they do, people prosper. This is completely against socialist thinking because it means government is not giving handouts. It is through growth that the economy is strong and socialism does not cultivate growth. How can you grow when startup costs for a business are way too high because of the minimum wage or taxes being too high. Who wants to expand overseas to a country with higher taxes? No one. That is nipping growth not helping.   Post WWII, with those terrible socialist programs in place that by your logic should have destroyed the US economy, the middle class in this country grew exponentially. More wealth was created in this country between 1945 and 1965 than from 1945 to our founding.   We have seen pure capitalism at work in this country and it led to a primarily 2 tiered society where the lowest quality goods were pushed at the highest possible prices (as opposed to the other way around which is what capitalist theory claims we would accomplish). People were generally either fabulously rich, or working for somebody who was fabulously rich and barely making enough to keep bread on the table. That is the reality of your capitalist utopia.  The other problem with capitalism also manifests itself in socialism...corruption. Nobody can argue that under our purely capitalist system corruption was not rampant. Those who had the money bought the policians, who helped ensure that they would always have the money, and those who didn't essentialylbecame second class citizens. This has not really changed that much today as our corporations spend billions to ensure that the laws passed in congress will benfiit them, even if it is to the detriment of the population at large.   Face it. Capitalism is flawed. In fact, capitalist theory is flawed from the outset. Capitalist theory essentially depends on infinite growth. Infinite growth is not possible. It is not even possible, if for no other reason for the fact that we live on a finite planet.
Fortunately, the Bolshevik Revolution failed. 1989, the Berlin Wall came a-tumbling down, along with Soviet Ideology.  Communism is a failed philosophy and the free world has soundly rejected it.  Socialsim and Communism in the Soviet Union failed because the USSR spent its entire existence recovering from war. The country was bombed to hell by Germany twice, around the time of the world wars. The united states put unspeakable amounts of money into their war machine, which forced the Soviets to do the same. I, for one, would buy a gun If I knew my neighbor had six, and he wanted me dead.  The CIA and American military carried out immoral operations in 60+ countries since 1945. The soviet KGB, as far as I know, has only been in Germany, korea, China, and Afgahnistan.
Socialsim and Communism in the Soviet Union failed because the USSR spent its entire existence recovering from war. The country was bombed to hell by Germany twice, around the time of the world wars. The united states put unspeakable amounts of money into their war machine, which forced the Soviets to do the same. I, for one, would buy a gun If I knew my neighbor had six, and he wanted me dead.  The CIA and American military carried out immoral operations in 60+ countries since 1945. The soviet KGB, as far as I know, has only been in Germany, korea, China, and Afgahnistan.   Soviet Union hardly touched in WWI and in WWII managed to move most major factories beyond range of German Air force. So no, they weren't bombed to hell. Soviet Union kept a big army going after WWII causing formation of NATO. Not the other way around.  Better ask Eastern Europe South Africa etc re activities of KGB and Russian military.
Soviet Union hardly touched in WWI and in WWII managed to move most major factories beyond range of German Air force. So no, they weren't bombed to hell. Soviet Union kept a big army going after WWII causing formation of NATO. Not the other way around.  Better ask Eastern Europe South Africa etc re activities of KGB and Russian military.  How bad was the American homeland bombed in WWI and WWII?  Remember, the CIA was founded in 1947 by the truman administration, the KGB did not come into existence untill 1954, five years after nato. which one really came first?
How bad was the American homeland bombed in WWI and WWII?  Remember, the CIA was founded in 1947 by the truman administration, the KGB did not come into existence untill 1954, five years after nato. which one really came first?  Don't be silly, the KGB was only a name change. It had been going since the Bolshevik revolution c 1917 and had a history under the Czars long before that
 With no angry mob to storm the Bastille, communism simply withers on the vine. Roosevelt's reforms led to the increase in the middle class with an attendant decrease in interest in communism. It may be argued that TR, rather than RR defeated the Evil Empire.  Excellent points. I would call it a joint effort.
Don't be silly, the KGB was only a name change. It had been going since the Bolshevik revolution c 1917 and had a history under the Czars long before that  Proof? with proof, I can say CIA type activity was being carried out by teddy Roosevelt in Panama, and this is before the CIA or OSS name. The czars were overthrown, in a REVOLUTION, like the american revolution that rid us of british tyrants and gave us american ones. A chicken or or the egg question really
The government of Sweden is a constitutional monarchy with a representative democracy based on a parliamentary system. Its affairs are directed by a cabinet of ministers, which is led by a Prime Minister. The cabinet and the Prime Minister are responsible for their actions to the Riksdag. This does not suggest that Sweden is a socialist nation. It may have government programs that create security for it's 9 million people but it probably does not qualify as socialist as the creator of this thread suggest is possible. Workers do not make executive decisions.
Proof? with proof, I can say CIA type activity was being carried out by teddy Roosevelt in Panama, and this is before the CIA or OSS name. The czars were overthrown, in a REVOLUTION, like the american revolution that rid us of british tyrants and gave us american ones. A chicken or or the egg question really   Simple History.  CHEKA founded at time of Revolution c 1917/18 change to  OGPU changed to  NKGB changed to  NKVD changed to  KGB now changed to  FSB & SVR
You missed the bits about huge quantities of EU subsidy then, I take it? Basically Ireland is more of a textbook case of the effectiveness of Keynesian economic theories, with the added benefit that Ireland doesn't have to pay a lot of the money back.
It's called "priming the pump". Large quantities of money flowed into Ireland from Germany and the UK (among others) via the EU, much of it spent on infrastructure projects. Infrastructure projects have a massive multiplier effect on any money going into them. Also, a big part of Ireland's success has been due to government spending on education - a well educated work force is what attracted the likes of Intel to Ireland.  If African nations had the same circumstances Ireland had - vast quantities of free money, a tarrif-free market available to exporters with 300 million consumers a short boat ride away, then sure they'd be as successful. Don't forget that most economies are built on protectionism - that's how South Korea and most of the Asian tigers got to be powerful. I've yet to see a single example of a country managing to build home-grown industry from scratch in a free market context.
Today I woke up thinking about communism and capitalism. Over time, I've heard a lot of negative comments about capitalism--that its not 'fair' and that people are hurt by having to compete and many other things. I was thinking about how the people who espouse communism deny that the USSR was 'true communism'.   But I was thinking that there are places where 'true' communism has been practiced for thousands of years. I, of course, am referring to the tribes living in the jungle rainforests in Brazil, Africa, and S. Asia. Now, whether or not you think that one culture is 'better' or not, we can say that, in the thousands of years they've been at it, life hasn't changed much in those cultures. They have an extremely high infant mortality rate and are acceptable to minor changes in the environment (1 year drought can wipe out a whole village, etc). These villages share everything. One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Now, capitalism has only been for a few hundred years and our society has literally rocketed from agrarian to the moon. IMO This is indicative of the effort people will generate when they are able to accumulate private property.  I'd like to get some feedback from both sides on this issue, especially people who think that capitalism isn't a good system. Thanks!
I would recommending reading this description of Marxism:  http://www.fredoneverything.net/Marx.shtml    .
I would recommending reading this description of Marxism:  http://www.fredoneverything.net/Marx.shtml    .   LOVED it brother!
Cun, the USSR was not Communist.   For a nation to be communist, a few things need to be in place: 1) Rule by the workers, essentially a democracy 2) Classless Society 3) Communal Ownership  Now, if you look at the USSR, it was run by a few men, or one man at any one point in time. The workers had virtually no say in the direction of the nation or policy. That is antithetical to Communism. Second, classes did exist. Those higher up within the military as well as those in the party were significently better off and had more rights and powers then the average citizen. The scientists in the military and research cities had much more ownership rights and were rewarded based on a capitalistic method. The more research and applied concepts they produced the more stuff they got, like fridges and cars.   That's not a Marxist Communist nation.
CUNx,  One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Why are these necessarily the most important values for a society to have?  Sounds more than a bit ethnocentric to me.emoticon_smile
CUNx,  One must share what they kill or find for food, no private property, etc.. so there's no incentive to strive to better your position, no innovation, and no 'growth' as a culture.  Why are these necessarily the most important values for a society to have?  Sounds more than a bit ethnocentric to me.emoticon_smile  Perhaps, but my wife watches a show called living with the Mek. Those people haven't changed in 1000 years and they still have a high infant mortality rate, the entire tribe faces death when there is the slightest trouble with the food supply, and they're susceptible to every disease and have no medicine. One bad year can wipe an entire tribe out.
Cun, the USSR was not Communist.   For a nation to be communist, a few things need to be in place: 1) Rule by the workers, essentially a democracy 2) Classless Society 3) Communal Ownership  Now, if you look at the USSR, it was run by a few men, or one man at any one point in time. The workers had virtually no say in the direction of the nation or policy. That is antithetical to Communism. Second, classes did exist. Those higher up within the military as well as those in the party were significently better off and had more rights and powers then the average citizen. The scientists in the military and research cities had much more ownership rights and were rewarded based on a capitalistic method. The more research and applied concepts they produced the more stuff they got, like fridges and cars.   That's not a Marxist Communist nation.  No, but the Mek are!
First, I'm sure that the Cuban's report whatever they feel is 'good' for Cuba. But I'm sure the difference between Cuba and the US is nothing compared to the US and the Mek or even Mexico and the Mek.
Debates about what the "better" system is are as old as the hills and frankly will (IMO) never be resolved for the simple fact that there are serious problems with both systems. For every example like the Mek, I could give you 10 examples of poor, starving trabes in Africa that are based on a capitalist system. Neither system seems to ensure prosperity or to even increase the odds of prosperity.  Part of the problem with capitalism is with our implementation of capitalism, which more closely resembles feudalism than any classic picture of capitalism. Maybe it is a fundamental weakness of capitalist systems that those who manage to acquire wealth will use that wealth to influence whatever governing power exists in order to codify unfair advantages for themselves. It has certainly happened in every capitalist society we have ever seen, so maybe it is inherent to the capitalist system.   In all practicality the "best" system for now is probably some mix of the two. IMO part of what has hampered our development as a species over the last several decades has been the idea that there are essentially 2 choices when it comes to the system we live under and we MUST pick one and defend it. The day may well come that we recognize that NEITHER system is the answer to all the worlds ills.   In the mean time, we seem to have an awful lot of people who would not know a free market if they tripped over it running around arguing that letting the free market sort out industries like the oil industry and health care industry, which are not free market industries either in practice or by their very nature.   That seems to pollute the issue quite a bit.
Debates about what the "better" system is are as old as the hills and frankly will (IMO) never be resolved for the simple fact that there are serious problems with both systems. For every example like the Mek, I could give you 10 examples of poor, starving trabes in Africa that are based on a capitalist system. Neither system seems to ensure prosperity or to even increase the odds of prosperity.  And more pointed, Somalia during the warlord eras was essentially anarchy. That is absolutely free capitalism. Yet Somalia's GDP actually decreased significently during those times of absolute free capitalism.   Maybe it is a fundamental weakness of capitalist systems that those who manage to acquire wealth will use that wealth to influence whatever governing power exists in order to codify unfair advantages for themselves. It has certainly happened in every capitalist society we have ever seen, so maybe it is inherent to the capitalist system.  That is assumed with Capitalism. The very framework for capitalism to operate properly is one that can be manipulated by those within it.   In the mean time, we seem to have an awful lot of people who would not know a free market if they tripped over it running around arguing that letting the free market sort out industries like the oil industry and health care industry, which are not free market industries either in practice or by their very nature.  Well that is partially due to their failure to understand what capitalism actually is. One user I was talking to said that a capitalistic market will take care of the uninsured. He fled the scene after I discussed that capitalist ventures only allocate resources towards things that will be profitable. Uninsured and poverty healthcare is a money losing proposition. Therefore no capitalist venture will engage in it.
Well, I'm basing this on figures from the CIA World Factbook. Are you saying the CIA trusts Cuban propaganda? emoticon_xclown   Their track record hasn't been sparkling, ever since Clinton dismantled them in the 90's.emoticon_xclown
Now, capitalism has only been for a few hundred years and our society has literally rocketed from agrarian to the moon. IMO This is indicative of the effort people will generate when they are able to accumulate private property.  I'd like to get some feedback from both sides on this issue, especially people who think that capitalism isn't a good system. Thanks!  The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.
The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.  Which shows that early development for many things is properly done in the public setting (which is seems to be true given the huge grants to universities) while commercial development and refinement is done best in the private sector.   This isn't a bad thing. In fact this may be the best allocation of resources. Capitalism generally does not allocate resources to ventures it believes may not work where public financing often does.
The reason for such spectacular technological advance has been public, not private, investment. The speculative captialist investor is guided by self-interest and short-term profits. They do not usually make the bulk of long-term investments in research and development, over decades, needed for major technological and scientific discoveries or breakthroughs. Literally going to the moon, was because of NASA, a government-owned, publically(taxpayer) funded company, not a private one. Computers were invented with public money for R&D. The research and development for new drugs to keep us healthy is mostly public money.   I think you have a point in some respects, but it is generally the profit incentive that really pushes and drives advances. Bell's telephone networks are still running and Edison's light bulb is lighting the way. The dishwasher to the automobile to the many patents of GE have all been private. Look at other countries (ie. the former USSR and China) who generally rely on stolen technology for their economies and military, since the real breakthroughs come from profit motivated systems.
I think you have a point in some respects, but it is generally the profit incentive that really pushes and drives advances. Bell's telephone networks are still running and Edison's light bulb is lighting the way. The dishwasher to the automobile to the many patents of GE have all been private. Look at other countries (ie. the former USSR and China) who generally rely on stolen technology for their economies and military, since the real breakthroughs come from profit motivated systems.  These are pretty bad examples since both the nations electrical grid and the phone system were constructed almost entirely using public monies.   There seems to be some disconnect here when it comes to the definition of capitalism. Capitalism does not necessarily preclude the possibility of government investment in some areas, particularly infrastructure investment. If not for government investment, we would not be much better off than some of those tribes were were discussing earlier that despite a capitalist structure are still running around in loin cloths chucking spears at their dinner.  Look at the automobile. Before Henry Ford even finished his first factory he had employed people who did nothing but travel around trying to convince state and local governments to install automobile friendly roads. Automobiles were not well suited for the wagon tracks that passed for roads in most of the country and Ford knew that if governments, starting with federal followed by state and local, could not be convinced to install the better roads that led consumers to purchase automobiles that his brain child was going to be stillborn.   This is what a lot of the "free market" advocates cannot seem to get their heads wrapped around. "The market" does a pretty decent job of spurring innovation when it comes to short term projects. When it comes to the longer view, the "free market" falls flat on its face because if there is not a profit there in the immediate and foreseeable future, nobody is going to do it. I have actually seen people argue for a market supplied solution to road building and maintenance. The argument falls flat on its face in the face of logical discussion and real world experience.  We are getting into a "free market" type debate of late when it comes to alternative energy research and if the free marketers have their way, we are going to end up in a crisis with large numbers of Americans starving in the streets (literally). It may already be too late.  The problem is that we are coming up on peak oil. At this point the only question is which year we passed it. The problem is that Alternative energy is still not really profitable for the most part and will not be for several more years. Thus far, the government has funded over 80% of AE research that has been done, so even the relatively minimal strides we have made there are thanks to government funding. Where the real problem comes is when oil production starts to decline. Studies have shown that in order to make it through that with only minimal disruptions (and even the "minimal disruptions" scenario sounds pretty bad when you consider our current lifestyles) we will have needed to start a CRASH PROGRAM similar to the Manhattan project 20 years before it occurs.   This is jsut not something that free markets do well  It is worth noting when discussing the relative merits of capitalism and socialism that both terms denote a means of production, no more, no less. Anything else that you amy attach to the terms is emotional baggage.
Dae,  I hear you and have said many times that I'm not a Laissez Faire type guy. My point was that the ability to accumulate capital (personal property) is the reason that the US is the country it is today. Sure there's a place for the govt. in ANY system, including this one. However, the reason our country has done so well, for so long and the reason we're so productive as workers is the fact that we have a right to participate in the system and accumulate wealth.   Yes, the govt. will be needed to provide certain services. Yes, it is necessary to have rules, taxes, and a govt. to provide security and facilitate trade and etc... I've never said any different. However, there's a difference between saying that and saying that everything good has come through the govt. That's not true and if it was the USSR (or Germany) would rule the world today. The private sector is what drives the govt. and the economy. Without the Private Sector, there wouldn't be any govt. or tax money or tax payers to fund all the wonderful things that the govt. does. But too much govt. and the private sector whithers and with it, the govt. as well.
Dae,  I hear you and have said many times that I'm not a Laissez Faire type guy. My point was that the ability to accumulate capital (personal property) is the reason that the US is the country it is today. Sure there's a place for the govt. in ANY system, including this one. However, the reason our country has done so well, for so long and the reason we're so productive as workers is the fact that we have a right to participate in the system and accumulate wealth.   Yes, the govt. will be needed to provide certain services. Yes, it is necessary to have rules, taxes, and a govt. to provide security and facilitate trade and etc... I've never said any different. However, there's a difference between saying that and saying that everything good has come through the govt. That's not true and if it was the USSR (or Germany) would rule the world today. The private sector is what drives the govt. and the economy. Without the Private Sector, there wouldn't be any govt. or tax money or tax payers to fund all the wonderful things that the govt. does. But too much govt. and the private sector whithers and with it, the govt. as well. I think you undervalue the combination of poor immigrants and vast untapped natural resources as it pertains to our success.
Your argument doesn't hold up. The economy of the USSR went from feudal agrarian to industrial in less than half a century. The proletariat at the time of the revolution numbered 4% of the population. The command economy catapulted the USSR to superpower status, which it only lost as a result of trying to maintain military superiority (40% of GDP on arms is going to do that). Many criticisms can be made of the USSR, lack of economic growth is not one of them. When capitalism was allowed in, look at the mess that resulted.   First of all, the people of the USSR were whipped into submission for that entire time. Not only didn't they have freedom, they didn't have meat, butter, or any of those 'little extras' we're so used to here. They were slaves to the state, basically. It's completely ludicrous to think that the 'average' citizen of the USSR lived in any comparable comfort to Westerners. Of course, those are the ones who lived and weren't murdered by Stalin or the KGB. GREAT PLACE, YEAH!!!!!!
First of all, the people of the USSR were whipped into submission for that entire time. Not only didn't they have freedom, they didn't have meat, butter, or any of those 'little extras' we're so used to here. They were slaves to the state, basically. It's completely ludicrous to think that the 'average' citizen of the USSR lived in any comparable comfort to Westerners. Of course, those are the ones who lived and weren't murdered by Stalin or the KGB. GREAT PLACE, YEAH!!!!!!  And you think that the tyranny and oppression under which the Soviets lived was the result of their economic system???
And you think that the tyranny and oppression under which the Soviets lived was the result of their economic system???   Actually, the only way a govt. could ever control a person enough to supplant their natural wish for freedom and opportunity is to brutally subjugate them. So, yes, actually, the brutality IS a result of their economic system. If the people (in the USSR) had had the ability to participate in the economic system then they wouldn't have had to have been suppressed like that. Look at China now (and Cuba, etc...) the reason that communist citizens must be totally controlled is because they aren't free and because that economic system can't produce enough of the products that people need (much less the products they want).
You continue to neglect the very recent pre-industrial starting points of all these countries. I should also point out that America's wealth was built on slavery too. The reason the USSR couldn't provide for its people was that it was spending 40% of GDP on armaments and empire building. Political freedom has little to do with economic systems, most ordinary citizens have little control over what is produced by the economy, and what goods are available to them. A democratically controlled command economy would actually have more scope for freedom than the current plutocratic system. Every time a country has attempted democratic socialism, the CIA have intervened backing death squads and the like to suppress it. Ever heard of the School of the Americas?   The STARTING POINT of EVERYTHING was 'pre-industrial'. The US started with a couple of boat loads of people. How's that for a slow start? Hell, the USSR and others had to fence people in to their 'utopian' wonderland. As for the US wealth being built on Slavery, that's just plain wrong. The agrairian South (Actually the South East really) was the only place in the US that used slaves. The general culture of the south was poor and rural. The US spent much more ridding our country of slaver (durring the Civil war) than that economic system ever produced.  "A democratically controlled command economy"? Yeah, right. Private Property is what gives people the incentive to be productive. Again, the proof is in the pudding. The US isn't the most populous country nor is it the biggest. It certainly isn't the oldest. But something about this young country has propelled not only us but much of the rest of the world into the modern era with a huge middle class and a robust economy that's produced more wealth, as well as technological and medical advances. What is it that makes the US so great? One of the biggest reasons is our SYSTEM. The system that allows people to control their own economic destiny.
The STARTING POINT of EVERYTHING was 'pre-industrial'. The US started with a couple of boat loads of people. How's that for a slow start? Hell, the USSR and others had to fence people in to their 'utopian' wonderland. As for the US wealth being built on Slavery, that's just plain wrong. The agrairian South (Actually the South East really) was the only place in the US that used slaves. The general culture of the south was poor and rural. The US spent much more ridding our country of slaver (durring the Civil war) than that economic system ever produced.  "A democratically controlled command economy"? Yeah, right. Private Property is what gives people the incentive to be productive. Again, the proof is in the pudding. The US isn't the most populous country nor is it the biggest. It certainly isn't the oldest. But something about this young country has propelled not only us but much of the rest of the world into the modern era with a huge middle class and a robust economy that's produced more wealth, as well as technological and medical advances. What is it that makes the US so great? One of the biggest reasons is our SYSTEM. The system that allows people to control their own economic destiny.  LOL. Not exactly.   The US was originally populated as part of the European imperial drive which was itself the result of the fact that Europe was starting to bump up against some pretty serious resource constraints so they were essentially forced to adopt a (very expensive) drive to increase their territory and, by proxy, their resource base.  The US was a HUGE land just chalk full of the kind of natural resources that Europe needed. Initially it was this massive resource base that allowed the US to prosper (but only with some decidedly un-capitalist measures to encourage people to emigrate here to exploit those resources). As natural resources in Europe and England dwindled, the US make an enormous amount of money exploiting and selling ours. by 1915 fully half of the worlds gold reserves (talking bullion and coins here...not gold in place) had been produced by the United States.   What actually allowed the US to emerge as a world leader and the richest nation in the world was WWII. Prior to WWII (and prior to the depression) Americans had a reasonably good standard of living, but nothing to write home about. Most Europeans had a comparable standard of living with many countries actually surpassing the US in that regard. When WWII came along, our government instituted massive spending programs to tool up for the war. They were careful to ensure that the money they spent for wartime production would not be wasted when the war was over. They ensured that the factories, etc.. that were built could serve a dual purpose...they could be quickly converted to civilian production in a post war world.  Post WWII we had the only intact industrial infrastructure on the planet. That gave us a pretty good edge when it came to trade. We sold the rest of the world consumer goods. WE sold them industrial goods. We financed all the sales and collected interest on them for the next 20 years. If there was ever a "golden age" for america, that was it. Incomes shot through the roof, standard of living shot through the roof, debt hit an all time low (people did not need to borrow...they were making too much money to need that...only about 20% of people even took out mortgages for their homes). Since all that growth was the result of the production of tangible value, inflation was not even a problem.   We made so much money in the post WWII manufacturing boom that it pretty much has allowed us to live on our national "savings" and rack up debt for the last 30 years, which from an industrial standpoint have been largely unproductive. That is also why we are now the worlds biggest debtor nation, our treasury secretary keeps having to get up in front of congress and warn that we are nearing insolvency, and our comptroller keeps warning us that we may well end up a third world nation within the next couple decades.   None of this is the result of capitalism. In fact the resource exploitation that pretty much funded the country for the first half of its existence was primarily the result of socialist like policies.   I will be the first to agree that capitalism is a pretty good system but you seem to have a real problem with the relationship between correlation and causation.
LOL. Not exactly.   The US was originally populated as part of the European imperial drive which was itself the result of the fact that Europe was starting to bump up against some pretty serious resource constraints so they were essentially forced to adopt a (very expensive) drive to increase their territory and, by proxy, their resource base.  The US was a HUGE land just chalk full of the kind of natural resources that Europe needed. Initially it was this massive resource base that allowed the US to prosper (but only with some decidedly un-capitalist measures to encourage people to emigrate here to exploit those resources). As natural resources in Europe and England dwindled, the US make an enormous amount of money exploiting and selling ours. by 1915 fully half of the worlds gold reserves (talking bullion and coins here...not gold in place) had been produced by the United States.   What actually allowed the US to emerge as a world leader and the richest nation in the world was WWII. Prior to WWII (and prior to the depression) Americans had a reasonably good standard of living, but nothing to write home about. Most Europeans had a comparable standard of living with many countries actually surpassing the US in that regard. When WWII came along, our government instituted massive spending programs to tool up for the war. They were careful to ensure that the money they spent for wartime production would not be wasted when the war was over. They ensured that the factories, etc.. that were built could serve a dual purpose...they could be quickly converted to civilian production in a post war world.  Post WWII we had the only intact industrial infrastructure on the planet. That gave us a pretty good edge when it came to trade. We sold the rest of the world consumer goods. WE sold them industrial goods. We financed all the sales and collected interest on them for the next 20 years. If there was ever a "golden age" for america, that was it. Incomes shot through the roof, standard of living shot through the roof, debt hit an all time low (people did not need to borrow...they were making too much money to need that...only about 20% of people even took out mortgages for their homes). Since all that growth was the result of the production of tangible value, inflation was not even a problem.   We made so much money in the post WWII manufacturing boom that it pretty much has allowed us to live on our national "savings" and rack up debt for the last 30 years, which from an industrial standpoint have been largely unproductive. That is also why we are now the worlds biggest debtor nation, our treasury secretary keeps having to get up in front of congress and warn that we are nearing insolvency, and our comptroller keeps warning us that we may well end up a third world nation within the next couple decades.   None of this is the result of capitalism. In fact the resource exploitation that pretty much funded the country for the first half of its existence was primarily the result of socialist like policies.   I will be the first to agree that capitalism is a pretty good system but you seem to have a real problem with the relationship between correlation and causation.   Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  As other posters have pointed out, climate has a lot to do with it, as does the fact that they had their industrial revolution later than we did and did not have the socialist, anti private property policies that the US had in place to encourage productive resource utilization. Additionally, while they do have large amounts of some resources, they were not lucky enough to end up with literally millions of tons of gold that they could just wash out of streams or that could be accessed with 19th century mining technology.   The USSR failed because we engaged them in an expensive proxy war for decades, after they took MASSIVE losses in WWII.
Again, the USSR is bigger than the US and has more resources. How come they weren't doing so well? You've got to admit that it is our SYSTEM that allows a country that isn't the biggest, the most populous, or with the most resources. Its the system.  Interestingly enough, it has relatively little to do with capitalism. The USSR industrialized and grew its GDP to relatively near the the US, except it did it in 30~40 years where the US took 200. Britain took even longer. That's a serious accomplishment. What is preventing Russia to grow outside of hydrocarbons it is serious lack of the necessary legal and regulatory framework for capitalism to function. Perestroika & Glasnost essentially screwed over Russia. Too much too soon. It's not Communism vs Capitalism that is preventing Russian growth. It is the lack of a proper legal and regulatory framework.
The climate certainly has an impact, as does the starting point, which you keep trying to wriggle out of. Russia only emancipated its serfs in the late 19th century, something which happened centuries earlier in western europe. It took the capitalist system 300 years to achieve what centralised planning managed in 50. It's also worth noting that during the quickest phases of development, both the US and western europe were heavily protectionist and supportive of their own industries, they developed best with the addition of central support, much as China is doing today and South Korea did previously.  The USSR wasn't EVER able to properly support its people. The only reason that system was able to last as long as it did was because the people were beaten into submission. The people of the USSR and other communist countries only allowed the system to persist because they either were 1. in control or 2. controlled. That communist could ever compete with capitalism is impossible and wouldn't have lasted half as long as it did without the iron fist of the govt.  @dae You want to talk about Massive losses, Stalin killed 20,000,000 people. Obviously they had population to spare.  @ O.C. I'm talking more about the USSR, not so much the problems of Russia today (which are many). The point is that A. communism never competed with capitalism economically since we were able to win the Guns AND Butter races and B. the main difference is that people in capitalist societies participate because they CAN and in Communist countries because the HAVE to. People are much more productive doing things that the choose to do rather than things they are forced to do....
The USSR wasn't EVER able to properly support its people. The only reason that system was able to last as long as it did was because the people were beaten into submission. The people of the USSR and other communist countries only allowed the system to persist because they either were 1. in control or 2. controlled. That communist could ever compete with capitalism is impossible and wouldn't have lasted half as long as it did without the iron fist of the govt.  And then somebody whispers "Sweden" and your entire argument swirls down the toilet. Sweden is a nation of granola crunching socialists and they have the highest standard of living in the world...higher even than the US.   I admit that I have not kept up on world events quite as well since I retired, but I have not seen any stories about Swedish death camps or about the tyrannical conditions under which the swedes live.   @dae You want to talk about Massive losses, Stalin killed 20,000,000 people. Obviously they had population to spare.   They did have population to spare....especially since so much of their industrial infrastructure and so many of their major cities had been completely WIPED OUT. That is why we won the "guns and butter" race. They had to start the race by building an entirely new industrial infrastructure and rebuilding several major cities. We started the race with a brand new industrial infrastructure and no war damage.   In that same vein...how many European nations, which started rebuilding at the same time as the Soviets, but with massive aid from the US, managed to rebuild into a superpower?? I can not think of any off the top of my head.
I don't think the all the people in the US participate out of choice, for many they are forced to work horrendous hours for sub-survivable wages in order to scrape by. The unemployed are forced into work long distances from home simply to satisfy the middle class lust for punishment of the poor, with no thought to helping them secure retraining and a long term future. Not to mention all those living with chronic illnesses because they can't afford insurance or medical fees.  Jo, even unemployeed people on welfare have flatscreen tvs and cable.
[QUOTE]And then somebody whispers "Sweden" and your entire argument swirls down the toilet. Sweden is a nation of granola crunching socialists and they have the highest standard of living in the world...higher even than the US.   Except the difference is that Sweden makes its money laundering everyone ELSE'S dirty money.   I admit that I have not kept up on world events quite as well since I retired, but I have not seen any stories about Swedish death camps or about the tyrannical conditions under which the swedes live.   No, and if the US was a tiny, mountainous, homogeneous country made of gold and banks full of well educated people who don't mind working for a living, we probably wouldn't have half the problems we have here today. But of course, then everyone would be speaking German, Italian, and Japoneese and the world would be just GREAT! yeehaa!    They did have population to spare....especially since so much of their industrial infrastructure and so many of their major cities had been completely WIPED OUT. That is why we won the "guns and butter" race. They had to start the race by building an entirely new industrial infrastructure and rebuilding several major cities. We started the race with a brand new industrial infrastructure and no war damage.   In that same vein...how many European nations, which started rebuilding at the same time as the Soviets, but with massive aid from the US, managed to rebuild into a superpower?? I can not think of any off the top of my head.   Actually, their industrial infrastructure was put on trains and moved East to avoid war damage AND the US gave them plenty of Aid during the war. But I guess the fact that the entire 100,000,000 (-20,000,000 killed) population were basically slave labor helped too! And they were able to keep them enslaved for about 50 more years, until they realized its better to be free (and have butter and TV's)
Prove it. Prove that every unemployed person has cable and a flatscreen TV. Heck, prove to me that more than half have them.  I happen to know many people who receive benefits of various kinds. The particular example I was thinking of is a couple who have (including 2 of hers from a previous relationship) 4 kids, a drug problem, AND a computer and a flat screen TV. They get jobs every now and then but, as I said, still manage to keep the cable on (most of the time). Also, as I've said before, I grew up very poor in MD. I knew many people (and still do) who got food stamps (now called the independence cardemoticon_frazzled ) and HBO, they didn't have flat screens then-lol. There many, many examples of this. Our poor should be the envy of the world (or are) and most of their problems are, one way or another, of their own making.   EDIT: learn the difference between Sweden and Switzerland.  LOL, my glasses broke and its getting rather embarrassing
LOL, my glasses broke and its getting rather embarrassing  I too would be embarrassed, if I was as ignorant as you.
I too would be embarrassed, if I was as ignorant as you.  Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  Cunxtime was liked and respected by all but a few on this site. Dont be too offended by some insults..We all give and recieve them from time to time,its part of the fun! Thank you for confiming what most of us suspected but the person that insulted Sep would not have known that he had passed away. Maybe you will stick around and become one of the regular combatants! Please give my/our regards to Seps widow who was kind enough to let us know how ill he was.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  You have my condolences over the passing of your brother.
Condolences too. What a happy coincidence that you should log on to this site a mere 6 hours after a passing troll registers here and attacks Sep's two years old post. I'm confident you'll be able to quickly pick up the skills in order to defend your dead brother's reputation, and indeed establish one of your own. Welcome.
Hey there, I've really never done any of these argument sites but my brother, Cunxtime (or Sep to the rest of us) really enjoyed it. He may have been many things but ignorant wasn't one of them. It cool though that a lot of his thoughts are here on this site. He talked a lot about his discussions. I'm going to try to figure out how this works and make an account...it's weird enough using his old computer. Give me a while to read through these old comments and I'll take a shot at defending him...certainly not as well as he would but still I can't have someone insulting my dead brother.  My condolences on your lost. Your brother had a keen mind. We enjoyed his wit as well.  We hope you stay a while.
   ... But I was thinking that there are places where 'true' communism has been practiced for thousands of years. I, of course, am referring to the tribes living in the jungle rainforests in Brazil, Africa, and S. Asia. ...   Yes, the term communism has many different meanings.   Ludwik Kowalski (see Wikipedia) .
