So you say that God is fake? How about considering the arguments for God's existence on this website?http://home.clear.net.nz/pages/bryanp/Other/atheis1.htm
I am sorry for your loss. I will remember you and your mother tonight in my prayers.  Can you give God one more chance?  http://www.columbineredemption.com/
XYOU-  My mom died in Jan 2000,  I am very sorry for your loss, however, everyone dies. Your great grandparents are dead, your great-great grandparents are dead, your great-great-great grandparents are dead. Such is the consequence for the sin of Adam.   gilligan-  i too (like you) wasted much time reading the bible and devoting my life to "god". i started questioning early (about 6th grade). i came to realize that most of the things i learned in my christian school were false.  Mehhh.... emoticon_rolleyes You probably went to a Catholic school.   But now that you've stopped 'devoting' your 'life' to the God of the Bible, you've 'devoted' yourself to another god, Yourself. Typical case.  i asked my bible teacher why we had to go by the bible and not make up our own reasoning of god;  You can make up your reasoning of god, doesn't mean that it's a correct assessment, though.   i was shut down, yelled at, and they sent home a disaplinary referal form (trouble). they tell me what to believe.  Like I said, Catholic school. Or it could be that you're like 80 years old or something, because nowadays, if you talk about God or the Bible, then you don't get in trouble, you get criticized and made-fun-of, not only by your peers, but also by teachers.   i couldn't believe in the bible. even as a child i saw through the fairy tales. giants, people living hundreds of years, water to wine, a talking snake, parting of the red sea, etc.  Well, I wasn't an fortunate as you. It took me a few years to see through the fairy tale of evolution and see that God was the only true creator. However, that is a whole 'nother topic.   admit the truth and set yourself free.  Yeah, free to do whatever you want without worrying about the consequences. The joy of a life without believing in God.
gilligan-  methodist  Is there a difference?   btw, i'm 17... well, 18... (almost yay!)  k  bullsh*t. you do get critized for tlaking about god... any other god other than the christian god that is  ...in your own little fantasy world.  that's right, i don't want ANOTHER parental figure to tell me what to do, when to do it, and how to do it.  Of course you don't. It's the natural humanistic way of thinking.
my grandfather died on saturday and i do belive in God. no one will propably ever find living proof of it but he is there. i don't enjoy going to church because the services are usually based on stuff more toward adults and not teenagers but sometimes it just sorta gives you a feeling like you've been forgiven for like stealing and hurting someone. i know this sounds really cheesy but it's true for me at least.
wow that really is very cheesy. i'm ususally not like that.
Pikeman-   Then I figured, after a period of a great deal of questioning, going to Bible study every week, etc, that it was all XXXX, and if you want, I'll show you a great deal of stuff that shows that Christianity was and is truly a result of political decisions, wars, etc.   I figured out very quickly that most atheists are pathetic, hypocritical, close-minded, pompous fools who have nothing better to do except sit in forums dealing with religion and insult everyone with a different belief system.   Btw, that whole girl saying she believed in god before being killed  What girl?
gilligan-  yeah, holding onto religion is like holding onto the ancient times. if you wish to worship a higher power, i say do it by yourself.   Why are you so afraid of religion?   if, and i restate, 90% of all religion is christian, then of course the rest are considered minorities.  So you mean Islam makes up the other 9%, or what? I'm confused... emoticon_confused   you know how christian are always saying "it wasn't ment LITERALLY."   Only the Christians who don't know what they're talking about.
Originally posted by Habbit   What girl?    the girl in the colimbine(sp) shootings
A question for the atheists and agnostics out there:  Atheist: Have you been everywhere at once? Obviously not, so how can you say there is "no god?"  Agnostic: If there is a god COULD he reveal himself?
I guess there is a relevant point in there somewhere....well....maybe not.
If there is a god COULD he reveal himself?    YES, that is the answer to "if God really exist NOW" ! But the whole world people won't believe to that so simple and TRUE answer !!   Jesus was such a Great liar of the world ! Up to now, still billions of people in the world believe in his lies !!
There is proof of god. Because people can't see him, they believe there is no god. Miracles happen everyday. I myself was an atheist. I figured that there was no proof. After I saw a few amazing things happen, everyday things that a lot of people tend to take for granted, I then started to believe.
sarablaze, there's billion of people like you, don't know why but just "follow the follower" !  Here on earth having billions of christian, catholic, muslim, buddhist are following their friends, their parents, their country's people to believe in God since born or during growth but don't know what God is or dare to ask if there's really GOD in the universe !
God is so good to use to deceive people for anything cos God is forever an unknown ! People could never get any real evidence to prove the exist of God.  As I know in history, nearly all countries when the time going to war must pray their God to bless them, bless them to kill another country's people. Its one of the usage of GOD ! And that's why most country leaders support religion.  Because you can say whatever you like in the name of "your God" to do anything and your God won't argue or disagree with you.
XYOU, I don't believe in organized religion. Have you ever seen a baby being born, or a person who use to be an X con, change their life? Have you ever seen the sun rise or set? Little things happen all the time every day, and they are all proof of god.
crim, sara means those unbelievable beautiful incredible natural phenomenon that we could experience must not all in coincident just exist by themselves and without "God"'s design and created them !  I do believe the same as sara ! I do believe the whole world's things are designed and created by "God" !!  Simply, even as simple things as a cup, a TV set, a pc,.....it won't exist by itself if no one design it first and make them.
Crim, God is the one who created us, I do believe in God but not that God tells in bible.
crism, I am theism !  But all of us on earth don't know who God is, may be God doesn't exist now after created us.   I think I am only an anti-religious( <--don't know if it is the right word or not, sorry) .
I know what you're saying to a certain extent XYOU, I have a lot of problems with organized religion today. But you say you believe in a god. Do you believe you know this god, who he is and what he's about, or do you just believe that there is a god, and that you don't know who he is? If you are the first, you are the beginnings of a cult. If you are the second you belong to a large group of people who are so disgusted with the practitioners and followers of a religion that you transfer it to who they follow. Which are you?
Let me rephrase, what in the life of Jesus do you have a problem with? Not a problem in the practices of the church or the people, but in the being that we believe in. Which part do you have a problem with, or do you simply have a problem with the fact that is a "religion".
thistown, cos I found there's so many arguing point in bible from the beginning of Genesis in old testament to the end of new testament such as :-  Genesis Chapter 1 :-  3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.   4 And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.   5 And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.   After God had "created" the lights, that means when the lights can't pass through an non-transparet object , there's a shadow and gone "darKness" , but the "one" who wrote the bible should be God but seemed didn't know this phenomenon , that "writer" said : God had to "divide" the light from darkness.   emoticon_confused emoticon_confused emoticon_confused   That prove:- the writer was just someone who didn't have that scientific knowledge in the old days.   Do you agree ???
Yes I agree. I have no problem with agreeing that the Bible was written by people. I have no problem saying that certain portions of the Bible have been mistranslated. I have no problem with saying that some of the writers of the Bible intertwined their own biases and the prejudices of their society into the text. What I don't see is how this automatically negates the existance of God. It is in getting so entangled in the tiny insignificant details that people lose the purpose of why it was written. Yes I believe that the Genesis that you quote is a metaphor, passed down orally for hundreds of years, changed and tweaked, and then written down by humans. What's the problem?  I challenge you to locate the source of your hesitancy and even dare I say hatred of Jesus. Find fault in him, or his teachings...or is it that you have a problem with the transfer of light in the Old Testament and therefore assume that it's all XXXX.
XYOU-  YES, that is the answer to "if God really exist NOW" !  I have a question for all you atheists. If God revealed himself to you right now, would you HONESTLY believe it was him? I mean, really, be completely honest and serious.   Jesus was such a Great liar of the world !  Are you like a Chinese government official or something? Oh wait. I forgot, the Chinese government controls what you say anyway, so I guess it matters not.  Up to now, still billions of people in the world believe in his lies !!  1.3 billion people believe the lies of the Chinese government.   sarablaze, there's billion of people like you, don't know why but just "follow the follower" !  Oh, so is your God the Chinese government? Honestly, most atheists will say people believe in God because they can't think for themselves and must rely on something in order to exist. Where's the difference? The Chinese follow the Chinese government like puppy dogs because they can't think for themselves, and they rely on the government in order to survive.   Here on earth having billions of christian, catholic, muslim, buddhist are following their friends, their parents, their country's people to believe in God since born or during growth but don't know what God is or dare to ask if there's really GOD in the universe !  I'll respond when I can figure out what you're trying to say.  I do believe the whole world's things are designed and created by "God" !!  That 'god' being the Chinese government?   Crim-  One does not have to know everything to reject theism.  You have to know everything in order to say, boldly, "There is NO God! Religious people are fools who believe in fairy tales."   Do you believe in purple unicorns on uranus? Have you -or anyone- been to uranus to check? No? Ok, I assume you believe in them then.  Uranus. Is. A. Ball. Of. Gas. Genius.   Fortunately, your beliefs are not facts.  Neither are yours. *GEE* *gasp* *amazement* *realization*   thistownwilleat-  Let me rephrase, what in the life of Jesus do you have a problem with? Not a problem in the practices of the church or the people, but in the being that we believe in. Which part do you have a problem with, or do you simply have a problem with the fact that is a "religion".  This is a very simple, easily answerable question. Most people, especially in America, have problems with people telling them what to do. Teenagers hate being under the authority of adults. Adults hate being under the authority of the government and enforcers of the law. Everyone in the world is under worldly authority, but to actually have a God who created you, which gives him the right to make commandments stating what is good for you and what is not, that makes most people really XXXXXX off.   Have you ever been everywhere at once to see there's no Zeus?  First, take a visit to Mount Olympus. Secondly, Greek myths were written for entertainment. Lastly, if Zeus or any other mythological gods existed, why wouldn't they/it preserve their worshippers? When a human (actually, in the case of the Jews, humanS) make efforts to completely eliminate a race or religious group of people and there Book (the Bible) for over thousands upon thousands of years, and the people and Book are still preserved, that is evidence of a God, in my opinion.
Crim-  Mmmmm, not necessarily. Many of the arguments of against gods (those with specific properties, not just a general diety) deal with incompatible traits, like a square circle has. One does not have to search the universe to know square circles do not exist.  How do you know square circles do not exist? Modern man could've named a square circle something different than it is. Ancient man could've called an object a square circle. For a question like that, you would have to search the universe to be 100% sure square circles do not exist.   What's your point? Unicorns breathe toxic gas and have low density, so they can get around all they want.  And God lives in Heaven, with Jesus sitting on the right side of Him.
Based on man's opinion. But, of course, since you're an atheist, you probably believe everything man says anything anyway. Unless, of course, it counters your fallible views.
gilligan-  think about what you just typed, that doesn't make any sense.  There are a lot of these people don't understand or don't make sense to them. I guess the things that don't are just stupid and made-up, huh?  you must be agnostic now. you see his point-of-view. you now doubt god, according to your answer.  Here's some advice, if you're going to try and crack on me, make your 'jokes' (I'll be nice and call them that) less passive and more active, grammar-wise.   Crim-   A definition is the meaning of word that someone created using their own opinions. Is there a difference?   And, a circle could be called a circle in the English language, but I could make up a new language in which a circle would be called a square and a square a circle.
It has everything to do with semantics, because your poor arguement leaves room for many holes.
Crim-  I already told you, fill the holes in your arguement and maybe you wouldn't complain so much.  gilligan-  That's funny. However, unfortunately for you, we know who God is because of the Bible and because he speaks to us. Also, I love the first definition:   god ( P ) Pronunciation Key (gd) n.  1. God  Kinda ironic, don't you think?
Crim-  "Could you be so kind as to point out the holes, please?"  I already have. Learn to read.   "Or are you going to dance around some more?"  I don't know, do you want me to?
gilligan-  habbit isn't a debater, he's a b*tcher.  Is the little baby upset? Too bad.   btw, the reason the definition of "God" is "God" is because that is how the public percieves it... 90% of the world believes in "God".  90% of the people in the world are Christians?   idiot-  How strange. It seems that Habbit's definition of the word definition is meaningless. [cutting the useless part, don't want to waste server space]  Great way of twisting what I said. Would you like a Snickers bar?  But your new language would be meaningless. [cut more XXXX]  Some mathematical definitions can be precise, but then others can be unprecise, because of one little thing a person like you would never be able to understand, and that is, humans are not perfect.   Apparently Habbit doesn't understand that substituting the words of another language does not change the concept. That sort of argument is basically ignorant XXXX.  Another twist? I bet you want two Snickers bars now, huh?   No hay de que. Wait. I mean, de nada. Wait again. Those express the same thing in the same language with different words. I guess it must be a matter of opinion.  No, uu dada idot. By the way, I must commend your's and Crim's execellent way to change the whole topic. I don't think anyone could've done it as flawlessly or subtly as you two.   By the way, in my language, the word idiot translates into the English word 'lurch'.
Shut up habit. You really and truly have absolutely nothing to say. As my mother used to tell me when I was 5, you're talking privelages have been revoked.
gilligan-  i did not say christian, i said "God". Christian, Jewish, and Muslim all believe in the same "God".  I know you said "God" however, you are wrong (not unusual) when you say Muslims believe in the same God as the Jews and Christians. More examples of your ignorance.   By the way, everyone in the world believes in a God. For some people, it's the 'Great Spirit', others 'Allah', then the true God, the one of the Bible, and lastly, some people don't believe in a superior being, but they believe themselves to be god.   idiot-  Habbit has been reduced to meaningless insults. He made a fool of himself by demonstrating his ignorance of language and now has nothing worthwhile to say.  Don't like it when the person you're arguing against can be as sarcastic as you are, huh? I understand, I get these types of whines all the time.   thistownwilleat-  Shut up habit. You really and truly have absolutely nothing to say. As my mother used to tell me when I was 5, you're talking privelages have been revoked.  1) It's Habbit. You could at least take 5 seconds to get my name right. 2) Considering you and your friends are the ones complaining, not debating?  3) Actually, none of my posting privileges have my revoked. Try again.
Habbit, I would be more than happy to debate you, unfortunately you don't quite yet have a grasp on the meaning of the word.  "Is the little baby upset? Too bad."  "Great way of twisting what I said. Would you like a Snickers bar?"  "By the way, in my language, the word idiot translates into the English word 'lurch'."  "No, uu dada idot."  We're all quite impressed with your knowledge of third grade insults, unfortunately, this is not debate.   I guess it is at around this point I should add some nonsense about a Snickers bar, sit back and chuckle at my own humor. Fortunately though, I have an IQ above 60.
thistownwilleat-  Habbit, I would be more than happy to debate you, unfortunately you don't quite yet have a grasp on the meaning of the word.  k, but what does my name have the current discussion?   We're all quite impressed with your knowledge of third grade insults, unfortunately, this is not debate.  Thank You. You know how much I love to impress people.  I guess it is at around this point I should add some nonsense about a Snickers bar, sit back and chuckle at my own humor. Fortunately though, I have an IQ above 60.  I especially love responding to third grade insults, but unfortunately, as you said, this is not debate. (Or did you mean 'the' debate?' Will we ever know?!)   And before I forget, it is good you didn't talk about Snickers bars and that your IQ is above 60, because then you'd be stealing my third grade insults.  Crim-  Nonsense. Almost a billion people are nonreligious.  First, I didn't say everyone in the world was religious, I said everyone in the world believed in A god. Second, the majority of the world believes there is a god, and the others don't want to believe (hope there isn't) a god and/or they believe they themselves are the only god of their body.
Your stupidity in debate is only matched by your stupidity in grammar. Debate is both a verb and a noun. Now debate something for God's sake.
thistownwilleat-  Your stupidity in debate is only matched by your stupidity in grammar. Debate is both a verb and a noun.   joke ( P ) Pronunciation Key (jk) n.  Something said or done to evoke laughter or amusement, especially an amusing story with a punch line.  A mischievous trick; a prank.  An amusing or ludicrous incident or situation.  Informal.  Something not to be taken seriously; a triviality: The accident was no joke.  An object of amusement or laughter; a laughingstock: His loud tie was the joke of the office.   Calm down, kid.  Now debate something for God's sake.  I would love to debate the topic, but you have effectively ruined it.
Crim-  How do you know if they WANT to believe in a deity? They simply don't.  and the others don't want to believe (hope there isn't) a god   please. god of their body? that's hardly equal to a supernatural deity.  I meant that those types of people don't want a God who gives commandments.  lurch-  Your answers were without content or meaning. There was no sarcasm.  k  You snipped most of my remarks because you were unable to address them. You have no answers and have been reduced to insult. That means that you have lost the discussion and you know you have lost. Otherwise you would attempt meaningful answers.  Actually, I snipped your remarks because 1) you twisted what I said and 2) I'm already spending too much time arguing with random complainers and I was in a hurry to do something more important at the time.   You have made yourself a fool with nothing but names and insults.  Let me make your accusations correct.  *******************************************************************  Now, after that, for once you're telling the truth.
idiot-   At least you are aware of your own mental deficiencies.  Ok. By the way, you're always whining about how I'm calling you names, but then you do it back? I just love it how you atheists think you can be sarcastic insulting bastards but when someone meets your sarcasm with more sarcasm you cry and moan.   gilligan-  At least you don't have to respond to paragraphs of stupidity, like those that Cuchulainn posts.
Pikeman-  ROFL. They all believe in a god but hope there isn't?  ...? Either you've misread what I said, twisted what I said, or you're just stupid.  You bet your XXX that'd make me happy.  Well, first, I probably wouldn't bet my XXX, but whatever you say... Secondly, I wish Heaven were a candy mountain too (with Snikers, Milky Way, FUN DIP, Twisters, Skittles, M&Ms, and super blow-pops) but it's not.   I am fairly certain no "afterlife" exists.  Been there, done that, right? I wish I could die and come back to life like that.  I cannot prove the latter, though with the former, I can demonstrate some parts of the Bible which are inaccurate, and just plain wrong.  Based on who's opinions? Atheist.com and christianssuck.com?  And if I /worship/ anything, it'd be reason and thought.  Ahh. Now I see why you turned into an agnostic, if you even believed Christianity in the first place.  And yes, I dislike Christianity, as my sig says. I find it makes a great deal of ignorant, unhappy wretches. Thats simply my opinion of it.  I dislike atheistism. I find it makes a great deal of ignorant, unhappy, sarcastic, moronic, pompous, etc. etc. fools who, as I've already said, sit in forums like this waiting to pounce upon the first person who says "I believe in God."  Oh well, you'll most likely insult me.  Screw you.   Done. :D
Pikeman-  And don't even go around claiming I was not what I once was. I assure you, and if you really wanted to, I can get the confirmation records, etc.  Confirmation records that you were a Christian? Excuse me while I fall out of my chair in uncontrollable fits of laughter. Did your pastor make you sign a paper that said "I, _________, have proudly become a Christian on ________ __, _____"? Or did they take pictures of you talking to Jesus in the youth room?   Seriously though... no, wait, nevermind. *snicker*   Second, a believe in a God and Heaven is FAR easier, by FAR than any sort of skeptical thought in the matter.  Which was this a response to?
I think the subject says all that is needed.
Of course.
Good Lord, grow up. I believe in him, you don't, that makes you feel superior because we believe in the tooth fairy and you don't, blah, blah, blah, invisible guy in the sky, etc, etc. I've heard it all before...a THOUSAND times. This thread is obviously for people who DO believe in God, so take the programmed parrot talk elsewhere.
Why do you say that?
Say what?
Thistown:  Good Lord, grow up. I believe in him, you don't, that makes you feel superior because we believe in the tooth fairy and you don't, blah, blah, blah, invisible guy in the sky, etc, etc. I've heard it all before...a THOUSAND times. This thread is obviously for people who DO believe in God, so take the programmed parrot talk elsewhere.  "One day you're going to realize that you're "evangelizing" and "witnessing" have pushed far more people away from religion then has brought them in."  "You're not telling people about God, you're guilting them and putting them down. You're drawing an imaginary line that separates "us" from "them", and you're cutting yourself off from other people. When Jesus "evangelized" (I believe with all my heart he would hate that word), he made honest friends, not with the purpose to "convert" them. He didn't hand them a track and scare them into being a Christian. No wonder people hate Christians, for God's sake I'm starting to hate Christians."  Maybe you should follow your own advice...  jim:  Yes, God loves Saddam but He hates the way he is acting.
Calligirl: One big difference, I wasn't "witnessing", I made no direct assaults on him personally, about how he was "going to hell", and "wrong". I expressed frustration at the fact when two Christians are debating in this forum about God and someone who doesn't believe in a God feels the need to step in with sarcasm and point out my idiosy and childishness for believing in a God. The only line of division I drew was that I believe in God, he doesn't, a far cry from your division of "I'm going to heaven, you're burning in Hell." Huge difference. Nice try though.  Gilligan: Sorry about that, but it would be like me chiming in with scripture in a history or political debate. The thread title is "Does God Love Saddam?", which denotes the existance of a God, on top of that we were already talking about it. Admit it, you posted that to be facetious. And yes by all means, what good is a religion forum without differing opinions? But post something worth reading...like your second post. No hard feelings, but it seriously sucks when two people are discussing something they believe in and someone inserts the obligatory, "Oh yeah well your god is stupid" comment.
Hitler was christian. Does god love hitler? After all hitler didnt kill the jews himself...
Umm, no Hitler was NOT Christian. He CLAIMED to be a Christian. Here you go: I am a woman. So based on your logic despite all the characteristics of a man I possess I am still a woman.
And we know we could trust Hitler to tell the truth.
Umm, no Hitler was NOT Christian. He CLAIMED to be a Christian.   Yes thats the opinion of many people. Actually I wanted to reserach it when I found out that no one really knew, and it turns out every religion has claimed hitler was appart of a differnt religion. I couldnt find any good sources but I did find this:   http://homepages.paradise.net.nz/mischedj/ca_hitler.html  Not sure if its true or not, and i'm certain everyone will say no to him being appart of their religion, I wouldnt say hes christian, but thats not to say nothing bad has come out of being a christian, god, and the whole heaven deal...  Sorry if I have offended anyone. Still learning, Please Correct me if I have said something wrong or upset you, I can edit it out.
Christianity: religion based in the life and teachings of Jesus Christ; adherance to the teachings of Jesus Christ.  So you're saying that the real definition of Christian is basically "any person who says 'I am a Christian". That's it?
No, they are born into it. Just like me! Never read the bible, never been baptized, go to church on Christmas Eve, yet none of that matters because I believe in god, and really that's all you need. If Hitler Believed in god and was born into a Christian family it makes him Christian regardless of his actions. No one ever asked him if he did believe in god or not... yes I know he did not obey to gods wishes, but if you have a bad child do you say to that child he is no longer apart of the family if he misbehaves?
Calligirl: One big difference, I wasn't "witnessing", I made no direct assaults on him personally, about how he was "going to hell", and "wrong". I expressed frustration at the fact when two Christians are debating in this forum about God and someone who doesn't believe in a God feels the need to step in with sarcasm and point out my idiosy and childishness for believing in a God. The only line of division I drew was that I believe in God, he doesn't, a far cry from your division of "I'm going to heaven, you're burning in Hell." Huge difference. Nice try though.  You told gilligan to "take the programmed parrot talk somewhere else" correct? I was simply pointing out that this statement was kind of harsh coming from someone who had just given me a "verbal spanking" for telling someone that without accepting Christ into their life, they were going to hell. What's wrong with saying that? Do you tell people that, or are you afraid to tell other people that they are going to hell without Christ lest you "offend" any of them? This is an open forum and the word "God" was not defined as the one and only true God from the Bible. Therefore, gilligan was perfectly justified in questioning the existence of God.   No, they are born into it. Just like me! Never read the bible, never been baptized, go to church on Christmas Eve, yet none of that matters because I believe in god, and really that's all you need. If Hitler Believed in god and was born into a Christian family it makes him Christian regardless of his actions. No one ever asked him if he did believe in god or not... yes I know he did not obey to gods wishes, but if you have a bad child do you say to that child he is no longer apart of the family if he misbehaves?  Wow, I have heard so many people say this that it is getting tiring. The reason why you believe this is because you haven't read the Bible. God said that in order to be a Christian you have to accept Christ into your life and ask forgiveness from your sins.   John 3:3-12  "In reply Jesus declared, "I tell you the truth, no one can see the kingdom of God unless he is born again." "How can a man be born when he is old?" Nicodemus asked. "Surely he cannot enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born!" Jesus answered, "I tell you the truth, no one can enter the kingdom of God unless he is born of water and the Spirit. Flesh gives birth to flesh, but the Spirit gives birth to spirit. You should not be surprised at my saying, 'You must be born again.' The wind blows wherever it pleases. You hear its sound, but you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going. So it is with everyone born of the Spirit." "How can this be?" Nicodemus asked. "You are Israel's teacher," said Jesus, "and do you not understand these things? I tell you the truth, we speak of what we know, and we testify to what we have seen, but still you people do not accept our testimony. I have spoken to you of earthly things and you do not believe; how then will you believe if I speak of heavenly things?"
Yes I did tell him to take the programmed parrot talk elsewhere...your point? Has nothing to do with the state of his soul, simply means I've heard it a thousand times.  And no I don't mention hell when I talking to ANYONE, not Christians, and especially not non-Christians. Christianity is based in love, not fear. To scare someone into being a Chritian is wrong.  And 2, I NEVER witness. I think the whole modern concept of evangelizing and witnessing is shallow and fake. Jesus did not witness, he made friends, and not friends with the sole purpose of converting them. He befriended them and then let his lifestyle and action do the rest. The whole present day conception of witnessing has turned into a scorecard, and it makes me sick. "I've brought more people to Christ than you." Ring a bell? That isn't love, that's numbers, tally marks so they can say they've done their "duty" as a Christian. When all that's left is duty, we've fallen on our own swords.
Anyone who finds themselves foolish enough to believe Hitler was a Christian, for whatever reason you want to believe, needs to look up the word 'propaganda.' A lot of you anti-Christians are good at spreading it, though.  rpeed-  yet none of that matters because I believe in god, and really that's all you need.   If you don't believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God, that he is part of the Trinity, and that he died for the sins of mankind, then you are not a Christian. You're probably just Catholic or some other false perversion of the Christian faith.  gilligan-  one does not have to be born a christian...   No one is ever born a Christian.  why did hitler pursue the master race of white protestant...   He didn't pursue the "master race of white Protestant." He was a pure Aryanist, genius one. The very least you could do is get your facts straight, but you probably like spreading this bullcrap on purpose. (Seeing as how you're an atheist.)  if he wasn't christian, his mission was pointless. he was christian. he was going by literal meaning of the bible plus his own views. he was a christian. those who believe otherwise do not knwo their history.  I just love the way you atheists try to pervert the Bible, Jesus, and God into something they're not. It's just sad and pathetic, but funny and amusing at the same time. Let me give you some advice on why you should never say something as stupid as what you said above ever again.   The people who God spoke through in order to write the Bible were FRIGGIN' ARABS, NOT WHITE/ARYAN SUPREMACISTS.    Get some friggin' common sense.
You guys are worse than politicians...emoticon_rolleyes  The reason why you believe this is because you haven't read the Bible. God said that in order to be a Christian you have to accept Christ into your life and ask forgiveness from your sins.    Reading the bible means what now? Yea, maybe you should try and connect with god outside of a book. Yes, just try it, put the book down, go outside and try. I ask forgiveness for my sins, when I sin. You don't sin, you don't have to say sorry.   Anyone who finds themselves foolish enough to believe Hitler was a Christian, for whatever reason you want to believe, needs to look up the word 'propaganda.' A lot of you anti-Christians are good at spreading it, though.   And why would I be anti Christianity when I am Christian?   Oh and by the way to who ever it was who said I don't believe in Jesus, or something to that extent, I never said anything to that extent, you just made up what you wanted and got mad about it. I believe in the teachings of Jesus. Yes I'm betting your asking me how I know about his teachings if I have never read the bible, My mom is someone who has re-read the bible like 6 or 7 times. So she's told me all about it, and what its supposed to teach us.
rpeeb-  And why would I be anti Christianity when I am Christian?  First, that reply you quoted wasn't directed towards a specific person. Secondly, you aren't a Christian if you do not believe Jesus is the Son of God, he is part of the Trinity, and that he died for your sins.   Oh and by the way to who ever it was who said I don't believe in Jesus, or something to that extent, I never said anything to that extent, you just made up what you wanted and got mad about it.  Um, no, you're wrong. I never said you didn't believe in Jesus, and I never said that you have to believe in Jesus to be a Christian. I said that you can't be a Christian if you don't believe Jesus is  1) the Son of God 2) Part of the Trinity 3) And he died for your sins.   Why don't you scroll up and read what I said again? This time a bit more carefully.   I replied to your comments, however, most of what I said wasn't directed towards you.   I believe in the teachings of Jesus.   That's a vague statement.  Yes I'm betting your asking me how I know about his teachings if I have never read the bible,  No, not really...
gilligan-  read previous posts, i was commenting on another comment.  What's your point? One is never born a Christian no matter what the circumstance.  the master race of white protestant was aryan... i just left out these parts ... sorry, i just ddin't knwo you needed EVERY detail.  First, there is no master race. Second, Aryan is not white protestant it's just plain white.   point out my stupid comment.  With pleasure. The first one is the one I just replied to, and the second one was "he was christian. he was going by literal meaning of the bible plus his own views. he was a christian."   Maybe if you actually read my responses to you, you would've actually seen that, though.  i believe you just get angry when soemone doesn't agree with you 100%.  I'm not angry. In fact, I'm laughing at you right now.    i mean jesus christ (pun intended)... look at what you posted in response to "i believe in the teachings of jesus christ.": "that's a vague statement."   Jesus Christ! (Pun intended) That's not anger, I'm saying that he made a vague statement and he should elaborate on it. Someone could believe in some of the teachings of Jesus, but not be a Christian. Someone can believe in everything Jesus said except for him being the Son of God, and not be a Christian.   ... i'm confused ...  ... I'm not surprised ...
gilligan-  aryan was more than, as you put it, "just white"... and as a religion, the mortal enemy of the aryans are jews... you had to be a christian and hitler hated catholics... guess PROTESTANT is the only one left.  The first Christians were Jews. Anyone who claims to be a Christian but hates Jews is a XXXXX. An anti-Semetic Christian is like an oxymoron term. And an Aryan is supposed to be someone with blue-eyes, brown-hair, and light-skin. You don't have to believe in 'Aryanism' to be Aryan, and the mortal enemies of Aryans are not Jews. 'Aryans' may hate Jews, but most Jews aren't bigoted. By the way, Hitler did not like just Jews but others he considered 'inferior' to the 'superior' 'Aryan race.'   Do some actual research instead of pulling XXXX out of the air to conform to your screwed up opinions.  again, you say something and don't back it up.  Aha. That's funny coming from you.   are you stalling for time?   Of course. emoticon_rolleyes  just repeat the answer to why "he was christian. he was going by literal meaning of the bible plus his own views. he was a christian." is a stupid comment.  Scroll up and find the answer. Not that difficult.  personally, i laugh when i'm angry.  k  he elaborate?!?! you elaborate please. all of your responses are trite and meaningless. you just repeat my comments.  Yes! He elaborate first!   If my responses are trite and meaningless, than yours must be equally trite and meaningless considering the time you take to respond to them.
This site has reached an all time low.
I agree.... God loves all people, no matter who they are or what they have done. He hates the sin of the people, but he loves the person no matter what they have done. On the cross he said Father forgive tem for they no not what they have done. He was talking about the people who just beat the XXXX out of Him who spit on Him who pulled out His beared who shoved a crown of thorns on His head and then hung Him on the cross to suffer and die while laughing at Him and gambling on His clothes. I dont know about you but if that were me I would want to kill them slowly while laughing at them. He shows TRUE love.
She's not saying that God let them into Heaven. She's saying that God still loves them.
When you punish someone, you are inflicting suffering on them by spanking them, not letting them out of the house, not letting them use the phone, computer, etc.
Its debategirl88. Im on my friends name right now. Jhust because God loves you, doesnt mean you can go to heaven. You have to get saved first. Like thistown said earler this thread is for the people who believe in God. If Sddam got saved God would wash away his sin to wear he is no longer a sinner but he would still have to live with the sins he did and if he was a true Christian it will haunt him for his life.
But it is still a punishment for actions committed.
Its not punishing for belief its punishing for actions. Its hard to explain, but if you get saved your sin is washed away, it doesnt mean that you wont sin futher it just means that God will forgive you. As most pastors put it, its like a father and a son, God is the father and we are his sons (or daughters), if we disobey are father and we go to him and we admit our disobedience, he will forgive us. If you are not saved he cant talk to or hear you because you belong to sin. Your not a child of God. He will send you to hell although He still loves you and doesnt want you to go. He didnt want you to be a robot though so He let you decide your path. Its your decision how you end up. Personally Id rather not burn in hell and go to heaven and be happy forever.
Jarrod-  it would be full of rapist, murderers, etc., along with Hitler, Bin Laden, and all the other murderers who kill in the name of god. Would I want to goto heaven with them? No. It would be a sad place.   Terrible logic. The first problem is, 99% of the people who truly love Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior are not rapists, murderers, etc. The second problem is, God loving a person and that person going to Heaven are completely different things. It's God's love that allows you to go to Heaven.  Crim-  By what standard does 'love' include causing infinite suffering? Do you intentionally cause suffering to anyone you love?  Sometimes God allows Satan to cause suffering to His people and to Christians in order for them to grow stronger and as a form of punishment. Note that God didn't decide he wanted the Israelites to suffer on the spur of the moment. It was their constant disobedience that put them in the situtations they were in.   Hell isn't even based on actions, but on belief and the people who are sent there do not recieve a lesson nor a chance to correct themselves.  Eternal damnation is the punishment of sin.  It's a punishment for belief (or lack thereof).  Nice twist, however, sin is more than just believing in a different religion or having no religion at all.  Pikeman-  Well, then, by that definition of infinite love, your God would fall far short of eternal loving. You are saying he punishes, for crimes, which he himself defined, and will burn these people, because everyone was damned at the beginning of their existance.   That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. If you have a 12 year old son and you find out he drinks, smokes, does more drugs than you can name are you going to ground him from using phone or are you going to spank the hell out of him? If you ground him from using the phone, you're a terrible father for tapping him on the wrist. In other words, you aren't showing love.   Then again, maybe you think people shouldn't be punished for committing crimes, sins, disobediance, etc.   And to think that the God in question needs someone to acknowledge their presence as their lord and master before this all covering evil falls away,   The only person who can take away your sin is God. No human can ever cleanse himself of his sins, so get over it.  so they must be slaves to this master, to be free, seems like an incredible use of doublethink.  Depends on your definition of a slave, I guess.  and I cannot reconcile the many differing and somewhat contradictory nature of your God. I know this because I tried for a long, long time.   That's because you're to close-minded to think anything through.  May I ask you... would any of you Christians give up your chance at heaven, so someone else could go there?  I doubt many, if any, would.  I can't remember the exact scripture, but it (the scripture) says that if someone will not accept Christ, then don't push them to or something like that... If you need me to denounce Christ to go to Heaven, then I'm sorry, but you're going to Hell.   Oh well. At least from my studying it seems that the Christian worldview is not correct in any way, shape or form. But still, if anyone wants to convince me, please do.  What part of the Christian worldview? A part of the Christian worldview says stealing is wrong, so you must mean stealing is good? A part of the Christian worldview says rape is wrong, so you must mean rape is good? A part of the Christian worldview says sexual immorality is wrong, so you must mean sexual immorality is good?
Crim-  True, but it's impossible to be sinless, so the only deciding factor in your judgement is belief.   Humans cannot cleanse themselves of their sins.   So it would be more loving to severely beat the child...forever?   A person going to Hell is a consequence of sin. God doesn't want it, but he can't stop it.   "Hey Timmy, remember when you were 3 and you wrote on the wall with that crayon? *BAM* *SMACK*"  Writing on the wall and drug use are two different things.   Pikeman-  No, I wouldn't spank the hell out of my child.  I have no right in my opinion. He is his own person.   However, you being the parent are responsible for the care and upbringing of the child. Raising a kid correctly isn't a pastime, it's an obligation that you take responsibility for in having a child.   But if I think my child fully understands the dangers and still does what he wants to, then I will fully allow him to, because he can think for himself.   Very good response. Perfect for what I am about to say, and that is, people decide whether or not they want to go to Hell.   I would either put them in an institute to determine why they committed their crime,   Some people commit crimes on accident, some do it for revenge, some do it out of fear, and some do it for fun.   I'd not punish anyone. I don't think punishment does well at teaching children.  Pain is the best teaching tool.  I'd say stealing isn't wrong (simply because I think that most property is based on birth anyway)  If I came to your house while you were away one night and jacked everything you owned, would you a) come home, find your belongings gone, become scared and upset and call the police or b) come home, find your belongings gone, and not give a XXXX?  I do think rape is wrong, but that is again, my view of things (a lot of others to, but shrug) because it forces someone's will upon someone else and it hurts them.  So then your worldview must be incorrect too...?  However, I cannot really think of any area within the Bible where it explicitly says you cannot rape someone. What it does say is that it is a property crime and you must pay the father for the daughter after she is raped.  Thou shalt not commit adultery. I'm to lazy to look for anyone dealing with premaritial sex. Adultery and premaritial sex are sin, because God says not to participate in them.   I'm sorry, but I don't advocate stoning rapists, and I certainly don't advocate stoning the poor victims of the rape.   You advocate sending them to an alternate universe and then letting them come back to do it again?  Do you mean sexually molesting children? Again, I think that harms and forces something on someone.  What if a 13 year old girl comes up to you and asks for sex, and you agree? Are you forcing yourself on to her?  If the sex is consensual though, and the person fully understands what they are doing, I am completely for letting them do what they want.  Sex is God's greatest gift that allows a man and a woman to become as close together as possible. It's not supposed to be animalistic, freaky, disgusting, etc. Another thing, the reason for sex is so godly offspring can be produced.   Also, if the Christian worldview is against rape, why does Moses say that Yahweh allows the Israelites to take the virgin children of the Midianites captive to do with what they would in Numbers 31?   Well, first, those were Hebrews, not Christians. Secondly, the scripture doesn't say they raped them, it says "keep them for yourselves." That could mean rape, however, I'm pretty sure that was not Moses's intention. Also, the Hebrews considered it impure to lie with non-Hebrew women or men, so if there was any sexual immorality going on it was very small. However, that DOESN'T mean it was justified or right.
My religion is a mix between Christianity, Buddhism and atheism so I have taken what I think is satisfying out of all three and made it into one.  I believe in science, but I beleive it as the way that God created the universe. I think he just gave it a push (the big bang) and is letting it run it's course. Also, I don't believe in heaven or hell, but I do think our souls are recycled after death.   Probably the most wierd of my beliefs is that the person we view as God may be a member of an advance alien race capable of creating their own universes.
I should have said science instead of atheism. My mistake.
Ness, Do you embrace the theology of Christianity, the morals, the ritual? What component?   I believe that science explains the way God created the universe.
Science does explain the way God runs the universe.  Science is rational. The idea of something happening without cause just for the fun of it is not rational. I think religion and reason can coexist. They just don't cuz people like being stubborn. I know alot of Jehovah Witnesses.  They used to come visit me all the time. They didn't come to talk about thier religion tho. They came to play with my baby sister and eat all our food. They are such nice people.
Science does explain the way God runs the universe.  Science is rational. The idea of something happening without cause just for the fun of it is not rational. I think religion and reason can coexist. They just don't cuz people like being stubborn.  Its not about science vs religion really. Religion really doesn't mean belief in a greater being when people are debating science vs religion. Religion has somehow taken on all the attributes of Christianity. So really when debating science vs Christianity, there is a good reason why the two cannot coexist. They contradict each other too many times.  However in the debate of actual religion vs science, there is no question that the two can coexist. No one is going to debate this either because who is to say that one cannot have a religious belief that a higher being created science and that he let the entire universe be dictated by it?  So just realize that it is not people being stubborn that makes it impossible for science vs religion to exist, people are actually just being ignorant and changing the meaning of religion to fit into Christianity which in turn makes their conflict with science.
[QUOTE]Its not about science vs religion really. Religion really doesn't mean belief in a greater being when people are debating science vs religion. Religion has somehow taken on all the attributes of Christianity. So really when debating science vs Christianity, there is a good reason why the two cannot coexist. They contradict each other too many times. So just realize that it is not people being stubborn that makes it impossible for science vs religion to exist, people are actually just being ignorant and changing the meaning of religion to fit into Christianity which in turn makes their conflict with science   I'm a Christian and I love science. In fact, I plan to be a scientist for the rest of my life.  Nothing I learn in a textbook will ever contradict the existence of God, nothing will ever contradict the value of brotherly love in human society and science will not contradict the value of wisdom. Our word 'science' is derived from the Latin 'scientia' meaning 'to know' Science is the search for knowledge. The Christian doctrine is about Love and Wisdom and that's all.  Wisdom can't be without the pursuit of knowledge. So in truth, the Christian doctrine would be incomplete without science.  Ignorance is 'not knowing', if you've been educated you can't choose to go back to 'not knowing' (unless you give yourself amnesia). So people who are taught science and choose to ignore it are being stubborn (unreasonably unyeilding) , they are choosing not to investigate the truth, but to feign ignorance.
I'm a Christian and I love science. In fact, I plan to be a scientist for the rest of my life.  Nothing I learn in a textbook will ever contradict the existence of God, nothing will ever contradict the value of brotherly love in human society and science will not contradict the value of wisdom. Our word 'science' is derived from the Latin 'scientia' meaning 'to know' Science is the search for knowledge. The Christian doctrine is about Love and Wisdom and that's all.  Wisdom can't be without the pursuit of knowledge. So in truth, the Christian doctrine would be incomplete without science.  Ignorance is 'not knowing', if you've been educated you can't choose to go back to 'not knowing' (unless you give yourself amnesia). So people who are taught science and choose to ignore it are being stubborn (unreasonably unyeilding) , they are choosing not to investigate the truth, but to feign ignorance.  I was also a Christian scientist for a while but the two are just too very different when you dig deep into them. Modern science can often show things that contradict the Bible just as the Bible shows things that contradict science. Our science shows that all things happen for a very logical reason and not a spiritual reason. For instance, if I pray for something like a car and suddenly I find a car in my driveway and the keys are in it, science would suggest that the car didn't just appear there because it is impossible for that to happen. However those that believe in the Bible wouldn't be completely surprised that such a thing would be possible and that the car could have just come from God himself. Even the Bible suggests many times that if you pray for something you may recieve it. Science would not suggest that this is so. It doesn't even matter which side is correct in this debate since all I am trying to show is that science and Christianity are not in harmony with each other at all points.  One person I used to debate Christianity vs religion with often used science to explain certain events and for many of his explainations the rules of science needed to be bent and sometimes broken. Such as his explaination for the evidence against the likelihood of dinosaurs being alive at the same time as man which the Bible would have you believe. A 6-10,000 year old earth wouldn't leave much time for shifting of continents properly to explain for patterns of life based on fossils and nor would it leave much time for the creation of oil or the depth at which the dinosaur bones are burried when compared to human bones which are not often found at the depths or show the compressions over time as human bones. Carbon dating explainations ignored, his explainations included strange cosmic forces mixed with the great flood of the Earth. The great flood alone would have needed to break all the laws of physics by creating more water than Earth had while changing the speed of the orbit on Earth and its angle on its axis. He believed strongly that things in the Bible could be proven by science although he needed to fill in the blank areas with some God miracles to make them work.  I have no problem with a Christian also being a scientist although I don't think you can claim that both agree with each other. Critical thinking will show that science and the Bible conflict in many areas and these areas often cause conflict between people of both of these beliefs. A single individual can just decide to ignore these mistakes and believe in both but it is still inaccurate to do so although sometimes fit the will of the individual. However, you do say your a Christian over a scientist. Scientists don't marry a conclusion that is not proven and you have married your idea of there being a God therefore cannot be 100% scientific and logical about it.  I also believe that nothing can contradict the existance of God. Even disproving the Bible wouldn't disprove God. The new argument would become that the Bible is a fraud and was tainted by the enemies of God long after Jesus, son of God, walked the Earth. God will always exist to those who want to believe in him because there is no way to disprove that he exists. One of my favorite quotes about this topic comes from a video game I play: "Man's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me. We long for a caring Universe which will save us from our childish mistakes, and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts. God has not been proven not to exist, therefore he must exist."  Perhaps the belief in both science and Christianity makes you feel safe as it did to me years ago. It helped make my life complete by allowing me to use logic to interpret the known world and faith to avoid fear and doubt and promote hope. It failed in this view only after I tried looking too hard into the truths of the Bible and the psychology of humans. My advice to you is avoid this sort of research if you are happy as you are, because you are right. "If you've been educated you can't choose to go back to 'not knowing'".
The Bible is not a useless story book for the blissfully ignorant.  I am going to show you how the Bible is useful in your life regardless of whether or not it's true.  Your argument brought to mind the story of the Fall of Man :)  When you eat from the tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil you do feel sorow (trust me I know this, most definitely). It is hard to be the one who knows. That is what the Fall of Man story tells us.  Does the actual story have to be true for this lesson to be true? No. It doesn't. But humans eat from the tree everyday and gain sorrow because they can't handle knowledge. Sometimes it's better not to know.Only the insanely courageous seek knowledge. Science will tell you this, too.  My advice to you is avoid this sort of research if you are happy as you are, because you are right. "If you've been educated you can't choose to go back to 'not knowing'  So you are warning not to eat from the tree of knowledge (and research).  You play God I'll play Adam. I know what I'm doing so I'm going to disobey you emoticon_xangel  Just promise not to smite me.   What does the flood story say? First of all, a flood must have happened in the region for so many Mid-East cultures to form stories around it. And maybe a man really [U] save himself by putting himself on a boat with his animals and his wife.  As the archaeologists say: absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. But the story also tells us this: when a man works hard to do well in his every endeavor, when he cares enough to notice the world around him, he will be saved by his own intuition and observation.  Who can disagree with this? Certainly not Science!
The Bible is not a useless story book for the blissfully ignorant.  I am going to show you how the Bible is useful in your life regardless of whether or not it's true.  Your argument brought to mind the story of the Fall of Man :)  When you eat from the tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil you do feel sorow (trust me I know this, most definitely). It is hard to be the one who knows. That is what the Fall of Man story tells us.  Does the actual story have to be true for this lesson to be true? No. It doesn't. But humans eat from the tree everyday and gain sorrow because they can't handle knowledge. Sometimes it's better not to know.Only the insanely courageous seek knowledge. Science will tell you this, too.    So you are warning not to eat from the tree of knowledge (and research).  You play God I'll play Adam. I know what I'm doing so I'm going to disobey you emoticon_xangel  Just promise not to smite me.   What does the flood story say? First of all, a flood must have happened in the region for so many Mid-East cultures to form stories around it. And maybe a man really [U] save himself by putting himself on a boat with his animals and his wife.  As the archaeologists say: absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. But the story also tells us this: when a man works hard to do well in his every endeavor, when he cares enough to notice the world around him, he will be saved by his own intuition and observation.  Who can disagree with this? Certainly not Science!   If this is how you view it than you and I are in total agreement already. The Bible is really a great thing. It inspires people and gives them hope while allowing them to be productive in society. The meanings of the stories in the Bible can be true without the Bible being true. However, as far as Christianity goes, it should stop praising the Bible for being the word of God and just accept that the principles of the Bible are a way of life and not the will of an all-powerful spirit.
Or here's another theory on the origin of religion:  God revealed Himself to mankind through His creation (nature), thus the birth of religion.
The fact that civilizations for thousands and thousands of years have in almost all cases, believed in a god or gods, only reassures me that there must be some sort of "higher being" in charge of our orderly universe that has been revealing himself to mankind for thousands of years.  When an animal stays with it's parent, it has the distinct advantage of being able to copy it's parents behaviour. When this happens the animal for the first time doesn't need all the information and tools to survive in its genes. It can learn from it's parent. Now for an animal to learn from it's parent it needs not to be scared. It needs to be able to trust and vice versa for the parent. You need trust to form a bond. Now the brain rewards for trust. So the offspring that stay with their parent longer learn more, survive better, have more offspring. Now an inevitable consequence of learning from the parent is that the offspring will live with the parent for longer and longer, until at some point the offspring outlive their parent. Now when enough intelligence, ie modern human, has formed to ask the question "Why", "where have they gone". Now this upsets people because people like closure, answers to things. Where have they gone. There's nobody there to tell people. It's the first time. So they think maybe they've gone to a better place. Hence the birth of religion, appease themselves. And we know that people thought about their dead relatives, because 160,000 years ago man was carrying around the polished skulls of what are probably dead relatives. Now that pre-dates modern religions by a very long way.  by religion, i mean modern religion. That doesnt sound like modern religion to me...  Does anyone think that any God needs to exist in order for religion to be practiced all around the world? The answer is clearly no.  No the answer is not "clearly no". You didnt even back yourself up and you claim that it is already proven that your opinion is right.   I have yet to have heard of a religion anywhere in the world that does not include supernatural beings in it. So I cant see how religion could exist without God. And this is irrelevant regardless, because nothing can exist without God.  People inherently will form religions and if God was found to be false, new religions would spring up. Religions originate in the questions and fears of man.  You almost make naturalistic science seem like a religion here. I disagree, science isnt a religion. But according to your definition it is. Some scientists dont believe in God and are seeking answers for their questions about the origin of life and so forth. Does that make a religion. No.
give me your definition of religion then please fallingupwards :)  Religion is the belief in and reverence for a supernatural power or powers regarded as creator and governor of the universe.   There is a difference between revering a supernatural power and revering a sports team or a flag.  However, even this idea is based on a poor understanding of God since even creationists will tell you that they have no idea what God is because they cannot possibly understand him.  Just as a side note, I'm not a creationist. I believe that theistic evolution is quite possible. However, I do not know much about science so I usually avoid debates with other people who are more knowledgable on the subject. I know this debate isnt about science really, but I just thought I would make that clear.  I have to go to my classes now, but I'll be back on this afternoon to respond to the rest of what y'all said emoticon_xgood
Buddhism, for one.  Buddhists believe in spiritual beings inside of everything. I would say that is supernatural.  Every religion that doesn't involve your god exists without him.  I meant to say that a relgion cannot exist without a supernatural being or beings. Sorry about the confusion.  The origin of life is a HOW question, not a WHY question.  If you had chosen to read my posts carefully, you would know that I never accused science as being a religion.
I think that is one way to describe what religion is. In fact you probably got that right out of the dictionary. Here are a couple other definitions found below that definition.  #1: The life or condition of a person in a religious order. --Definition of religious: Having or showing belief in and reverence for God or a deity. --Definition of deity: The essential nature or condition of being a god. --Definition of God: (second definition, not primary) A being of supernatural powers or attributes, believed in and worshiped by a people, especially a male deity thought to control some part of nature or reality. --Definition of supernatural: Of or relating to existence outside the natural world. Attributed to a power that seems to violate or go beyond natural forces.  Translation: The life or condition of a person in an order believing in the existence of a being with powers that seem to violate or go beyond natural forces.  Using this string of definitions, the worshiping of Michael Jordan as a God is valid if I believed he was in control of supernatural powers and therefore would be constituted as religion.  For the flag worshipping scenario I'd have to use this definition of God: An image of a supernatural being; an idol.  Supernatural in that America is a Godly nation, better than any other nation for supernatural reasons and the flag is the idol. In this case the worshipping of the flag would be religious.  Here are two other definitions of religion. #2: A set of beliefs, values, and practices based on the teachings of a spiritual leader.  So if someone claiming to be spiritual were to teach something to people who believed he was spiritual, that would be religious regardless of what the deity was.  #3: A cause, principle, or activity pursued with zeal or conscientious devotion.  This alone is ambiguous enough to make anything religious as long as you really wanted it to be.  So there are many definitions of what religion actually is. Since I don't believe in the Christian God anyways, I can step back and look at people that are in my view worshipping something that doesn't exist. This really affects my view of what is religious since I find it hard to believe that people believe in what they are doing so strongly yet as far as I can tell they are simply talking to the wall and calling it religion. You probably see the same thing with other religions such as Muslim and Buddhist since you will see them strongly worshipping something that doesn't even exist meaning they are essentially doing what is equivalent to talking to a wall and hoping something good will come out of it.  That is religion in my opinion. It is the believe that you are accomplishing something because you believe you are regardless if you get any results. If I believe I am helping my team by praying (strongly hoping) for them to no deity in particular, that is religious. If I am praying to the American flag for America to succeed in a war, that is religion. If I am praying to God in hopes that he will come to me, that is religion. You will agree that the first two are not going to have any affect other than prove that I am worshipping a false idol and your God will smite me. Yet it is in my nature to want to believe strongly in the idea that I am helping by believing. It is the same reason you might pray for a sick person.  Finally, let me reiterate that religion is in the eye of the beholder. Even your definition would be open to the worshipping of Michael Jordan being a religion if a person believed Jordan did create the universe. You may object to their belief but even you would have to admit it was a religion. As I said before, religion is the idea of worshipping a God, not the act of it.  If someone really believed that a flag or Michael Jordan were supernatural, then yes of course it would be a religion.  What I was saying is that in the case of someone "revering" the flag or Michael Jordan, that is not a religion. Know what I mean?  I know this sounds very weird but I actually disagree with the 3rd "definition" for religion: "A cause, principle, or activity pursued with zeal or conscientious devotion." For example, I am a HUGE fan of a band called MxPx and I spend alot of my time and money on that "activity". Is it my religion? No, of course not. Or heres another one: I am a firm believer in the liberal cause and I am pretty much devoted to its principles, but is liberalism by religion? Hell no.
Greek Paganism existed without Zeus, Ares, etc being real beings. To any theist, most other religions started without real gods. To an atheist, all religions started without real gods.  When did I ever say that they had to be real gods? You're putting words in my mouth that I never said. Of course they dont have to be real supernatural beings.  You infered that the study of the origin of life was religious in nature.  Once again, read my posts carefully and you will realize that I was actually saying that by using amd4ever's logic, that science would be religious. But I disagree with amd4ever's definition of what religion is, therefore I do not think that the study of the origin of life is religious by nature. Ok?  ...what?  I dont understand what you are so confused about. Buddhists believe in transmigration of souls through all phases and forms of life. That can be classified as supernatural.
So now you see how a religion can exist without God or atleast without there being a God or anything supernatural in your eyes. I wouldn't put science outside the realm of being a religion either.  For some reason, people have misunderstood me as thinking that a religion cannot exist unless it is worshipping the God that I believe in. I never said that. I did say that a religion cannot exist unless it has some belief in a god/goddess/supernatural force, that does not necessarily have to be real! I dont know how I can make myself any clearer.  When someone actually thinks that Michael Jordan is an actual god, then that is a religion. If they just think he is a really really cool guy and is their favorite athlete on a planet, that is NOT a religion... because they do not think he is a god.  You can also see how people can falsly recognize something as a God even if it is an inanimate object or a human being. It is all a matter of what people want to believe and as you have said people want to believe in a God.  Yes I can see how people can falsely recognize something as a god/goddess/supernatural power.  That is the origin of God.  No that is the origin of some religions, not God. God wasnt created by mankind. Now, of course thats my opinion... :)
Ok, but I think your comment was poorly worded then.  Not really. You just chose not to read the previous posts carefully. But thats fine :)  I was not including human 'souls' as supernatural beings (such as gods).  Souls are spiritual beings, thus supernatural
ebz, When an animal stays with it's parent, it has the distinct advantage of being able to copy it's parents behaviour. When this happens the animal for the first time doesn't need all the information and tools to survive in its genes. It can learn from it's parent. Now for an animal to learn from it's parent it needs not to be scared. It needs to be able to trust and vice versa for the parent... So the offspring that stay with their parent longer learn more, survive better, have more offspring. Now an inevitable consequence of learning from the parent is that the offspring will live with the parent for longer and longer, until at some point the offspring outlive their parent...Hence the birth of religion, appease themselves.  And when are we to expect the birth of the religion of dogs? and of dolphins? of whales and lions?  And we know that people thought about their dead relatives, because 160,000 years ago man was carrying around the polished skulls of what are probably dead relatives. Now that pre-dates modern religions by a very long way. all thats happened since then is the story has been created from generation to generation  Now the man carrying around skulls pre-dates modern religion but does he pre-date "primitive religion?" How do you know that "primitive" man did not have religion?
Chobo Char, Really, it is nothing more than people dressing up their lack of knowledge to make themselves feel secure.  On the lack of knowledge of the religious...Why do people persist in religion being that they have the same amount of information/knowledge available to them as do the atheists? Or do you have knowledge that the atheist IQ is higher than the religious IQ? Perhaps the atheists receive more schooling? Yet private religious schools seem to be better than public schools. Many premier universities are Christian universities. The Catholic Church was the summit of science and art in years past...hmmm  On the insecurity of the religious...they seem to be no more insecure than the average atheist. If you look at both populations then one might see insecurity and security in both.   It is true that one might choose religion to make himself feel secure but this is one example in an entire population. And you would be hard pressed to submit insecurity as a blanket explanation. Could you find it in the many Christian martyrs...Men and women alike...old and young... secure enough to be hung, drawn, quartered, burned, crucified, crucified upside down...with the chance to stop it at any time if they simply renounced the faith? Does not sound like insecurity.
http://www.stephenjaygould.org/ctrl/news/file002.html   your link doesnt work
It is true that people who have higher education tend to not believe in God.  Yeah, the educated "elite" are too smart to believe in God. Only the retards have faith. Naturally, you must belong to this elite class in society. I guess I'm just a retard. Oh how I wish I was as smart as chobo...  C'mon man, that is pretty lousy reasoning. You can do better than that, cant ya? I'm sure you can.  Some of the world's smartest minds believe in God. I actually think that the only reason why this "elite" class of people have less of a chance to believe in God is because they feel that they are too smart to have faith in anything, and that only seeing is believing. That is the true reason. An ego problem. Not because they are "smart". Give me a break.
just because there is a correlation between two things does NOT mean that there is a cause-effect relationship...  the elitist may close their mind to the possibility of God, because they dont want to believe that there is a higher power out there that is greater than them. or they might believe the lie that somehow it is "unscientific" to believe without seeing, or to have faith.
I'll probably get hell from Lurch and Crim for saying this, but I dont care, I'll go ahead and say it. Some things, like the existence of God and the origin of the universe, just cannot be explained logically. Those who are the "most educated" tend (but not always) to believe that everything can be solved through logic and reason. Therefore they are most likely to not accept certain things without actually seeing them. Know what I mean.  There may be a correlation between very smart people and atheism. But like I said, just because there is a correlation does not mean that it is a cause-effect relationship. The intelligence of someone does not necessarily cause their atheism.   There are many things that can cause a disbelief in God. One of which I stated in the first part of this post: tending to depend too much on logic and reason, and ruling out faith.   If intelligence caused atheism, then that would mean that all smart people are atheist. Simply not true. There are many very intelligent Christians, including scientists.  Also if intelligence caused atheism, then that would also mean that all dumb people believe in God. Again not true. I've met some very stupid and unintelligent people who are atheist.
We're not talking about a belief in creationism, we're talking about a belief in God. I've made it pretty clear in other threads, that I beleive in theistic evolution. I'm talking mostly about a belief in God or a "higher power". And like you said, there are several scientists who firmly believe in God
- I've actaully heard this used as an argument before by theists to show that even scientists beleive in God so it must be logical.  Ummmmm no I wasnt saying that at all. There were other people on this thread that were saying that intelligent people dont believe in God. So I was merely pointing out that there are in fact many intelligent people who do in fact believe in God.  This without the obvious possibility that many of these scientists grew up in theist backgrounds and would not simply forfeit their prior beliefs because atheism seemed more logical.  You can also turn this around and saying that there is an obvious possibility that many people may have grown up in a family that was not religious at all and had no belief in God... and those particular people would not simply forfeit their prior beliefs beliefs because theism seemed more logical.  This is off topic, but I think it needs to be mentioned: SilentPoet, you seem to have some personal problem with me and I dont know what it is. Maybe I'm wrong, but it just seems like you are constantly directing your criticism at me, even when there are others who are agreeing with me. Like when you said to "tone it down" earlier, you directed it solely towards me, despite the fact that there were other people who were using just as many ad hominems if not more, than I was.
 When and where did I tell you to "tone it down"?  I'm sorry, you actually said "play nice". Its on the second page. You quoted something that I said and responded by saying "play nice" even though there were alot of other people who were name-calling and such... but its not a big deal, i just took it too personally  Now back to the debate:  Its much more likely to grow up in a theist family than an atheist family. Therfor its more likely for a scientist to have a theist background as opposed to an atheist background.  This may be true, but I think that families who are practicing Christians are a rarity. Alot of families say that they believe in God, but they really arent that firm in their religious beliefs. Its more likely for a scientist to have grown up in a non-practicing "christian" home than an actual christian home. Know what I mean?
It is true that people who have higher education tend to not believe in God. Coincidence? I think not. Just look at other countries who have superior education systems to America and you will see that people there also tend to be more atheistic. The truth is, learning is difficult and requires time and energy. People are lazy and remain in ignorance because that is easiest and most comfortable.  I mean that all of humanity is insecure, and that is why civillizations have always created elaborate belief sytems, to cover those insecurities up. The reason people believe religions is because it is the easiest thing to do. I'm not saying that atheists are any more or less insecure in their beliefs, that's really more of a personal thing.  Chobo, Your link did work for me. Your link shows that some scientists do not believe in God. I would be interested to know the limitations of the studies. It seems to be a small sample size for one thing (1000 in the 1914 study, only 400 "great scientists" were sent surveys with a return rate of 70% so this means that he had 280 responders, the most recent study Nature  cited that they performed included 517 "great scientists" with a 50% return rate meaning they ended up with 258 scientists) . The other question I have is if this population of scientists can be generalized to the entire population of scientists. Are they a diverse sample? That is, are they heavily weighted in biology, chemistry, medicine, genetics, etc. They mention scientists from several fields but I wonder how they are proportionally represented. Can this group of NAS scientists of the latest survey be generalized to the population of scientists in the world or in the U.S. even? What about other variables that might affect the person's beliefs? Could this scientist have had a bad experience with religion as a child? Are there family, emotional, cultural issues involved. My point being, can the survey truly isolate educational level as the sole factor of disbelief? You do have evidence to support your assertion. I'm just not quite sure how strong the evidence is.  Your definition of education also seems to be limited to the scientific realm--and particularly scientists (I understand your reasoning for this). But what if one is highly "educated" in literature or art and forms his beliefs due to his intimacy with the creative work of man. What about medical doctors who are not in research but see the intricacy of the body in their daily patient interactions? Perhaps an engineer may appreciate the incidence of design in the world and relate it to his work and education.   I agree that it is difficult and time-consuming to educate oneself. But you are looking at only one perspective of religion. Often religion requires following a difficult moral code. Sometimes it would be easier to relinquish the faith rather than follow it. It requires time, effort, and sacrifice to do charitable works, including dangerous missionary work, participating in church activities, learning the faith, etc. You may not have been implying this. But I want to make the point that the religious are not couch potatoes hanging out doing nothing. Sometimes religion is an easy, lazy road. Sometimes it is the difficult one. Sometimes atheism is the easy, lazy road. Sometimes it is the difficult one.  Peace.
Can religious views be logical? (This is a sincere question not a smart-alec one)  I am a rational being. Is it logical to assume that a rational entity formed me? (not my parents--on a mankind scale) Is it more logical than to assume that I generated out of inanimate matter incapable of logic? Generated due to "miraculous" odds? I'm not sure what the numbers are. I think the logical sequence is a belief in a higher power rather than a springboard to logic from a primordial soup of nothing.
i would hardly call dogs and lions intelligent as in asking themselves why they are here. whales and dolphins? well maybe they are religious, but we can't communicate with them well enough to ask them, yet?  ebz, The origin you proposed sounded like it could have been taken from the history of any animal. What has set humans apart?
Yes, they can be logically valid but still unsound.  How can we determine the likelihood of any event if the supernatural is invoked?  Crim, I am having difficulty understanding. Can you give me an example of an unsound view reached with logic?  What do you mean "determine the likelihood of any event if the supernatural is invoked?" I did not invoke the supernatural. (Within the framework of this debate) I came up with a belief in the supernatural via natural logic--I am a rational being. I could not have therefore come from irrational combinations of inanimate matter that somehow combined to form rational animate matter. I came from a rational source.
maximus, validity is based more on the structure of an argument while, ermmm, 'soundness' is based on the facts behind it. A valid, unsound argument would be like:  Cats are flying things. All flying things are scary. Cats are scary.   In your post, you refered to a higher power.  Okay Crim. Now tell me if my argument from a few posts back fits into your realm of logical but unsound. Is my argument comparable to flying cats?  Yes, I mentioned a higher power in my post.
You'll have to specify which argument. My response was to your question "Can religious views be logical?"  I posted two versions:  1. I am a rational being. Is it logical to assume that a rational entity formed me? (not my parents--on a mankind scale) Is it more logical than to assume that I generated out of inanimate matter incapable of logic? Generated due to "miraculous" odds? I'm not sure what the numbers are. I think the logical sequence is a belief in a higher power rather than a springboard to logic from a primordial soup of nothing.  2. I came up with a belief in the supernatural via natural logic--I am a rational being. I could not have therefore come from irrational combinations of inanimate matter that somehow combined to form rational animate matter. I came from a rational source.
maximus, validity is based more on the structure of an argument while, ermmm, 'soundness' is based on the facts behind it. A valid, unsound argument would be like:  Cats are flying things. All flying things are scary. Cats are scary.   In your post, you refered to a higher power.   a) Cats don't fly b) Scary is subjective, therefore not necessarily part of logic.  Therefore it is an invalid statement, and that makes your argument unsound.  God revealled Himself to many people... you would discount this as evidence...   "When we read in Bouchet about miracles associated with the relics of Saint Hilary we chan shrug it off: his right to be believed is not great enough to take away our freedom to challenge him. But to go on from there and condemn all similar accounts seems to me to be impudent in the extreme. Such a great saint as Augustine swears that he saw: a blind child restored to sight by the relics of Saint Gervaise and Saint Protasius at Milan; a woman in Carthage cured of a cancer by the sign of the cross made by a woman who had just been baptised; his close friend Hesperius driving off devils (who were infesting his house) by using a little soil taken from the sepulchre of our Lord, and that same soil, borne into the Church, suddenly curing a paralytic; a woman who, having touched the reliquary of Saint Stephen with a posy of flowers during a procession, rubbed her eyes with them afterwards and recovered her sight which she had recently lost... What are we to accuse him of - hum and the two holy bishops, Aurelius and Maximinus, whom he calls on as witnesses? Is it of ignorance, simple-mindedness, credulity, deliberate deception or imposture? .... 'Qui, ut rationem mullan afferent, ipsa auhtoritate me frangerent (Why, even if they gave no reasons, they would convince me by their very authority)  Michel de Montaigne (1533-d.1592) in "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities"   For you to believe in evolution you are a) believing in your own faculties of judgment b) ditto of other people's judgement  Alan Gross in "The Rhetoric of Science" claims that all scientific claims are not, at their base factual - but that they are essentially human constructions that forgo factuality as they move on to express the results from the 'investigation of brute facts' and that when rhetorical analysis is completed on a scientific publication, there is no factual remainder - the discourses of science are wholly rhetorical without remainder - that the claims of science are solely the products of persuasion.  What it boils down to is that you have a core set of beliefs that are true for you and you scoff at people who hold an opposing view... and that your view is in the end based soley on your ability to perceive facts and to rationalise these facts into a model of understanding.  emoticon_confused
Validity is only based on structure, not facts. IF cats did fly and flying things ARE scary, then cats would have to be scary.   It would have worked better had you said birds are flying things, flying things are scary, therefore birds are scary.
I suppose you can see it this way if you wish. However, I believe that it only shows how willing we are to accept that there is a God even if there is absolutely no proof of him. Christianity at least can fall back on the theory that Jesus, son of God, has been to Earth and that he performed miracles in the name of God proving that there is a greater power out there. But before those times there was no evidence or any reason to believe in a God at all yet people did it anyways. (   Obviously there\'s a lot of people out there who\'ve never heard of Moses!
Probably not since almost everyone was dead during the time of Moses.  Wha??  Almost everyone was dead... what happened to them?     (they died, right!)  But recall this "Christianity at least can fall back on the theory that Jesus, son of God, has been to Earth and that he performed miracles in the name of God proving that there is a greater power out there. But before those times there was no evidence or any reason to believe in a God at all yet people did it anyways"  So what about the Jews? They had Moses whom they could 'fall back on" because he'd seen God.  And he's just one of many. Abraham heard God, so I suppose they could 'fall back on him' too. What about any others you haven't heard of? Oh, maybe because "almost everyone was dead during the time of ... 'x' "
lol, oops. I can't believe I got this polite of a response to that post. I didn't even mean to post it. I was going to respond to your post but just ended up typing nonsense to myself and never planned on posting it. My mistake!  I'm going to make an actual post here to make up for that last one :)    That is something that makes Christianity the most believable of all the religions in my view and that is why it is the only one that I consider a possible true religion. There is evidence that the Christian God exists because a man named Jesus lived on Earth and supposedly could perform miracles.  Still I don't think this is enough evidence at least as it stands today. The stories of Jesus are told in the Bible and the Bible I place little faith in because I believe the people who wrote it put their own spin on their writings. I don't think the Bible contains the word of God as much as it does the word of man.  Stories outside the Bible back up the stories inside the Bible in some cases. A man named Jesus who was believed to perform miracles did exist at one time so how can these miracles be explained? Honestly I question how valid the miracles were. The belief people placed in him could have been similar to the believe in Koresh. Koresh of course didn't perform miracles, but he didn't even need to do that to get a following. People back in the day of Jesus were not all that different. I don't think Jesus would have to perform miracles to get a strong following. He would need a good 'PR' guy just as it would seem that he had based on the Bible.  I have no doubt that people believed in Jesus back when he lived, but I question whether he was all that he is cracked up to be. As far as this being the origin or religion as this thread is titled, I would agree that Jesus played a key role in the origin of the Christian religion regardless as to whether he was who we believe he was.  I agree with your conclusion re: Christianity beling believable, just not how you got there.  Islam claims the direct line :phone: from God. (that is unless you count the discounted "Satanic Verses")
You'll have to specify which argument. My response was to your question "Can religious views be logical?"  I posted two versions:  1. I am a rational being. Is it logical to assume that a rational entity formed me? (not my parents--on a mankind scale) Is it more logical than to assume that I generated out of inanimate matter incapable of logic? Generated due to "miraculous" odds? I'm not sure what the numbers are. I think the logical sequence is a belief in a higher power rather than a springboard to logic from a primordial soup of nothing.  2. I came up with a belief in the supernatural via natural logic--I am a rational being. I could not have therefore come from irrational combinations of inanimate matter that somehow combined to form rational animate matter. I came from a rational source.
I've been reading some of Descartes. He presents an interesting argument in favor of the existence of God.   We have an innate idea within us of a supremely perfect being. We also have within us an innate idea of a triangle. It is obvious that the angles of a triangle are equal to two right angles. It is equally obvious that a supremely perfect being possesses all perfections. Existence is a perfection. Therefore God must exist just like the three angles of a triangle must be equal to two right angles.  What are your thoughts?
http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/06608b.htm  Gives a very long and detailed argument for the existence of God.
I think Descartes was a bit of a nut. A great thinker but nutty. I think God exists, not because I believe he does, but because he does. He is very very real to me.  However, I agree with AMD on this one. We cannot prove his existence.   I also believe it is biblical for it to be that way. God wants us to depend on him. To not require any faith in Him would sort of nullify that. Therefore, Idon't think we can prove it.
However, I agree with AMD on this one. We cannot prove his existence.   To agree with this I would first need to know what constitutes proof for you?  I believe in God. I know God exists. I have proof.
To agree with this I would first need to know what constitutes proof for you?  I believe in God. I know God exists. I have proof.  You nor I can prove God's existance to another person.  I believe God exists. I know He exists. In my own life I have proof. Only an individual can find proof for themselves. Neither you nor I are able to prove it to anyone. it requires God's redeeming work in them. That is an act of God. Period!
even if you have these so-called apparations, you still may not know what is going on. you could be seeing things, you could be seeing extraterrestrials, you could be seeing another god. how do you know this "proof" is the existence of the christian god? you don't... or do you? explain your dillusions.  1) What are you talking about? This has nothing to do with the discussion.  2) Learn to spell.
If you had proof then you wouldn't have to believe in God because you would be able to show us God logically. Can you logically show us God? If so then you have proof.  Be careful what you ask for........................
What more could I want other than proof that God exists. It would be a lifes work to accomplish such a thing and would benefit the world more than any single scientific discovery ever made. Lets not be careful! Lets get all the proof we can!  I simply meant that there are some who post that will give you a book in post form trying to prove God's existence.
whoa, sorry... damn...  actually, it does, meaning, even if you have had these feelings of proof, who are you to understand what you are feeling, if you are even feeling them.   You must be very young. proof is not a feeling. I am able to identify my own feelings, you however are not even able to identify anything regarding reality. Please do not engage in esoteric plattitude and rhetoric. If you wish to argue then provide an argument. I see nothing here.
Do you actually think you are feeling anything at all? It is simply a chemical reaction. How can you be sure that your brain didn't get something wrong?   oy, people feel what they feel. Regardless of what the brain gets or doesn't get right. The feelings exist and can be identified. Now, it is possible that our feelings may be caused by "a bit of bad beef" as scrooge said in "A christmas Carol". That is why we should not be ruled by our feelings but rather consider them rationally. They are important to acknowledge and recognize regardless. They do tell us something. What, is debatable.   To say that they may provide false information does not deny their existence.
i don't beleive he ever said the word "feel", but i just realized i read this wrong. i assumed he had proof to show us, but i guess not. only he can feel this proof.  (edit) also, when i said he didn't like me, i didn't mean me in particular, but to him, i am just words on a screen, and it is much easier to dislike someone that way. he dislikes my ideals.  To gilligan.  I do not dislike you gilligan. I do not have a problem with your ideas. Your ideals are unknown to me. I do not like that you make statements over and over and offer no logic or evidence to support your statements. I find that frustrating as It is like arguing with a stone. I offer evidence and logic and you just say no.   Sundowner, Gilligan is correct, it is not about feelings. It is in my life. To show you proof you would have to get to know me over time and then also learn what I was like before I accepted God into my life. The differences might be enough to convince you, they might not. In any case, it is unprovable, it could be evident but it would not be. People have a way of ignoring what is right in front of them. Me included.  Thank you both for looking more objectively.
Descartes had a second argument on why God has to exist (it plays off the first).  We have an idea of what "perfection" is, that is, we understand the concept of perfection. But no mortal thing is perfect. Since no principle can arise from nothing, the principle of perfection had to arrise from something, i.e. a supreme being. Yes, that was Descartes' second proof for God's existence.  For me personally, I think the most convincing proof is the sense of right and wrong that we have. Did a supreme being instill this sense of right or wrong in us? If not then how do we have it? When I have asked atheists this question I have received different answers. Some say that our sense of right and wrong is just a biological instinct. Others say that it's something that society teaches us. If society teaches you that human sacrifice is okay, for example, then it's okay to do it. The Aztecs practiced human sacrifice. That means there's no objective standard for right and wrong. Right and wrong is relative to what society teaches you.
I really don't buy that argument. For one, it doesn't account for differing perceptions on what "perfect" is. How DO you explain that some people think cannibalism is immoral and some don't? The idea of moral relativism answers this, maybe there is no objective morality. OR maybe what objective morality there is flows from some logical premises that can be proven, not a warrentless a priori supposition.  For example, Descartes proved that men exist (Cogito ergo sum). We also know nature abhors a vacuum. If we don't exist, its entirely possible that nothing will, which creates a vacuum, which is antithetical to the workings of nature. ERGO: Our continued existance is good (right to life). From a right to life, we get a corrallary, right to liberty. Your liberty to do what you want to do, so long as it doesn't violate rule #1 (right to life) or someone else's liberty (its long been established that for liberty to exist, liberty must be limited to protect other's liberties).  Logical proof, independent of God, that we have morality, that answers for different moral perspectives (as logic isn't something that comes easily to many humans).  Just for perusal. This article is long but is by a philosophy prof. http://www.dwillard.org/articles/artview.asp?artID=42
When I was in college a particularly difficult physics professor gave us the task of proving the existance of the wind. Interestingly enough, it cannot be done. You cannot see it, you cannot catalog it, and you cannot touch it. You cannot measure it, though you can measure its effects. you cannot write any proof for the existance of the wind. While many people may argue that you CAN proove the existance of the wind by observing its effects, this is not really a valid way to a proof in physics. In the end, it comes down to faith. We can see the effects of the wind, we can feel the effects of the wind, so we believe it is there.   I think when trying to prove the xistance of god, you are in a similar situation. You cannot see god, you cannot measure him, though some claim they can feel his presence.   Personally, I believe in god, and I feel a little sorry for those who don't. Faith in something bigger than yourself, bigger than all mankind, can give you something to hold onto when there seems to be nothing else.   Personally, I believe in god because sometimes he talks to me. It is like a little voice in the back of your head that gives you nudges inthe right direction (sometimes the voice is not so little). Maybe I am schizo. Maybe it is my subconscious. Personally, I believ it is god. I have never gone wrong heeding that little voice, though I have often walked right into a heap of trouble when I have ignored it.   Anyway, that is my proof. I don't expect it to convince anybody but me, but there it is.
Good post unkerpaulie.  For those who do not have a Bible handy: http://www.cforc.com/kjv/Hebrews/11.html  Yet even if we have the greatest hope and faith; if we do not have charity - we are nothing. (1 Corinthians 13:13 and 13:2)  I have reprimanded myself lately for leaving charity on the table.
In fact I would say it's pretty much a pre-requisite for mere human senses to be unable to detect somthing such as God. True.  Wait, I said I wouldn't talk to you after that personal attack on my brain....  You tricked me...but I should have known it via attention to your avatar. emoticon_cool
Not that I have one any more. Hrumph. emoticon_frazzled  Sucker!!!  me too... :p
What do you guys believe in, and why? Back up your beliefs, por favor. I'm gonna start off with something extremely general to **** some people off and get it started. Remember, this is just to get it started, i will explain myself agaisnt others later.  I dont believe in God, or at least not in the way that seems correct to some people. Any objections?  [Oh yea, and i am new to THESE boards, how do you create smilies and how to you do quotes at the bottom of your posts and how do you make quotes from other people (Bold and italics?)?? (Note: This is just a general question, not really part of the debate. Thanks! ^_^)]  I believe in God as he has worked in my life. I have no objection to your particular belief.
I am certain that there is Supreme Being because I don't think order can arise from disorder without intelligent assistance.
I believe in a God because it's only logical there is one.
 Why is it logical? Who created god? Just because something may sound logical doesn't mean that it actually is. Without hard evidence to eventually back it up logic is only a mind and word game and not evidence in and of itself.  God always existed because in his dimension there is no time (so no beginning or end, it always is). I am already debating this in a separate thread, Does God Exist?.
Who Created God? Who said that the universe was ordered? It may only appear to be ordered from our limited perception of it. Have you ever heard of Chaos Theory? And if it is ordered, who ordered the so-called intelligence you spoke of?  God did not need to be created because time did not exist before the big bang singularity according to modern theoretical physics.  If time did not exist then words like 'beginning' and 'end' don't make sense.   As far as chaos theory goes:  A butterfly flapping it's wings in Tokyo can cause rain in New York. This implies that all things are connected. While all things may not follow a particular set of rules, they do have placement and succesion and that's what I mean when I say order.  And Chaos theory does not mean that all things work on thier own and that complete understanding is hopeless: modern physicists are still searching for the Grand Theory of Everything.  They know that the Chaos is not absolutee: all things can be understood which means that they were formed by an intelligent being with intelligible thoughts.   Also,  "Randomness in nature is not proof that there is no God, it is impossible to prove conclusively that what appears to be random really is random... and even if the universe did arise from chaos a believer could reasonably argue that God elected chaos as best suited for that purpose" (Timothy Ferris/The Whole Shebang/ p.310)   Besides AMD4EVER no one in this forum has mentioned the Bible as evidence of God.
 You have no real grounds for your belief, it is not logical at all. The way you are misusing logic is like this;  I love it! He assumes I am a Christian, even though I in no way even mentioned Christianity in my argument.  Since you sound like your about twelve, let me explain a bit more. Christianity and God are separate. I do not base my belief in God because of Christianity. I base my type of God on Christianity. But what am I trying to prove to you? I am trying to prove that there is a God, not that there is a Christian God.
How could anything exist outside of time? How would it tell the difference and why would it want to? And why would it be the Christian god? And if so why would it allow people to worship different gods before it? As religions go Christianity is quite young, and compared to others even Judaism quite young as well. I seem to remember hearing that Hindism is the world's oldest living religion. I'm not sure though. Actually, there was no Big Bang. It was more of a Big Expansion.   True, it was not a big bang. I realize this, but since it is the common term I made use of it.  No one mentioned Christianity or Judaism until you did. Since you brought it up Christianity is about love, goodness and faith. So is Judaism.  These religions only deal with the human plight: they are not scientific theories, they are not arguments.   QUOTE]There is nothing to say that the universe itself couldn't have always existed as well and goes through cycles of expansion and collaspes over and over again.[/QUOTE] Where does this idea come from? I have never heard it before. The Big Expansion theory is the only explanation I know of.  Besides if the universe has always existed than why hasn't it heated up from all the stars? Why isn't the light from the stars reaching us twenty-four seven?  You're saying that believeing in God is illogical. I'm showing you that it's not. There are scientific ideas that prove that God could exist and that belief in God is not illogical.
Its true that they preach these things, but only in theory, usually not in practice. But then again from my experience most theists have a strange and limited idea of what love is. What some people do has nothing to do with what the truth really is. It is a common theory. It is where the universe expends for a time and eventually gravity catches up with it and then cuases it to collapse into a single point again. I think I may have read of this somewhere. Still, it does not explain where the universe came from. In order to be expanding it needs a big expansion something to force it outwards.  How about applying your question to your god. Why hasn't your god heated up and bloated out everything that we could see him/her/it 24/7? I don't get your question. My point was that if the universe was eternal, the stars would have heated up the universe by now, in fact, this question was what caused the big expansion theory to be formed.  By the way, the man who first expressed the big expansion theory was a Jesuit priest  named Georges Lamaitre. Also, if the universe is eternal, why hasn't everything happened already?  It is as logical as believing in the tooth fairy. "I know that I put a tooth under there before I went to sleep. Now there is a coin. It must be the tooth fairy since that is what my parents told me and they wouldn't lie to me..." I never really belived in the tooth fairy. Or Santa Clause, or the Easter bunny. I enjoyed hearing the stories but, I never really excepted them as real. The concept of a Prime Mover of the Universe is much bigger than a coin under a pillow.  You say you do not believe in the Christian God but, you still belive the uneducated Christian people who tell you that God is some magical being who lives in the sky but, that is not what God is. The concept of God is a concept that makes alot of sense.  What doesn't make sense is believing that time and strings and quarks, and neutrons and protons could just arise from oblivion.
Well according to him I'm 13. But he's not far off.   With you I'm just being a jerk when I say you're 13. You're really 14, correct? However, I'm completely hoenst when I say I believe gilligan's 12.
God did not 'come' from anywhere, time did not exist before the big bang so God does not have a beginning. Life outside of spacetime is stagnant there is no time. Space and Time are tangled up, this is what modern physicists believe.  The universe is spacetime. So if the Universe did not exist neither did time.   There is one school of thought that says that time is a loop with no real beginning or end. Maybe everything has happened. Whatever everything is  Yes, but remember space and time are connected. The Universe is spacetime. So saying that the universe is in a time loop is the same as saying that space is static and has been here always which is not very probable considering the findings made by physicists in the past century.  I've heard creationists use the same question when they also try to disprove that the universe is around 15 billion years old instead of their 10,000 years.   The answer to that argument is that the Universe is expanding, so light does not heat up the Universe, that is also why we have not reached a thermal equilibrium and observations of background radiation have shown that the density in the Universe was once 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons per cubic inch, meaning that the matter in the Universe was once on top of one another in the 'primeval atom' Lamaitre talked about.  If you want to disgagree take it up with Stephen Hawking, becase i got this from his book. Besides, What does thier argument have to do with my argument? I never said the Universe was only 10,000 years old. You said the concept of God is illogical, I say it's not. I say that there is plenty of evidence of God. I'm not talking about a Hebrew war God here. I'm talking about the only God there is, a Supreme Being who governs the Universe and who is only concerned with the make-up of the Universe, of which we are a part.  You haven't presented any evidence against God. All you've been using are 'what ifs' and posing ad hominem arguments against Christians.  It makes more sense than what you believe which is "Puff, GODDIDIT!". We can show that these things exist, we can't show that god exists. Define oblivion in this context? Is it a place without time and form? Isn't that where you say you god came from? You can believe that your god came from nothing, or has existed forever, but you can't accept the same of the universe. The difference is that the universe is easy to prove its existence, it is not so easy to prove god's existence.  You believe in god because you want to, not because of any real evidence. Read my thread "Why People want to believe there is a god." and you'll see this.   Do you have any proof that God is a figment of the imagination? So far the only God you've been debating about is the traditional Pentecostal or Catholic God. You seem to think that the only God people believe in is the God they taught about in Sunday school. I don't think you know why people believe in God (or gods). I'm talking about a Prime Mover, a God of quantum mechanics, a God of chaos theory, a God that can be understood.  You keep mentioning these people who just believe. But I 've seen many different religions and I can tell you there are people out there who know rather than believe. They understand everything, biology, astronomy, ecology, physics. And they are not on some personal vendetta against a certain religion.   oblivion- n. the condition of being forgotten or unknown.  In other words the universe came from an understandable origin.   I find that hard to believe. Not even as a small child? I was an eccentric child. I still am.
why are you so sure you know form whence god came? i believe, that if there is/was a god, then we have no knowledge of anything related ot him, so your "evidence" is rubbish. it's all theory, like science, except science is to explain what we can percieve, not speculation on what we want.  You are right. Science is to explain what we percieve. I think you skipped htis part of my post. observations  of background radiation have shown that the density in the Universe was once 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons per cubic inch, meaning that the matter in the Universe was once on top of one another in the 'primeval atom' Lamaitre talked about.  If you want to disgagree take it up with Stephen Hawking, becase i got this from his book  This is my post. It talks about microwave  observation  (or perception) that indicates that the universe was once a primeaval atom. Which part is speculation?
Who told you this? If that is true then how would god tell the difference if one moment is exactly like any other moment? If you're in the same instant for an eternity how would you tell the difference? It is quite illogical. Stephen Hawking's the Universe in a Nutshell, chapter two page thirty five. I dare you to write a letter to Stephen Hawking and tell him his ideas are illogical. That is one debate I'm certain you'll lose.   Unless the universe has always existed in a repeating cycle of expansion and collapse. General relativity does not allow for that. Now you're arguing with Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking.    Maybe, maybe not.   Now whose ignoring reason?   It still agrees with what I'm saying. :p No, it doesn't. The microwave observation shows that th Universe was once n one little tight ball. The microwaves shows that all the matter in the Universe was once in one tight seed. It used to be trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion tons per inch dense.  What this means is that the Universe was packed tight just like Lamaitre said it was.    I had said that that was the same arguement used by creationists to dismiss an old universe. And it is. Okay. Put that fascinating little tidbit in the fascinating sidetracks file.   I haven't as of yet seen you present any credible, verifible, or unbiased evidence to back up what you are asserting. You haven't? You said that the existence of God is illogical,  I'm showing that according modern physics, it's not so unlikely after all.  Same god.  What characteristics do they share? The Hebrew war God was only concerned with the Jews. The true Surpreme Being of the Universe is concerned with the entire cosmos. The Hebrew War god was on a homicidal rampage throughout Jewish history, The supreme Being I'm talking about sits back and allows humans to deal with thier own affairs. Go makes nature, God deals with the Natural. Man created poverty and war and money and real estate, man deals with those things.  The difference between the real Prime Mover and the Hebrew God is enormous. YOu just assume they are the same because the Sunday School God is the only God you know about.   You forget than I'm an agnostic and that there can be no evidence either way. The burden of proof is not mine, it is yours. It seems to me that your leaning to the atheist side without reason to do so. Religion from thee latin word for reconnecting as in reconnecting with God. You are determined to prove there is no God, but you arguing against religion. You can't argue against religion because religion is a matter of opinion.  People create god in their own image. You're no different.   I can tell you have not studied many religions. Because every refernce you make to God is about your typical Sunday School God.  I have been to Buddhist and Taoist temples, I have been Catholic Methodist and Non-denominational, I have studied Wicca and Paganism.  Everything i heard from these people was opinion. Not actual fact. If you want to learn something about God, you should not look at any kind of religion. Instead look at nature. Look at quantum mechanics and self-similarity. Study the Fibonacce sequence and Koch's curve, understand relativity.  People did not create God in thier image.  God mmade everything in It's image. It drew a picture of itself and humans just evolved and adpated to everything else.  Understandable by whom?   By humanity, of course  The Universe came from somewhere undestandable by humans meaning we can trace the Univere's history back until we come a 'day without yesterday' then we can understand where it came from. The Big bang is not above the human understanding.   Apparently. :) Abnormality rocks! emoticon_xagree   And nothing indicates anything either Charchuk or Gilligan has suggested. No modern Physicist has found evidence to support those two ideas.  That's the gist of what I'm saying. You claim believing in God is illogical, but I have shown that it is not.  I have pointed out that a Supreme Being could exist.  sounds as plausable as saying god is and always has been, although, atoms are more logical than a fairy that praises or damns you after death.  What sounds plausible is irrelevant. What is plausible is more to the point.  By the way, neither of you have listed any sources.
 The answer to that argument is that the Universe is expanding, so light does not heat up the Universe, that is also why we have not reached a thermal equilibrium and observations of background radiation have shown that the density in the Universe was once 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons per cubic inch, meaning that the matter in the Universe was once on top of one another in the 'primeval atom' Lamaitre talked about.   Just as an aside, heat requires a medium for transmission. The majority of space is a vacuum, therefore it does not transmit heat. However, light does transmit heat in the form of radiation when it hits something.
Just as an aside, heat requires a medium for transmission. The majority of space is a vacuum, therefore it does not transmit heat. However, light does transmit heat in the form of radiation when it hits something.  Yes space is a vaccum but, there is stuff in it. All the planets and asteroids and debris would heat up If the Universe were static the light from all the stars would touch all the planets at all times and things would get sweaty. We'd eventually reach a thermal equilibrium everything would be the same temperature.
 i bet you do. you get real heated and defensive when i say something you don't want to hear. it's quite comical.  Do you honestly want the truth? I don't think you'll like it. No, I do not get up set. I literally laugh out loud in most of your statements, because they are ridiculous.
Parcum:  Long time no debate. I think your signature line is a bit over the top. Funny, but over the top.
oh, he's got the quote right, he just failed to mention i was speaking of the fetus.  Oh, I know what you were speaking of. And I know he got it correct. I still think it is funny. But am trying to communicate to Parcum that perhaps that is not the best way to engage that topic again.  I followed that debate for a while. I actually think he got you on that point in particular. I haven't decided on the other parts of the debate.
Go outside of the Earth's magnetic shield without protection and see how long it takes you to fry. :)  What are you 6?  You will actually freeze. It is very cold in space. Ever watch apollo 13? They nearly froze. Heat requires a medium for transmission. it si a physical reality. Period. When you have studied physics let me know.  Lastly, Mysterium gave you book and page number on Hawkings comments on God. You simply say that you know for a fact that he does not comment on god. Now you are just lying. He makes comments on god in his book "A Brief History of Time" One of the things he says is that his particular condition (Lou Gehrigs Disease) gives him a great deal of time to contemplate god.  I have also read a brief History of Time. I have also read schoedingers cat and I have studied relativistic and quantum physics. And you?  It seems you have been caught in a contradiction.
Actually the side facing away from from the Sun will freeze solid, but the side facing the Sun will boil, but you'll only have to worry about for a short time since you'll explode from lack of pressure. :)    I had heard that he no longer makes such references anymore from the biography on A&E. They got him into too much trouble. :)  Though, I found this passage in the ebook version of the book which meantions what I had said about the universe running in a cycle.  It is in Chapter 12 : Conclusion  Similarly, if the whole universe recollapsed, there must be another state of infinite density in the future, the big crunch, which would be an end of time. Even if the whole universe did not recollapse, there would be singularities in any localized regions that collapsed to form black holes. These singularities would be an end of time for anyone who fell into the black hole.....     I have touched on them a little.  quite correct on the freezing/boiling bit. However, it is not heat that is transmitted. The light energy will be quite hot, but only from the light. It is not heat radiated through space. Plus, boiling actually occurs due to lack of pressure as does the explosion of all blood vessels in a very short time.   Still, note my apollo 13 example. The capsule was freezing. Even though a part of it faced the sun. That is because heat requires a medium.   I don't actually know what Hawking believes, but I do know that he contemplates god.
Only in what others interpret on what the universe is. His primary goal was not to find god, or even to prove god's existence, but to find out how the universe "works".  Finding out how the Universe works is key in finding out about God.   Stephen Hawking would agree I think because he said: "If we do discover a complete unified theory(of the Universe) , it should be in time understandble in broad principle by everyone not just a few scientists. Then we shall all, philosophers, scientists and just ordinary people be able to take part in the discussion of the question of why it is that we and the Universe exist, If we find the answer to that, it would be hte ultimate triumph of human reason- for then we should know the mind of God. Obviously, Hawking does not feel that the concept of God is illogical any more than I do.  So therefore there can't be a heat death from a too old a universe.   "If the Universe was static and infinite in every direction, every line of sight would end in a star, which would make the night sky as bright as the sun" The universe in a nutshell pg 73 The Universe is not static, it has not always been here. There was very probably a first cause.  Einstein didn't agree with Quantum Mechanics either.   "He (Einstein) thought that the Universe might have a previous contracting phase, with a bounce into the present expansion at a fairly moderate density. However, we now knw that i order for nuclear reactions in the early Universe to produce the amounts of light elements we bserve around us, the density must have been at least 10 tons per cubic inch and the temperature 10 billion degrees. Further, observations of the of the microwave background indicate that the density was probably once a trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion tons per cubic inch. We also now know that Einsteins general theory of relativity does not allow the universe to bounce from a contracting phase to the present expansion. As will be discussed in chapter 2, Roger Penrose and I were able to show that general relativity predicts that time has a beginning, although he was never happy with the idea.  The Universe in a Nutshell Chp 1 pg 23
Or that god isn't needed tp explain the universe. I don't think what the Universe has shown us . I think it's too complex to be an accident. Or else he was just speaking metaphorically.   Highly unlikely, considering the number of times he mentions God (in relation to physics) in his book "The Universe in a Nutshell" Obviously, I love this book. i like that it is neutral. It seeks to prove nothing it just lays out the facts and predicts what should come next like any good scientific work should.    probably. A first cause without a cause? Is this what you're telling me? Do you think there was a first cause that just happened without reason? If time has a beginning than so must god. Without time there is no change. "According to St. Augustine, before God created the heaven and the Earth, He did not make anything at all. In fact, this is very close to modern ideas. In General relativity, time and space do not exist independently of the universe or each other... It is quite conceivable that time defined in htis way, within the universe, should have a minimum or maximum value- in other words and beginning or and end. It would make no sense to ask what happened before the beginning or after the end because such times would not be defined." Stephen Hawking again in his book The Universe in a Nutshell Chp2 page 35 So if General relativity is correct (and countless experiments say it is) then time and space are inextricably connected and defined by measurements within  the Universe (like inches and seconds) time and space outside the Universe would have no definition. Since God created the Universe then, God must exist outside of the Universe and has no time because according to General relativity (which is supported by countless experiments) time and sppace are inextricably connected and do not exist separate of one another. This is hard for us to grasp since we live within the Universe where there is time just as it is hard for us to grasp the concept of nowhere.    "He (Einstein) thought that the Universe might have a previous contracting phase, with a bounce into the present expansion at a fairly moderate density. However, we now knw that i order for nuclear reactions in the early Universe to produce the amounts of light elements we bserve around us, the density must have been at least 10 tons per cubic inch and the temperature 10 billion degrees. Further, observations of the of the microwave background indicate that the density was probably once a trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion tons per cubic inch. We also now know that Einsteins general theory of relativity does not allow the universe to bounce from a contracting phase to the present expansion. As will be discussed in chapter 2, Roger Penrose and I were able to show that general relativity predicts that time has a beginning, although he was never happy with the idea.  The Universe in a Nutshell Chp 1 pg 23  This is what I've posted before concerning the expansion and collapse of the Universe.
So therefore there can't be a heat death from a too old a universe.   Actually, I don't know the answer for sure on this one. I believe (from my physics classes) that the universe is much more likely to die cold, not hot. Heat is being lost from kinetic to potential energy all the time. It is Kinetic that makes heat.   Isn't heat (Caused by IR or microwaves) just another form of radiation? Light is a form of radiation that does produce heat when it contacts a body. Heat (increased temperature) requires a medium (law of physics) to be conducted. Space is very cold. Apollo 13 folks had temperatures in the area of water freezing during part of the return voyage. One of the crew had a cold and was having a tough time because of the cold. Light itself doesn't have heat. It's radiant energy causes the electrons in other objects to become more excited. It is the movement of these electrons which produces greater kinetic energy and heat. In a vacuum there are very few electrons relative to the empty space and therefore heat is not transmitted. Light radiation produces far less heat than the heat necessary to produce the light. Shine a light on a thermometer for a while and measure the increase in temperature. Then turn on the stove until it gets red (light production) and measure the temperature. I would say do this with the filament of the light bulb (which would be more proper) but if you broke the glass of the bulb the filament would burn up rapidly.   Only in what others interpret on what the universe is. His primary goal was not to find god, or even to prove god's existence, but to find out how the universe "works".  Agreed, it was not his primary goal to find god or to prove god. However, He does consider God. The point being, he is willing to consider the possibility.
So, it could still oscillate over great expanses of time and noit produce the heat death which some assert?. Correct. Ask any physics professor if a medium is needed to transmit heat.    Dispite its name a cold isn't caused by being cold. It is caused by a virus. ;) . I am well aware of that. My point was not that it causes a cold but can make one worse which it did. Have you seen the movie or read the account? You will find it educational and very exciting.    I remember reading somewhere that if a body were suddenly exposed to space, without protection, that the side facing the Sun would boil and the side facing away would freeze. Plus, the thermal shields on the shuttle aren't just to protect the ship on takeoff and re-entry either. They protect the side which faces the Sun as well from the heat. Space itself doesn't produce, or absorb heat, but any object in it can absorb it and thus "heat up". An example is when you go out on a "sunny" day. the "heat" you are feeling is actually ultraviolet and IR as well as other "harmful" radiation. A sunburn in reality is a radiation burn as if one walked into a nuclear reactor. The Earth's megnetic field and O-Zone layer is all that is protecting us from getting fully "cooked". Mars doesn't have a strong megnetic fiel or O-zone layer. At a few inches off of the surface it would be a comfortable temp for us, but above that in the day it is quite high, and at night quite low. Enough to roast and freeze any unprotected life..  You are correct here. However, please note below, my argument that points out the the heat necessary to produce the light is far less than the heat produced by contact with llight.   The boiling is caused not just by the minimal heat produced by the light but by the actual lack of pressure. The pressure on the inside is much higher than on the outside. A similar thing happens when divers ascend to quickly, the nitrogen in their blood simply boils out.   Maybe, not that is most likely in context.  I will need to read this again to comment on this.
I believe in Religion, Albert Einstein once said the more he studied the solar system the more he believed in a higher power. I mean we all didn't get here from nothing; the solar system didn't just create itself did it? If you believe the solar system created itself then you're more screwed up than most think you are.  My reasons for believing in religion are as simply put as night and day, Religion is what keeps us at peace; if we follow the rules of the bible "catholic bible" we really would not have many problems in the world today. Problem today is we have too many that want to change the rules "liberals" and when they see something that is going to stand in the way of what they want to accomplish, there going to try and separate Religion from State and corrupt the world even further if its accomplished.  Ask anyone that believes in God and goes to church, how to you feel about yourself in general? What is your opinion of who you are? Then ask an atheist the same questions and compare notes. The only way to be truly happy in the world is "faith" easy as that. Its always easier in life to be bad than it is to be good.
I love it! He assumes I am a Christian, even though I in no way even mentioned Christianity in my argument.  Since you sound like your about twelve, let me explain a bit more. Christianity and God are separate. I do not base my belief in God because of Christianity. I base my type of God on Christianity. But what am I trying to prove to you? I am trying to prove that there is a God, not that there is a Christian God.  It's the same thing if you ask me. God isn't evil is he? Then he must be a Christian right?
I'll give you a few of my own thoughts and give me yours  I just about walked a ditch in the floor trying to comprend how one can exist neither born or created. How is it that something always was..... I finally realized there are somethings in this life that are beyond comprehension and that infinite status is one of them   God is a sacrifical and merciful spirit and from touching him I found him to be so Holy you just want to cry- not tears of saddness but of joy   He was not stressed He is a spirtual being that is in the past, present and future   I also found him to be life itself; exhibit a sense of humor; unpredictable except he won't tolerate sin( a constant)    He is also a wonderful artist who can make his art live  He is compassionate, peaceful, forgiving, and with a blissful burning love unlike humans  He is worthy of praise, and worship, and honor.  After feeling his heart I finally understood why the twenty and four elders bow and why the Saints die for the truth
=Ninjita]Can you elaborate?    Although I'm just a mammel I'll sacrifice my life for him.     You know, maybe explain why he is worthy of praise and honor.   Somethings words can't capture   What tells you he has a sense of humor?  Part of his personality   How did you come to know him so well in the confines of reality?   I went looking for him.    I have yet to hear anything from god and my faith is dwindling.   Mabey you should start by capitalizing the G     Either that or my intelect has outgrown my faith, whether its a good thing or a bad thing.    Can your intellect explain infinity...such a tasty word  The truth is out there...  And amongst us  Edit: Yea, shouldnt this be in the religion section...?  Perhaps
=blackhawkflyer]"God' is a figure that humanity created so that life would not be dull adn so that we would have reasurance(sp) that there is an after life 'God' is a symbol of how sad and corrupt humanityt really is, think about it, god is supposed to be a being that created this world that gives you hope and that causes miracles, but where was "GOd' during semptember 11th where was "God' when 3000 people lost there lifes because terrorists decided that they shold fly a plane into the Twin Towers. where was god when the columbine shootings occured where is god for the soldiers who are losing there lifes in Iraq. I ask you where is this almighty force.     And where was Satan? Slithering from the scene of every crime...
God, literally, is goodness.
=sundowner]God is whatever YOU, the INDIVIDUAL, believe it to be.      Sounds like you never met him, but you will( ultimately) either for salvation or for judgement.
Rapture: You misrepresent God.  God is logical. God hates sin, sin put his son on the cross. God loves mankind. God is love. God is Good.  The question is not what is God but who. In my opinion, the bible is God's revelation of himself to man. I could post several things like above, but God went to great lengths to define himself. He revealed himself in creation, He revealed Himself in His Son, He revealed Himself in His written word.   None of those things will make you believe. I cannot convince you nor will I try here. If we look at anything without seeing it all we miss some of who God is. We will not see God perfectly due to the fact that we are limited creatures and he is an unlimited creator.   Rapture, do not misrepresent God. He is worthy of praise, but that is something that must be encountered out of love for Him. Otherwise it is obligation not praise. It would be like me going home to my wife on our anniversary and handing her flowers and saying, "I bought these for you because it is our anniversary and it is what I am supposed to do." I would have a large bump on my head where she hits me with the vase.  The point, an individual must come to that place for themselves. We can educate, but must be careful in what we say. It is wrong to force a person to an immediate decision or to even attempt it. God died on the cross to give us the choice to accept him or not. Not to force us to accept him. If he wanted to force us to accept him he could have done that at creation without need for the cross.
I know, you him and satan have regular lunch dates and play golf 2 times a week. You don't seem to understand the statement I made.    Because the statement makes no sense
=Ninjita]Rapture, you make no point and push me further and further away from belief everytime you speak. I have seen other posts by you and each one has a similar effect. You do not help your cause.   And what would that cause be?   In fact, that is one of the few things you can be excommunicated for by the Catholic church, steering people away from Christianity. I don't know if you're Catholic but i know your god doesnt appreciate it.      Does that mean I don't have to bow to a mammel and address him by Holy Father?  Amen!.....    Yea, you really didn't answer any of my questions...  I just didn't elaborate
Great post Epaphras, even from my point of view...but didn't jesus die on the cross? Does jesus = god?  Yes, Jesus died on the cross. He rose again. His sacrifice was deemed acceptable. His ressurrection is what shows that the sacrifice for all was acceptable. Jesus is God.   The christian viewpoint is that God is three persons but one God. God the father, God the son, and God the Holy Spirit. All God, but all separate. A tough concept as it seems paradoxical.   God the father sent God the son to be a propitiation for the sins of the world. He was crucified of his own free will. The christian perspective is that man is born with a sin nature because we were all "present in adam" and therefore participated in the first sin. The concept is like saying that even if it was me there then I would have done the same thing that Adam did.  We lost our ability to choose God at that point. Man lived in a sin nature. However, Jesus made it so that we could once again choose. The question then arises as to how was it that old testament folks chose and were declared righteous (Abraham for instance)? The explanation is that the cross works both forward and backward in time. God is God after all and is "outside of time" for lack of a better phrase. Not completely accurate but difficult to put into words for full accuracy given the infinite nature of God. The sacrifice of Jesus was to give a choice. God never subverts a man's free choice. He simply gave us something that we had lost.   God wants our love and devotion. He does not want our right behavior. He would like that but only if it comes from love. Love that is not freely chosen is not love, it is obligation.
i'll say it again: "these posts are all VERY 'convincing.'"  rapture, how come only you know the truth about who god is and what everyone else says is not true. why would you know better than anyone else? please explain.   This is my feelings, thoughts, experiences of God ...ect. I ask for everybody eles' concerning God. I never said I knew better than anybody ele's...where?
=epaphras_faith]Rapture: You misrepresent God.  Not intentionally  God is logical. God hates sin, sin put his son on the cross. God loves mankind. God is love. God is Good.   And beautiful....I was wondering earlier what something so Holy dwells in? Earth/Cosmos speaks breath taking volumes-Imagine what Heaven must look like( undefiled)  [QUOTE] Agree  The question is not what is God but who. In my opinion, the bible is God's revelation of himself to man .  I agree.    And I still want to know what God/Spirits consist of { I know you don't no that- Between me and God     I could post several things like above, but God went to great lengths to define himself. He revealed himself in creation, He revealed Himself in His Son, He revealed Himself in His written word.   He also promised to interpet it  None of those things will make you believe. I cannot convince you nor will I try here.   I Believe. I know if I don't make it to Heaven...Satan comming for me  If we look at anything without seeing it all we miss some of who God is.   His heart is PureLove. I hope to feel that again, sometimes I feel it when I read the Bible and Pray. I started on the Path and backslid, now I got to find where I left him.   We will not see God perfectly due to the fact that we are limited creatures and he is an unlimited creator.   From a sinner to a saint..  Rapture, do not misrepresent God..  That wasn't my intention-nor do I see how I did.  He is worthy of praise, but that is something that must be encountered out of love for Him. Otherwise it is obligation not praise.   Sounds like The Trinity Station   It would be like me going home to my wife on our anniversary and handing her flowers and saying, "I bought these for you because it is our anniversary and it is what I am supposed to do." I would have a large bump on my head where she hits me with the vase.   Good thing God knows the heart and the thoughts.     The point, an individual must come to that place for themselves. We can educate, but must be careful in what we say. It is wrong to force a person to an immediate decision or to even attempt it.   Yeah..everbody in there own time    God died on the cross to give us the choice to accept him or not.  Not to force us to accept him. If he wanted to force us to accept him he could have done that at creation without need for the cross.  Freewill...(agree)
Not intentionally     And beautiful....I was wondering earlier what something so Holy dwells in? Earth/Cosmos speaks breath taking volumes-Imagine what Heaven must look like( undefiled)    I agree.    And I still want to know what God/Spirits consist of { I know you don't no that- Between me and God      He also promised to interpet it    I Believe. I know if I don't make it to Heaven...Satan comming for me    His heart is PureLove. I hope to feel that again, sometimes I do when I read the Bible and Pray. I started on the Path and backslid, now I got to find where I left him.     From a sinner to a saint..    That wasn't my intention-nor do I see how I did.     Sounds like The Trinity Station      Good thing God knows the heart and the thoughts.       Yeah..everbody in there own time     Freewill...(agree)  Rapture: You perplex me. I never know what to think of what you say. You seem to have a deep desire to know God. You can know your salvation, You can be certain that the adversary is not coming for you. Yet you seem exceptionally uneducated on the word of God or perhpas you do have an illeness or addiction that prevents you from knowing well the Lord you serve.   Don't just read the bible. Look also at commentaries and read what others know. Learn to apply what you know, not just know it intellectually. That is why much of the secular world looks at christianity and says they want nothing to do with it. Because christians often do not live what they say they believe.   God calls us to a different life, not because he will punish us if we don't but because We love him and he loves us. We can live radically, righteously in the hands of God. He will keep us secure and We can live a life that will amaze those around us. We become a beacon. We become salt.   Sundowner, this is the God I believe in. He is Holy and Righteous and Good. He keeps us secure and because of that we can learn to live out of who He recreated us to be. The world does not need another person who obeys laws out of "ought" or obligation but rather it needs people who are fully alive. THAT is what Jesus did on the cross.
=epaphras_faith]Rapture: You perplex me. I never know what to think of what you say. You seem to have a deep desire to know God. You can know your salvation, You can be certain that the adversary is not coming for you. Yet you seem exceptionally uneducated on the word of God or perhpas you do have an illeness or addiction that prevents you from knowing well the Lord you serve.  Are you certain Satan's not comming for you?   Don't just read the bible. Look also at commentaries and read what others know. Learn to apply what you know, not just know it intellectually. That is why much of the secular world looks at christianity and says they want nothing to do with it. Because christians often do not live what they say they believe.   I've had the opportunity to observe converted people- "the spirit of correction "  God calls us to a different life, not because he will punish us if we don't but because We love him and he loves us.   And God will destroy Sin and those who remain in it   We can live radically, righteously in the hands of God. He will keep us secure and We can live a life that will amaze those around us. We become a beacon. We become salt.   A vessel for the Holy Ghost... or the other one
Are you certain Satan's not comming for you?   ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!!!! emoticon_smile   I've had the opportunity to observe converted people- "the spirit of correction " What are you talking about?     And God will destroy Sin and those who remain in it  There is a difference between sin and sinning. We commit acts of sin because of the sin nature. However, christians have a new nature as well. The fact is we all continue to sin. It is dependence on God's indwelling spirit that allows us not to. But for the christian sins no longer condemn (Romans 8:1)  A vessel for the Holy Ghost... or the other oneRelevance?
What are you talking about?   People who have had the conversion( like in the BOOK OF ACTS)    There is a difference between sin and sinning. We commit acts of sin because of the sin nature. However, christians have a new nature as well. The fact is we all continue to sin. It is dependence on God's indwelling spirit that allows us not to. But for the christian sins no longer condemn (Romans 8:1)    Yeah... I never being a proud sinner    This new nature comes through the conversion and it won't divert from the word( I watch those kind of people) If those folks come up missing I know I missed the rapture     God's indwelling spirit    I think I'd feel safer indwelling within God( the heart)   But for the christian sins no longer condemn (Romans 8:1)   Into the Sea Of Forgetfullness( how lovely)  Relevance?   None really...
=sundowner]My statement makes no sense? Should I go back and post some of your previous statements? You want to talk about stuff that makes no sense!    Ditto   What question could you ask and get a more personal answer?   I can think of a few, anyways, Perhaps I should be more specific. We don't have to make up stuff(our thoughts) when his creation is all around us, and is us. Exploration/ Study of him, and personal testimony of contact.( Absolutes)         Don't get upset or berate people of they give you an answer completely individual to them.   Never......I understand what you was saying, now, however, just for clarification, God is just not some cosmic vapor to me.
"God' is a figure that humanity created so that life would not be dull adn so that we would have reasurance(sp) that there is an after life  Humans are about the furthest thing from perfect. The bible IS perfect, it's flawless. You can't take anything from it and prove it to be incorrect. The only thing that even comes close is misinterpretations of certain sentences.    I know plenty of people who don't believe in any sort of God and aren't bothered by the thought that this is all they have, the only life they'll ever live. Maybe some people need to believe in more to live more, but all people don't.   'God' is a symbol of how sad and corrupt humanityt really is, think about it, god is supposed to be a being that created this world that gives you hope and that causes miracles, but where was "GOd' during semptember 11th   God created us and gave US freewill. He gave us the right to choose. Where is it written that life on earth is supposed to be perfect? If this world was as perfect as you think it's supposed to be, what would be the point of heaven?      where was "God' when 3000 people lost there lifes because terrorists decided that they shold fly a plane into the Twin Towers. where was god when the columbine shootings occured where is god for the soldiers who are losing there lifes in Iraq. I ask you where is this almighty force   Can you show me where God promises a perfect life?
Many Christians claim that God is good and that God is love. How is it that God is love, but not hate?  Did not he purposefully create hate and love?  Well, once again, I think C.S. Lewis has answers for this in Mere Christianity...  I'll take a shot at answering:  Say a parent told their kid that they now have responsobility to clean their room - rather than being forced to. But, a week later the parent finds that the room is a mess. It is not the parent's will for the room to be messy, yet their will has made it possible. (this is basically right out of C.S. Lewis's book)  So why, so to speak, does God give us an option when it comes to cleaning our rooms? The answer I have heard is that true love is not possible without freedom to leave or stay. (ie- free will)  Would you find it boring to create robots who were unable to do anything you didn't decide for them to do?
there is the exact-translation bible that contradicts itself constantly.  Gilligan:  I am curious. I have never heard of this item. Do you know what hermaneutics they use in translation? Do you know how they determine word meanings? It is not an exact science, there is some art to it. Can you give me a link to it and it's presuppositions in interpretation?
this bible is hard to read; it takes the hebrew and/or greek word and does a literal translation of this word. extremely hard to read, but you may miss certain aspects of the bible when it's written in this "art" you speak of. no flow what-so-ever.  If you have a link to it that would be helpful.  It is very hard to do a literal translation word for word as the hebrew and greek often have complex thoughts within a single word. One of the reasons that I believe there are different translations of the bible around (NASB, NIV, NKJ, etc) is that they all give a different flavor to the same text. it gives one a fuller meaning for understanding. When I study to learn what the text says, I usually use the NASB as it was written using very strict translational standards and uses symbols, fonts etc to tell you what they did in the translation. However, I will look at various other versions to help give me a better sense of what is being said. I also use a greek/hebrew/aramaic interlinear and a strongs concordance and vines dictionaries to learn the definitions and usage of the time.   There is a translation called Youngs Literal Translation that also trys to do it litterally, and as you say, is extremely hard to read.
i believe it is the youngs, or something like that.  the symbol thing is interesting; i'd like to look into that.  Don't get too excited. It is not that spectacular, just useful.  The NASB has text in it, for example, the the king james leaves out. The NASB marks it by placing brackets around the text.  It also uses fonts to indicate words that are not there in the greek but the meaning implies that those words would be there. (words like the, or, of )  It also uses astersiks to mark certain texts.  If you are interested, I would suggest a local christian used book store or just a used book store and get a Ryrie NASB study bible. Not only would you get the NASB stuff but also foot notes that explain customs, weights and measures, some commentary, and some idiomatic items.
God, were I to believe in it, is perfection. Contained to no religion, sex, or creed and yet pertaining to all religions, sexes, and creeds. Absolute everything.  Unfortunately, I do not agree on arguements that would indicate that God is all Good. I cannot believe it is possible that a being of Good would allow Evil to exist, which is why I cannot believe in Satan.   Secondly, a being of perfection sees the past, present, and future. If he's all that perfect, than he already knows what choices each of us will make. He knows the outcome of all humanity. Do we really have free will if our lives have been predetermined before we were even created. Same for Satan, he musta known Satan was an evil bastard ahead of time. Why do it?  Because I cannot believe in a power of which is all Evil, I would have to conclude that God is the essence of all good and evil as defined by our logical vocabularies. So I have three choices to choose from: 1.)God is all. 2.)God is all Good. and 3.)God isn't. Thus, I have chosen door number 3.) God isn't.  Unfortunately, this is my logical self speaking. I don't necessarily agree with my own logic. There is something else outside. Something that logic cannot touch, but that is a different discussion for another day.    Leviathan  Leviathan: I am intrigued by your logic and then your statement of disagreement with your own logic. What if God was more than the three choices you have listed? What if God being good was derivitive instead of definitive?
I guess my Beef isn't with God, more with the assumptions that:  1. It exists 2. It's paying attention to us and cares 3. The Bible or any other book is "God"s word  I was brought up a Christian, but that started to fade the same time as the Easter Bunny and Father Christmas. I mean the Bible has some valid things to suggest, such as wash your feet after taking a dump and don't kill people, but it also suggests killing anyone who does pretty much ANYTHING on a Sunday, I take it easy on a Sunday myself, have a good sleep after the previous night out, and Sunday afternoon protected and unwed sex is great... oops. The only thing i've honestly taken from it is that you should treat people in the same way as you'd like to be treated. My Beef with God then, can only be, WHAT HAS HE EVER DONE FOR ME! I don't have a bad life, but come on, I want more! And before you ask God, no, Jesus dying wasn't enough, he's a God, he gets to sit around with you and relax now! Perhaps i'll still draw the line at denying the Holy Spirit, apparently the only unforgivable sin...  Man, I'd hate to be around when you take a dump if you need to wash your feet afterward. emoticon_xdonno
My point with this is that the toilets around the time of Jesus would have been holes in the ground that everyone shared use of, similar to those in the poorest regions of Africa, which result in Cholera and other such disease. Cleaning your feet regularly was introduced by these teachings, and as a result the spread of disease was restricted.  Actually, this jewish tradition was founded in either the Levitical laws or in Deuteronomy (I would have to check specifics on its origin) which were written many centuries before Christ appeared.   Another major fault with Christianity is that in order to fulfill prophecy, Jesus had to be a decendant of David, but as this is traced on Joseph's side, either this bit's wrong, or the virgin birth bit is. Either way, prophecy fail!  This is also incorrect. The Gospel lists both the lineage's of Joseph and Mary. Check it out, you'll see I'm right. Beside, how would any Jew trace their lineage today to prove they are of the blood line of David? It can't be done. But it was well known info in the first century.  You seem to be armed with half truths and misinformation as ammo for your rejection of God and His word. I would suggest that you study the facts and not the unbelievers propaganda before writing Him off as nonexistent.
I have no beef with god, it is with his followers. As Simone has mentioned, It does more harm in the world to believe than not to believe.  Ah yes, Martin Luther King Jr, Mahatma Gandhi, Dom Helda Camara, Corrie Ten Boom; to start a list that could run into the millions, all did such damage as a result of their faith emoticon_cool . Such generalisations are utterly worthless. Some will use religion as an excuse to indulge their psychotic whims, for others faith will be an inspiration to do great good in the world. As well say all atheists are necessarily heartless selfish nihilists with no morals. True of some, worthless as a generalisation, and totally unfair to those atheists who work constantly, and often just as hard as those inspired by God, to help others. A friend of mine who worked for Christian Aid (for a nice bit of irony), for one.
I have no beef with god, it is with his followers. As Simone has mentioned, It does more harm in the world to believe than not to believe.  You are right about Mans religion holly, but pure and undefiled religion which God represents is pure and PERFECTLY defined by two words; UNCONDITIONAL LOVE. So, if your beef was with the proper object of your discontent, it would be with Man who corrupts Gods truths, not with God in any way. Jam 1:27 Pure and undefiled religion in the sight of {our} God and Father is this: to visit orphans and widows in their distress, {and} to keep oneself unstained by the world.
Isn't that exactly what she said?  Holly - I have no beef with god, it is with his followers.  Archie - if you have a beef . . . it would be with man . . not with god . .   Why did you bother?  My intent was to clarify the difference between Mans corrupted forms of religion and Gods true religion and what it represents. In other words, even though there are many corrupted forms of religion, I was encouraging her that the true religion can still be found in the mix. Maybe I wasn't clear in making that distinction.
You manage to clarify the difference with almost every post you make.  Don't confuse your inability to comprehend almost every post with my need to clarify what I say.  Bwaaaahahahaha!  How easily the ignorant are amused. Or as Oscar Wilde put it:  Ridicule is the tribute paid to the genius by the mediocrities. -Oscar Wilde  And don't forget this truism by Jonathan Swift:  When a true genius appears, you can know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in a confederacy against him. -Jonathan Swift
Tell us your views on gays again Archie.  He loovveessss teh gays.   It's the homosexuality that he despises.  :xbanghead  Precisely! emoticon_xagree
And if someone said to you it's not christians they hate, it's their christianity, you would...?  Pray for them.
The Problem of Evil:  "If God is omnipotent, then He must be able to prevent evil. If He is omnibenevolent, then He must be willing to prevent evil. So why is there evil?"  Not exactly a "beef with God," per se. But a big theological problem, that's for sure.  Again you show that you're more attuned to atheistic philosophy than scriptural realities. No where does the bible say that God is omnibenevolent in any way. Or even describe Him that way. It is true that God is love. But He is also Just. So although atheists want to believe that if God really does exist in spite of their rejection of Him, His omnibenelovence will see them through to Heaven. But they are forgetting about His sense of justice and His plan for salvation through Jesus which requires an act of the will by the receiver of that GRACE.   God is omniscient, omnipresent and omnipotent but He isn't omnibenevolent according to the scriptures. He requires that a price be paid for sin. Either we pay it personally or we accept what Jesus did as payment for our sins. That simple Gospel message is proof that omnibenevolence is a man made characteristic which is attributed to God apart from His word.
  The Problem of Evil:  "If God is omnipotent, then He must be able to prevent evil. If He is omnibenevolent, then He must be willing to prevent evil. So why is there evil?"  Not exactly a "beef with God," per se. But a big theological problem, that's for sure.  Again you show that you're more attuned to atheistic philosophy than scriptural realities. No where does the bible say that God is omnibenevolent in any way. Or even describe Him that way. It is true that God is love. But He is also Just. So although atheists want to believe that if God really does exist in spite of their rejection of Him, His omnibenelovence will see them through to Heaven. But they are forgetting about His sense of justice and His plan for salvation through Jesus which requires an act of the will by the receiver of that GRACE.   God is omniscient, omnipresent and omnipotent but He isn't omnibenevolent according to the scriptures. He requires that a price be paid for sin. Either we pay it personally or we accept what Jesus did as payment for our sins. That simple Gospel message is proof that omnibenevolence is a man made characteristic which is attributed to God apart from His word.   Yeah, all the theologians who've puzzled over this problem for centuries have just been bad Christians in the clutches of atheists.  -sigh-  My God! Archy isn't even aware of the centuries of quibbling and waffling and just-so answers that have gone on among theologians about the problem of evil. It seems that he has never read Augustine, Aquinas, and on and on. He isn't even aware that there is even a name for arguments about the problem. It is called Theodicy.  You mental midgets insult my intelligence when you aren't even aware that the word omnibenevolent isn't even found in the Catholic Online - Catholic Encyclopedia . In fact, the word isn't found in any popular dictionary what so ever. It's an urban slang with no historical usage in theological studies or history at all. I ought to know, because it never came up in Bible College, ever. But here it is in the famous and highly referred to URBAN DICTIONARY: Urban Dictionary: omnibenevolent Once again guys, get a clue before you start spouting off your criticisms which you haven't an actual clue about.
You mental midgets insult my intelligence when you aren't even aware that the word omnibenevolent isn't even found in the Catholic Online - Catholic Encyclopedia . In fact, the word isn't found in any popular dictionary what so ever. It's an urban slang with no historical usage in theological studies or history at all. I ought to know, because it never came up in Bible College, ever. But here it is in the famous and highly referred to URBAN DICTIONARY: Urban Dictionary: omnibenevolent Once again guys, get a clue before you start spouting off your criticisms which you haven't an actual clue about.  You can't avoid the Problem of Evil with semantics.   Then why are you playing a game of semantics Matthew? Do you even know what Omnibenevolence means? It is the act of being unconditionally benevolent, or as it applies to humanity, forgiving without any conditions. And we all know that God requires that a price be paid for sin. Either by us, or by receiving what Christ accomplished as propitiation for our sins on the Cross. The word can't be found in any theological studies what so ever. So why do you keep referring to it with the concept of evil? It isn't about evil, it's about forgiveness.  It's a substantive theological problem, which is why theologians have wrestled with it from the beginning. So substitute "perfectly loving" for "omnibenevolent" if that's a clearer expression of the idea.  This is an inaccurate use of an incorrect word, and you SHOULD be aware of that. God is perfectly loving, that's obvious. And His forgiveness is even unconditional once the problem of justice is accounted for. Forgiveness of sin is a universal blanket covering only after we accept it by an act of our individual will. This shows an incredible respect for us by God as He wont force Himself on us at all. We must actively and consciously accept what Christ did on the Cross for us. If God made that decision for us He would be usurping our free will, and God wouldn't do that.   We will either stand before Him and attempt to enter His kingdom by our own merits which all unsaved people will inevitably do, and they will be judged accordingly, or we will stand before Him covered by the blood of Christ in which case we are accepted as unconditionally forgiven for our sins because they are covered, or nullified by the acceptable sacrifice of perfect lamb of God. It's called propitiation of sin. Here's more:  The Gospel is a simple truth. It is the simple truth that Paul preached as recorded in 1 Corinthians 15:1-4.  " Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures." The significance of Christ's death, burial and resurrection is seen in what it accomplished for mankind. The death of anyone is not thought of a "Good News" which is literally what the Greek word "Gospel" means. Death is the enemy of life and ends our earth existence. Yet, the death of Jesus Christ was unique in the Universe because unlike mortal man, He was God incarnate in Man. In other words, God loved His creation man. Yet man had rebelled against God and sinned against Him. Man being guilty of his sin, is under the sentence or penalty of that sin. Man could not redeem himself, because his sins condemned him. Yet, God in the supreme act of love, came to earth, took the form of a man, and lived on earth a perfect life. At the appointed time, he allowed sinful men, to condemn Him and put Him to death by crucixion. But His death and suffering was not simply physical. His suffering was for the sins of all the world. Mel Gibson, in his movie portrayed Christ's death as horrible and it was. The movie missed the point. His suffering was so much more than just physical suffering. We cannot even imagine was it was like to take the sins of the world on Himself. He was paying the price of our sins, every one of us and for every man that every lived. He did it so that we could receive forgiveness for our sins and eternal life. He did is that we could become, but believing in Him, the children of god. No man could die and pay his own sin debt because all men are sinners as Romans 3:10, 23 clearly states: " As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: . . .For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God."  Only our holy and righteous God and Creator could do that...and He did.  In John 3:18, 26 God says "He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God. . . . He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God."  If it were not for Christ's death and atonement, mankind would be in a dilemma. He is under the condemnation of sin, and responsible to God who created him and gave him life. But man, apart from Jesus Christ, has no way for that sin to be atoned for. No forgiveness, no redemption, no hope, no one to turn too, no Savior.  Man has invented other gods, other gospels, and even perverted God's word refusing to accept it. Yet, there is still no other way to have one's sins forgiven and receive eternal life, but God's way.  One important truth is that all the religions and false churches man has devised all have one thing in common. They all have man earning his salvation, by joining a particular church, doing sacraments, rituals, or some act or work. Yet, God's way is simple and is unique in that only biblical Christianity, as learned from God's word has God, giving man salvation freely and God Himself, the Lord Jesus Christ doing what is necessary for to atone from man's sins.Christ Our Propitiation For Sin - 1 John 2:1-2  So to claim that God is omnibenevolent is a false and misleading claim no matter how you cut it. The word isn't dealing with evil, it's dealing with the concept of unconditional forgiveness which is a misrepresentation of Gods complete plan for the redemption of fallen Man. In other words, If God is unconditionally forgiving toward all of humanity, then why did we need a savior to die for our sins in the first place? Jesus reason for coming and His death on the Cross becomes a completely wasted effort and an unnecessary sacrificial act if God is unconditionally forgiving anyway.  So rather than responding by insisting that omnibenevolence has any place in describing Gods character or plan for us, how about you post this imaginary evidence of it being discussed and debated for millennia from any valid theological source at all. I submit that you will only find it in atheist or secular humanist sources which are looking for blanket salvation as a theological buffer zone if you will, in case their rejection of God turns out to be the mistake it is in the end, and He really does exist.
-  God is a good servant, but a bad master.  -  -  God is so useful as a metaphor that if "He" did not exist, it would  be necessary to invent "Him". But to take this metaphor as a literal  fact is not only the grossest form of superstition, but also  deplorably in bad taste.  -  -  I don't mind God ---it's his fan club I can't stand.  -  -  Evil and pain exist, so God cannot be all-benevolent.  God cannot make a stone bigger than he can roll, so He cannot be omnipotent.  Gdel's Law exists, so God cannot be omniscient.-  The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance -- it is the illusion of knowledge. DANIEL BOORSTIN
In which case it is "obvious" that the Problem of Evil can be (re)formulated thusly:  The question remains, and which you are now evading is that the concept or doctrine of omnibenevolence has nothing to do with Gods solution for evil. So for you to have even asked the question in that form was revealing about your depth of understanding of the simple GOSPEL OF SALVATION. That is the point I was and am making regarding the fallacy and use of that word from the get go. You give it validity by using it and it has no place in a serious discussion about the issue of evil in this world because it has no place in Gods solution for the problem of evil.   "If God is omnipotent, then he must be able to prevent evil. If He is perfectly loving, then he must want to do something about evil. Why, then, is there any evil?"  That's simple, and the reason is as obvious and apparent in the human condition today as it was in the garden when we fell from grace through Adam and Eves disobedience. You are doing exactly what the natural man must do and blaming God for the sins of man. The atheist will boldly ask, If there be a God, why is their death, suffering and evil in this world?  But look at the original plan God had for us. He created Man in His image with free will which even Angels don't have; that man was created with the intelligence to name all of the creatures on Earth. God gave him a helpmate and placed them in a Garden where all their physical needs were met. They never would have died in that sinless state and neither would they or their offspring have suffered at all.   But what did they do with that free will? They disobeyed God and ate from the one tree that He disobeyed them to eat from. The tree of the knowledge of good and evil. so our fall was twofold. First, because they disobeyed Him, but secondly, because they now had within them the knowledge of evil, which is why God warned them not to eat of it. And our perfect and Holy God cannot be in the presence of sin so He could no longer walk among us in that state of sin.  But being a loving Father, He created a way to reunite us back to Himself spiritually and undo the separation which was caused by our disobedience to Him. Now, the atheist will ask about now if God really loves us, why did He place that tree in the garden? Why tempt Adam and Eve with such a choice?   The answer is again simple. How will humanity know they have free will if they have no challenges or possible free will choices to make? Oh how cruel God is, He gave them ONE WHOLE CHOICE TO MAKE. ONE THING THEY NEEDED TO OBEY HIM ON IN ORDER TO GUARANTEE FOREVER IN A PARADISE FOR THEM AND ALL OF THEIR OFFSPRING TO FELLOWSHIP WITH THE LIVING AND LOVING FATHER WHO CREATED THEM FOR FELLOWSHIP.   So God gave to us everything that people believe a good God should have given us and we squandered it selfishly. So what this process is all about for God is to separate the wheat from the Chafe with humanity. Because of our free will, we must consciously choose to have a personal relationship with Him by our own volition. Just as God didn't force Adam and Eve to obey Him, and He allowed them to suffer the consequences of their choice, so is He allowing us the same opportunity in a world which we alone have created with all of the good and evil which is reflected in the hearts and souls of human beings. So stop blaming God!  Even if I concede your point about omnibenevolence -- which I am more than happy to do, as it happens -- the Problem of Evil doesn't go away. This is why, as I said, you can't dispel it with semantics.  I mean, do you understand what the Problem of Evil is about? In an admittedly over-simplified nutshell, it's about why God would allow bad things to happen to good people.  Because of our free will and because we exist in a fallen world. Are you unaware that satan is the god of this world? He and his minions are dedicated to destroying you and all of humanity in order to prevent God from claiming His loving prize of all the children of humanity who are a reflection of Him because we were made in His awesome image? The only members of His whole creation with free will? We, the children of the King live like beggars in a ghetto of our own making as we act like prodigal sons who prefer to hide from our Father and blame others for our disobedience just as Adam and Eve blamed each other after disobeying Him in the Garden. Rev 12:9 So the great dragon was cast out, that serpent of old, called the Devil and Satan, who deceives the whole world; he was cast to the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.  It's about why a loving and omnipotent God allows earthquakes to crush innocent children, or why He allows a man to walk into a church and shoot worshippers to death.  The god of this world has power over the elements and would utterly destroy this Earth if he wasn't restrained by God. But that is why I warn this crowd so fervently, because the bible also warns that the day will come when God will withdraw His hand grace and protection from this world when He can no longer take the sin and open rebellion which is crying out to Him more each day. And on that day, evil will run its toll unrestrained, and then God will come and pour out His wrath on evil; in that order. This will occur at the end of the Age.   I don't think, as many an atheist has thought, that the problem is necessarily unanswerable. But I also don't think that any answer is easy or obvious or unproblematic.   The problem is that God gave man a spiritual handbook as a history of Creation and atheists are such stubborn and sanctimonious pseudo intellectuals that they will and have said since you've been here that Gods book is just mythical nonsense written by Bronze Age sheep herders. So how will they learn the truth if they never seek it. And how will they know the truth ever if you, who claims to know it, sees no reason to defend God against their lies?   Are you getting a glimpse of where I'm coming from Matt? Jesus said "YOU'RE EITHER FOR ME OR AGAINST ME, YOU EITHER LOVE ME OR YOU HATE ME." There are no sidelines in this spiritual battle over mens souls and eternal life. And you are on the wrong side of that battle as it stands today, and I love you enough to tell you the hard truth.   Does the fact that I see it as a legitimate theological problem make me a bad Christian?[QUOTE]  No. Asking questions and seeking to learn the truth with an open heart and mind is never wrong. The problem lies in people formulating beliefs based on their own comfort zones and then calling those beliefs "TRUTH". The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance -- it is the illusion of knowledge. DANIEL BOORSTIN Indeed, Archie. Indeed.  And my response to you is indeed Matthew, indeed.
Very true.  The "illusion" of knowledge, obtained by people who were "told" the truth, and thus insist that any contradictory information is automatically invalid. And they ignore the history lessons when certain "truths" have been exposed to be evil. Misogyny. Slavery. Genocide.  Things endorsed by their bible, but they were "truths" then, and now that the true nature has been exposed they refuse to acknowledge that their book can also endorse evil. And still they defend it, refusing to question it, looking for apologetic ways to avoid its contradictions and outright falsehoods. emoticon_rolleyes May I assume your typical and oft repeated anti christian hate speech is directed at me once again? In short, you are dead wrong and are corrupting the actual truth with your very generalized attack as you make these claims out of context, both actual and historical. You call God a misogynist when it was the Jews who's women had more civil and human rights than any other civilization in the Ancient World.   The bible is clear that God hates divorce, but He instituted it in Israel because men were putting women out of their homes with nothing. No other civilizations had rights like that for women for hundreds of years. You will say how barbaric it was to stone a prostitute by LAW in Israel. How terrible and misogynistic of God. But that's just because you have no moral center to speak of.   You see foundit, in the neighboring countries, prostitution was rampant, but thousands of them were killed each year by savage men who raped and beat them and killed them for sport. After all foundit, prostitutes, much less any women had no rights of protection by law in those barbaric countries. Meanwhile, back in Israel, women were protected, respected and honored as valued citizens who contributed to their Society. And they knew the Law so the thought of demeaning themselves in such a filthy way was beyond comprehension to them.   So you feel free to focus on the law in Israel rather than focus on the reality for the women in other countries where no such laws existed to protect women from ever being forced into such a life of quiet desperation and ultimate futility. So let's talk about true misogyny and then you tell me why you support and promote prostitution when women had no rights of protection at all in those countries?   Also, in the ancient world every king in every kingdom in the known world had private armies which served them only. When those armies traveled the countryside, they had their way with any citizen for any reason they could dream up. If they needed food or money, they just took it from who ever was unfortunate enough to cross their paths. If they didn't like how someone looked at them they could kill them with no concern about legal retribution.  But not in Israel. The very first civilian based police force was founded by God in Israel a thousand years before the concept was accepted anywhere else on Earth. And these weren't just cops. They were boys chosen at birth and raised in the Law their whole lives as they were taught righteous understanding in full knowledge that they were representing Yahweh as a protector and defender of the innocent. Israel had a compassionate and intricate legal system which sought to find the truth rather than just convict the most available suspect while all other countries were tyrannical kingdoms which lacked all civil laws which protected regular citizens. And remember foundit, I'm talking about 1500 BC. Europe was still barbaric during the Dark Ages between 900 and 1400 AD.  As for your claim of slavery, if you bothered seeking the truth of what the bible say's about it, you would see that God opposed slavery. But being the incredible God that He is, who understood that Israel was surrounded by Countries which all practiced this barbaric trade, God instituted Laws for how Jews were to treat slaves and had mandatory freedom clauses built in so slaves of jews knew going in that their eventual freedom was assured during their lifetime. No other Country ever offered this promise to slaves. Jewish slaves were treated as member of the family and could even inherit property like a child would.   Now name for me the other countries which treated their slaves like equals foundit? And why don't you ever complain about all of the other slavery in the Ancient world as you attempt to condemn Israel so absolutely blindly and unfairly as you do?   Now for the so called Genocide: I realize that you refuse to place any biblical historical event in its proper context considering the time in history these events took place, but that is what's required if someone wants to find the truth. The reality is that the land God was leading Moses to was occupied by barbarians who worshiped the Sun and Moon and carved idols out of wood and stone to pray to them. These people were violent and blood thirst kingdoms who usually wouldn't even allow strange tribes to cross their land.   So God ordered Israel to wipe out their enemies before their enemies wiped them out. Also, there was another reason for such complete annihilation, that was in order to prevent the cultures of these heathen Nations from infecting Israel with their heathen and godless customs, and to protect the traditions and Laws which God had given the Jews. I know that concept of wiping the enemy out offends your modern sensibilities, but it was necessary for survival and so they wouldn't live under constant threats of invasion or cultural infection as Israel does today with their neighbors who hate them so passionately. I could go on, but I'm sure none of this will pierce the mill stone which is rolled over the door of your heart. So why bother.
 All due respect, but the Problem of Evil is not simple. And your own "answer" just raises more difficulties.  I didn't say the problem of evil is simple, You asked a question and I said that's (the answer) is simple. Then I went on to write 6 paragraphs to that one question. A lengthy answer from me, yet you didn't respond to even one aspect of it. And then you comment only on my statement that it's simple, and misinterpret that simple statement. What's with you Matthew? Are you stroking me? You claim to want to discuss this yet you respond only to the minutia?   In the first place, why would a loving God punish every single human being who would ever live for the sins of one man? Hardly seems fair. But of course, the meaning of the Fall is no less complicated than any other Biblical issue.  It's called the sin NATURE Matt. It's a part of our inherited nature since we came from Adam and Eve. Again, God didn't do it and He isn't punishing us. Remember that guy Jesus, the Messiah who died for all of our combined sins once and for all time because He is the perfect lamb of God? A sacrificial lamb if you will; but one who's worthy to die for our sins. Now wrap this around your brain. He is the word of God who called all that is into being according to John 1:1-4. Look it up. He is God who took on flesh, lived among us and then died for our sins in order to redeem us. Does that sound like He's here to punish us, to you?   And your answer only addresses the moral dimension of the problem.   Really? Because I thought I answered the specifics of what and why God has dealt with us as He has, and what we specifically did to get ourselves into this fix. I showed the cause, the effect and the sollution. You got none of that?  There is also what the theologians call "natural evil": the suffering uncaused by any human agent. What of the earthquake example? When the rooves of the cathedrals in Lisbon collapsed, they crushed many a babe who had not yet the chance to exercise free will and repent. Why would a loving God allow such suffering?  I answered this directly Matt. Are you sure you even read my response? Here, first I described the source of evil in the natural world, I said this:  Because of our free will and because we exist in a fallen world. Are you unaware that satan is the god of this world? He and his minions are dedicated to destroying you and all of humanity in order to prevent God from claiming His loving prize of all the children of humanity who are a reflection of Him because we were made in His awesome image? The only members of His whole creation with free will? We, the children of the King live like beggars in a ghetto of our own making as we act like prodigal sons who prefer to hide from our Father and blame others for our disobedience just as Adam and Eve blamed each other after disobeying Him in the Garden.  Rev 12:9 So the great dragon was cast out, that serpent of old, called the Devil and Satan, who deceives the whole world; he was cast to the earth, and his angels were cast out with him.  Then you asked this question about natural catastrophes:  It's about why a loving and omnipotent God allows earthquakes to crush innocent children, or why He allows a man to walk into a church and shoot worshippers to death.  And I answered you here:  The god of this world has power over the elements and would utterly destroy this Earth if he wasn't restrained by God. But that is why I warn this crowd so fervently, because the bible also warns that the day will come when God will withdraw His hand of grace and protection from this world when He can no longer take the sin and open rebellion which is crying out to Him more each day. And on that day, evil (satan) will run its toll unrestrained, and then God will pour out His wrath on evil; in that order. This will occur at the end of the Age.   To be more specific and to simplify it, sin is the cause of death, sickness, disease, handicaps, mutations, and every malady which afflicts humanity. The father of lies, or satan is the cause of many natural disasters, pestilence, tsunamis, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanoes and all manner of disasters. I'm not saying that some of them aren't naturally occurring also, but only God knows which is which.   The relevant point is they occur because of sin and a world which is out of spiritual balance and is in rebellion against a holy God. I have told you at least twice now that our war is not between flesh and blood, but between the powers of darkness and light. Our battle in life is a spiritual one. Here's a passage that might give you a bigger picture of what is occurring right now in the world, since we believe that according to prophecy, we are in the end times. Mat 24:3 As He was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to Him privately, saying, "Tell us, when will these things happen, and what {will be} the sign of Your coming, and of the end of the age?"  Mat 24:4 And Jesus answered and said to them, "See to it that no one misleads you.  Mat 24:5 "For many will come in My name, saying, 'I am the Christ,' and will mislead many.  Mat 24:6 "You will be hearing of wars and rumors of wars. See that you are not frightened, for {those things} must take place, but {that} is not yet the end.  Mat 24:7 "For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and in various places there will be famines and earthquakes.  Mat 24:8 "But all these things are {merely} the beginning of birth pangs.  Mat 24:9 "Then they will deliver you to tribulation, and will kill you, and you will be hated by all nations because of My name.  Mat 24:10 "At that time many will fall away and will betray one another and hate one another.  Mat 24:11 "Many false prophets will arise and will mislead many.  Mat 24:12 "Because lawlessness is increased, most people's love will grow cold.  Mat 24:13 "But the one who endures to the end, he will be saved.  Mat 24:14 "This gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all the nations, and then the end will come.  Mat 24:15 "Therefore when you see the ABOMINATION OF DESOLATION which was spoken of through Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place (let the reader understand),  Mat 24:16 then those who are in Judea must flee to the mountains.  Mat 24:17 "Whoever is on the housetop must not go down to get the things out that are in his house.  Mat 24:18 "Whoever is in the field must not turn back to get his cloak.  Mat 24:19 "But woe to those who are pregnant and to those who are nursing babies in those days!  Mat 24:20 "But pray that your flight will not be in the winter, or on a Sabbath.  Mat 24:21 "For then there will be a great tribulation, such as has not occurred since the beginning of the world until now, nor ever will.  Mat 24:22 "Unless those days had been cut short, no life would have been saved; but for the sake of the elect those days will be cut short.  Mat 24:23 "Then if anyone says to you, 'Behold, here is the Christ,' or 'There {He is,}' do not believe {him.}  Mat 24:24 "For false Christs and false prophets will arise and will show great signs and wonders, so as to mislead, if possible, even the elect.  Mat 24:25 "Behold, I have told you in advance.  Mat 24:26 "So if they say to you, 'Behold, He is in the wilderness,' do not go out, {or,} 'Behold, He is in the inner rooms,' do not believe {them.}  Mat 24:27 "For just as the lightning comes from the east and flashes even to the west, so will the coming of the Son of Man be.  Mat 24:28 "Wherever the corpse is, there the vultures will gather.  Mat 24:29 "But immediately after the tribulation of those days THE SUN WILL BE DARKENED, AND THE MOON WILL NOT GIVE ITS LIGHT, AND THE STARS WILL FALL from the sky, and the powers of the heavens will be shaken.  Mat 24:30 "And then the sign of the Son of Man will appear in the sky, and then all the tribes of the earth will mourn, and they will see the SON OF MAN COMING ON THE CLOUDS OF THE SKY with power and great glory.  Mat 24:31 "And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.  Mat 24:32 "Now learn the parable from the fig tree: when its branch has already become tender and puts forth its leaves, you know that summer is near;  Mat 24:33 so, you too, when you see all these things, recognize that He is near, {right} at the door. You can declare the problem "simple" and the answer "obvious." But your declarations don't make it so. You're just stopping the investigation too soon.  Like I said above, it was the answer which was simple to give to you. I understand that where people are concerned, nothing is simple or cut and dry. And regarding the investigation, you stopped it by ignoring the meat of my response to you.
If God is outside time, in the sense that She knows present, past and future, then free will is an illusion.  Care to actually support this claim with a rational argument? Specifically, how does Gods omnipotence affect our choice to make individual choices no matter where in time we exist. Let me give you an example to further confuse you and trebor. If you witness a criminal committing a violent crime like shooting someone for example, is your viewing that action changing the outcome of his decision, or his action at all? Of course not. So why do you say that because God sees all, that He is affecting our free will at all?   If free will is an illusion then God knew that Eve would fail the test and drag poor Adam down with her. And that is one of many examples.  God is devilish then. emoticon_mad  That's an excellent example of God not interfering with our free will. God surely did know in advance that Eve would sin, but did He decide then, why bother creating this creature in my image? Why bother giving them free will? With all the time and pain I will receive by being rejected by so many of them who will carve false gods out of wood rather than acknowledge me, is it worth it? No, He went forward in spite of people like you deniers of Him ! In spite of the mess we made of this world, and in spite of our current spiritual state as a race, He created us and still loves us so much that He took flesh upon Himself and gave His own life as propitiation for our sins in order to undo what our parents did to cause this separation from Him in the Garden.   How sad that you take every good thing Yahweh has done and pervert it in order to twist it into your personal lie to slander Him with. emoticon_xdonno
So tell us subaru, precisely what is your beef with God? Without using long dead philosophers who's opinions are nothing more than that, opinions; and since you're going to annihilate me, post some actual evidence and define a rational beef with God. Then justify that beef by showing what He has done to be marked as the problem. Sorry if this post is too multifaceted for you to follow, but I couldn't make it any simpler than this. emoticon_xgood
 And you still have not dealt with the three points which I enumerated.  And I don't plan to either as nothing you write deserves a serious response, because nothing you write is seriously or thoughtfully considered material for debate.
First : I can not prevent a crime, God can Second: I don't know the outcome of the crime, maybe the victim defends herself and shoots the criminal dead.  Third: God knew in advance a crime was going to be committed and did nothing to prevent it. That is criminal God knows what we are going to do so we don't have free will, we have an illusion of choicing when in reality the choice has been made already by God, otherwise She wouldn't know until the instant we made a choice, whereas She knows since the beginning of time what choices would we make.  So, rather than stay on point, you again expand the goal post from God seeing all to now interfering with our free will choices. Rather than hear my prior response you just ignore it and move on with your blaming God for our actions. You originally said this:  Winston Smith  If God is outside time, in the sense that She knows present, past and future, then free will is an illusion.  And I responded with this question which stated that free will is an allusion:  Care to actually support this claim with a rational argument? Specifically, how does Gods omnipotence affect our choice to make individual choices no matter where in time we exist. Let me give you an example to further confuse you and trebor. If you witness a criminal committing a violent crime like shooting someone for example, is your viewing that action changing the outcome of his decision, or his action at all? Of course not. So why do you say that because God sees all, that He is affecting our free will at all?   I responded by showing that because God can see all doesn't mean He is affecting our free will at all, nor is He obligated to since it was Him who gave us free will to begin with. But now you change the goal post above by showing that you neither understand or appreciate the concept that we have free will and that God wont interfere with that right. But He does warn us that we will reap what we sow. He warns us that there are repercussions for our choices which deny others their rights. But For God to be consistent, He wont deny you the right to commit evil if that is your choice. That doesn't make God evil, that makes you evil. Why can't you grasp that winston?   Where does Evil come from? Not from Adam and Eve for sure. If God created everything and She is Good, where does Evil come from ?  Evil existed before creation in the character of satan and his minions who fell from grace when they rebelled against God. So evil is a real energy which existed before we did. But God didn't create humanity with the knowledge of it as is shown in Genesis. God warned Adam and Eve to not eat of that fruit or else they would die (spiritually). But satan didn't understand that aspect of His warning and believed that if he could just get them to eat of that tree, he could destroy humanity through our parents alone thereby preventing Gods plan for a race of children who were created in His image from ever existing.   And your statement that evil didn't come from Adam and Eve is false. We inherited our fallen/sinful nature directly from them who took it upon themselves when they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil by an act of their own will. Also, if you truly define evil, it isn't an act, but is a knowledge which lies within us. Only when we act on that knowledge of evil does it become a source of energy which is felt not only by its victim but by those who witness its result.  How do you know you have free will, being aware that a choice has been made it is not the same as choosing. You are aware that something in you has decided to go left instead of right. But did you make the decision or being aware of it it seems to you that you made it?  I know I have free will because I have the choice to do what's right or what's wrong, just as you do. Nobody makes us do wrong except us. Just because God is omnipotent and omniscient and omnipresent, it doesn't mean God is obligated to intervene unless He is asked to by us which is what we christians call an answer to prayer. I have had God intervene in my life in times of immediate crisis which resulted in saving my life on at least 3 occasions which I'm aware of. I can't wait to know the actual number of proverbial bullets I've dodged because of His intervention which I was unaware of at the time.  GOD made me do it emoticon_xangel  Only you made you do it which is why you feel the guilt and conviction for the wrongs you have done. You only blame God in your conscious mind in order to relieve yourself of the responsibility which is yours alone due to your acting upon your own free will. What you MUST grasp is that your denials of Gods spiritual laws don't relieve you of the responsibility which those spiritual laws represent.
So how come some good Angels created by Good God became evil Angels ?  If God is Good where does Evil come from? Simple question Archie  If It's such a simple question winny, then why ask it? It's actually a very difficult and complex question and can even vary depending on whose perspective you view it from. In other words, first define what evil is. How do we determine good from evil from our human perspective, and then, how does God define evil? Let me answer the second question first regarding how God defines Lucifers nature of rebellion as evil. Isaiah Said it best:  Isa 14:12 "How you are fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, [fn] son of the morning! [How] you are cut down to the ground, You who weakened the nations!  Isa 14:13 For you have said in your heart: 'I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will also sit on the mount of the congregation On the farthest sides of the north;  Isa 14:14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, I will be like the Most High.'  Isa 14:15 Yet you shall be brought down to Sheol, To the lowest depths of the Pit. Isn't this passage describing pride? And placing ones self interest above God who is worthy of our praise, respect and honor? Isn't that the sin that leads to the fall of not only Lucifer but of men who deny God the honor He rightfully deserves as the Creator of all that is?   So from our perspective, evil is an action which hurts someone else for the selfish purpose of benefitting the evil doer. This is why dictators, despots, tyrants and those who commit violence against the innocent for selfish purposes are considered evil people. But all those people are actually doing is placing their personal self interests above the welfare of others for selfish reasons. And they are becoming judges over life and death of others in order to accomplish their goal of personal enrichment and to secure or maintain their own hold on personal power.   They fail to understand that all good things come from God, and that their positions of power can only last and benefit others if they take their positions of authority over the lives of others as opportunities to serve the greater good rather than with a sense of entitlement in order to assure their own personal status or security.  As for why good Angels would become evil? It is incomprehensible for me to understand how Angels could exist in Heaven for I don't know how many millions of years before Man was created, and then decide to follow this creature named Lucifer who openly rebelled against the Creator. But here's the rub; it will happen again among the human race before Gods final cleansing of this human condition is accomplished. Let me explain.  After the end of this Age and the coming Tribulation period when Lucifer and his minions along with those who followed him are cast into the lake of fire by the Lord and His army, there will be 1000 years of peace on Earth when the lion will once again lay with the lamb. Jerusalem will be the Center of the Earth and those who survived the tribulation will have children who never personally knew sin or this spiritual battle which we have suffered through. This new generation of people will live in a perfect world of peace where God will once again walk with Man in the cool of the day.   The bible speaks of each believers book of life which tells the stories of our victories and failures in this Age, just as it speaks of the strengths, weaknesses, victories and failures of the great men of the bible. These books of life will be available for study for this generation which will know no death or suffering at all for that millennium of peace.  At the end of this thousand years, Lucifer and his minions will be once again released from the pit in order to tempt humanity for a period of time. Incredibly, a remnant of this humanity which has lived for a thousand years in peace and in the light of Gods love will once again be deceived and will follow satan in one final battle which will result in a final purging of evil and rebellion against God, which as you can see will only require an opportunity in which to show itself once again to become a reality.  But once again, this doesn't reflect on Gods holiness as much as it does on the fickleness of Man as he submits to evil and rebellion when Gods goodness is all around them. Here's how this event is described in Revelation: Rev 20:1 Then I saw an angel coming down from heaven, holding the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.  Rev 20:2 And he laid hold of the dragon, the serpent of old, who is the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years;  Rev 20:3 and he threw him into the abyss, and shut {it} and sealed {it} over him, so that he would not deceive the nations any longer, until the thousand years were completed; after these things he must be released for a short time.  Rev 20:4 Then I saw thrones, and they sat on them, and judgment was given to them. And I {saw} the souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony of Jesus and because of the word of God, and those who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received the mark on their forehead and on their hand; and they came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years.  Rev 20:5 The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were completed. This is the first resurrection.  Rev 20:6 Blessed and holy is the one who has a part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ and will reign with Him for a thousand years.  Rev 20:7 When the thousand years are completed, Satan will be released from his prison,  Rev 20:8 and will come out to deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together for the war; the number of them is like the sand of the seashore.  Rev 20:9 And they came up on the broad plain of the earth and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and devoured them.  Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.  Rev 20:11 Then I saw a great white throne and Him who sat upon it, from whose presence earth and heaven fled away, and no place was found for them.  Rev 20:12 And I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne, and books were opened; and another book was opened, which is {the book} of life; and the dead were judged from the things which were written in the books, according to their deeds.  Rev 20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged, every one {of them} according to their deeds.  Rev 20:14 Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire.  Rev 20:15 And if anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire. God intervened in human affairs countless of times as told in the Bible so much for free will and bearing the consequences of our decisions.  Sure He has. According to His perfect will, and because He is God He has every right to intervene as He sees fit. But this doesn't mean He has prevented us from exercising our individual free will as human beings.  If God knows the future then all your choices are already predetermined and there is no free will, only the appearance of it. You can not seem to grasp this concept at all. You are confusing free will with conscience.  I can't grasp it because it just isn't true. The fact that God sees all, plays no part at all in your ability to make free will choices at all. To claim otherwise is evidence that you can't grasp the concept of either omnipotence or free will.   Judas was a pawn in God's plan he and as a pawn he was sacrificed and sent to Hell. Oh yes God intervened in human affairs by sending the Son, so much for free will.  Just like Judas whatever I do is what God makes me do.  WOW, you speak the exact opposite of what is true in reality. We know that Jesus knew prior to His betrayal that it was Judas who would betray Him. He so much as announced it at the last supper that one of the Apostles would. And being God incarnate He surely had the power to stop Judas from exercising his free will and carrying out his plan to betray Messiah. But what did Jesus say to him? Go and do what you must do. Is that what you call making him a pawn? Or did He, consistent with His nature NOT interfere with Judas plan which would have interfered with his free will?   Funny that the Jews don't accept your Messiah, Archie. I wonder why? emoticon_xangel  I've explained this spiritual dilemma to you already winny, and it would require too much time and bandwidth to explain it again here.   People who think are agnostics, those who don't are believers.  Does it really sound like I have not thought or have not been thinking based on these answers to your questions I have given here? Why is it that all you have are questions but no rational answers with which to justify your personal beliefs? That's because your personal beliefs are based only in what your own mind and imagination is able to conceive. Where as nothing I have said is my own creation but represent truths which are much greater than me and much deeper than the natural mind can conceive of or even appreciate/grasp. Which is why I will get no substantial response from you that reflects any depth or spiritual insights at all. You cling to the flesh because you can't see past it or beyond it in order to recognize the spiritual man which exists within you.
I asked you a simple question because I thought you could at least answer a simple one. You couldn't . All your verbosity and Biblical quotes can't disguise the fact that Evil, pride and it doesn't matter how you define Evil it has to come from God for God created everything and every creature in Heaven and Earth.  So how do you explain Evil in God? --------------------------------------------------------------------------  If you play with a loaded dice you may think that the outcome of every throw is random but is not.  If God knows all events in advance then there is no free will. You may ponder your choices but you can only make the one He already made for you. He controls everything, namely there is no free will  Of course, He is only your God, what your imagination think He is from those books you read, are dragons in the Bible also? I know there is a race of giants in it.   I don't have imagination :)  Only the truly uninformed would consider the question of evil to be a simple question winny, which explains your post that ignores everything I wrote. Sorry I wasted my time on you.  So how come some good Angels created by Good God became evil Angels ?  If God is Good where does Evil come from? Simple question Archie  If It's such a simple question winny, then why ask it? It's actually a very difficult and complex question and can even vary depending on whose perspective you view it from. In other words, first define what evil is. How do we determine good from evil from our human perspective, and then, how does God define evil? Let me answer the second question first regarding how God defines Lucifers nature of rebellion as evil. Isaiah Said it best:  Isa 14:12 "How you are fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, [fn] son of the morning! [How] you are cut down to the ground, You who weakened the nations!  Isa 14:13 For you have said in your heart: 'I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will also sit on the mount of the congregation On the farthest sides of the north;  Isa 14:14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, I will be like the Most High.'  Isa 14:15 Yet you shall be brought down to Sheol, To the lowest depths of the Pit. Isn't this passage describing pride? And placing ones self interest above God who is worthy of our praise, respect and honor? Isn't that the sin that leads to the fall of not only Lucifer but of men who deny God the honor He rightfully deserves as the Creator of all that is?   So from our perspective, evil is an action which hurts someone else for the selfish purpose of benefitting the evil doer. This is why dictators, despots, tyrants and those who commit violence against the innocent for selfish purposes are considered evil people. But all those people are actually doing is placing their personal self interests above the welfare of others for selfish reasons. And they are becoming judges over life and death of others in order to accomplish their goal of personal enrichment and to secure or maintain their own hold on personal power.   They fail to understand that all good things come from God, and that their positions of power can only last and benefit others if they take their positions of authority over the lives of others as opportunities to serve the greater good rather than with a sense of entitlement in order to assure their own personal status or security.  As for why good Angels would become evil? It is incomprehensible for me to understand how Angels could exist in Heaven for I don't know how many millions of years before Man was created, and then decide to follow this creature named Lucifer who openly rebelled against the Creator. But here's the rub; it will happen again among the human race before Gods final cleansing of this human condition is accomplished. Let me explain.  After the end of this Age and the coming Tribulation period when Lucifer and his minions along with those who followed him are cast into the lake of fire by the Lord and His army, there will be 1000 years of peace on Earth when the lion will once again lay with the lamb. Jerusalem will be the Center of the Earth and those who survived the tribulation will have children who never personally knew sin or this spiritual battle which we have suffered through. This new generation of people will live in a perfect world of peace where God will once again walk with Man in the cool of the day.   The bible speaks of each believers book of life which tells the stories of our victories and failures in this Age, just as it speaks of the strengths, weaknesses, victories and failures of the great men of the bible. These books of life will be available for study for this generation which will know no death or suffering at all for that millennium of peace.  At the end of this thousand years, Lucifer and his minions will be once again released from the pit in order to tempt humanity for a period of time. Incredibly, a remnant of this humanity which has lived for a thousand years in peace and in the light of Gods love will once again be deceived and will follow satan in one final battle which will result in a final purging of evil and rebellion against God, which as you can see will only require an opportunity in which to show itself once again to become a reality.  But once again, this doesn't reflect on Gods holiness as much as it does on the fickleness of Man as he submits to evil and rebellion when Gods goodness is all around them. Here's how this event is described in Revelation: Rev 20:1 Then I saw an angel coming down from heaven, holding the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.  Rev 20:2 And he laid hold of the dragon, the serpent of old, who is the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years;  Rev 20:3 and he threw him into the abyss, and shut {it} and sealed {it} over him, so that he would not deceive the nations any longer, until the thousand years were completed; after these things he must be released for a short time.  Rev 20:4 Then I saw thrones, and they sat on them, and judgment was given to them. And I {saw} the souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony of Jesus and because of the word of God, and those who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received the mark on their forehead and on their hand; and they came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years.  Rev 20:5 The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were completed. This is the first resurrection.  Rev 20:6 Blessed and holy is the one who has a part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ and will reign with Him for a thousand years.  Rev 20:7 When the thousand years are completed, Satan will be released from his prison,  Rev 20:8 and will come out to deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together for the war; the number of them is like the sand of the seashore.  Rev 20:9 And they came up on the broad plain of the earth and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and devoured them.  Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.  Rev 20:11 Then I saw a great white throne and Him who sat upon it, from whose presence earth and heaven fled away, and no place was found for them.  Rev 20:12 And I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne, and books were opened; and another book was opened, which is {the book} of life; and the dead were judged from the things which were written in the books, according to their deeds.  Rev 20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged, every one {of them} according to their deeds.  Rev 20:14 Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire.  Rev 20:15 And if anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire. God intervened in human affairs countless of times as told in the Bible so much for free will and bearing the consequences of our decisions.  Sure He has. According to His perfect will, and because He is God He has every right to intervene as He sees fit. But this doesn't mean He has prevented us from exercising our individual free will as human beings.  If God knows the future then all your choices are already predetermined and there is no free will, only the appearance of it. You can not seem to grasp this concept at all. You are confusing free will with conscience.  I can't grasp it because it just isn't true. The fact that God sees all, plays no part at all in your ability to make free will choices at all. To claim otherwise is evidence that you can't grasp the concept of either omnipotence or free will.   Judas was a pawn in God's plan he and as a pawn he was sacrificed and sent to Hell. Oh yes God intervened in human affairs by sending the Son, so much for free will.  Just like Judas whatever I do is what God makes me do.  WOW, you speak the exact opposite of what is true in reality. We know that Jesus knew prior to His betrayal that it was Judas who would betray Him. He so much as announced it at the last supper that one of the Apostles would. And being God incarnate He surely had the power to stop Judas from exercising his free will and carrying out his plan to betray Messiah. But what did Jesus say to him? Go and do what you must do. Is that what you call making him a pawn? Or did He, consistent with His nature NOT interfere with Judas plan which would have interfered with his free will?   Funny that the Jews don't accept your Messiah, Archie. I wonder why? emoticon_xangel  I've explained this spiritual dilemma to you already winny, and it would require too much time and bandwidth to explain it again here.   People who think are agnostics, those who don't are believers.  Does it really sound like I have not thought or have not been thinking based on these answers to your questions I have given here? Why is it that all you have are questions but no rational answers with which to justify your personal beliefs? That's because your personal beliefs are based only in what your own mind and imagination is able to conceive. Where as nothing I have said is my own creation but represent truths which are much greater than me and much deeper than the natural mind can conceive of or even appreciate/grasp. Which is why I will get no substantial response from you that reflects any depth or spiritual insights at all. You cling to the flesh because you can't see past it or beyond it in order to recognize the spiritual man which exists within you.
You couldn't answer the primordial question:  I did answer it. You just don't like the answer so in typical fashion you reject it as unanswered.  Where does evil come from if the Creator of everything and everybody has no Evil in Him ?  It comes from those who do it winston. It's just easier for you to blame God than those who actually commit it by their own free will.  When you die Archie, luckily for you, you wont be able to see that you were wrong about everything you blindly believed in. :(   We will both die one day winston, and you will learn then the true nature of good and evil. Just as your hope for the annihilation of the soul is proven to be as bogus as your understanding of who God is and the holiness which He represents.
Evil comes from those who do it? is that the best you can do Archie?   so this people produce Evil out of what, out of nothing? these people 'create' Evil? is that your answer?   If God created everything and everyone of us then it follows there is one guy who put Evil in the map and that is God, but God is Good so how do you explain Evil in us or the fallen angels?   You can't, Archie, for : "evil comes from those who do it" only prompts the question: and who put evil in them ?  Care to answer?  I did answer it winston. God gave us free will and Adam and Eve chose disobedience over obedience when by an act of their own free will they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. In other words they willingly gave up the innocence He created them with and took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL. But even then, we as children of Adam must choose to do evil according to our own free will just as they did when they acted in disobedience to Gods very stern warning to avoid only that tree in the garden or they will surely die (spiritually speaking).   So evil isn't something to be created, it is something to be known. It stands to reason that where good exists there is also the potential for the opposite of good, which is evil. But God didn't create us evil. He created us in perfect innocence. We chose that route according to our free will.   And you ignore that it was only God who was capable of undoing that separation that resulted from our fall which He accomplished by Himself becoming man and dying for our sins. You continue to blame Him for our rebellion as you ignore that He has personally sacrificed Himself for our redemption. So go ahead and blame God for your sins which only you have chosen to commit, and refuse His offer to save you according to His own sacrifice which paid the price for your sins unconditionally. See how far it gets you.
He created them with and took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL.  Took on the knowledge of Evil? so Evil existed before them for them to learn about it, or did God create them with knowledge of Evil? How could God who is wholly Good do that Evil thing?  To know about Evil is to know about something that already exists and if it exists is real (I am sure you don't deny Evil is real otherwise what is the point of arguing about it) .  If it is real who created it ?  Here; let's try this one more time. Rather than allow your redacted version of what I said to stand, let me just repost my complete post which very clearly explains the scriptural perspective. If it's beyond you to comprehend or accept it then that's fine with me. But please don't attempt to quote sections which break up a full thought that was originally clearly stated. It just exposes your dishonest attempt to ignore what I'm actually saying.  I did answer it winston. God gave us free will and Adam and Eve chose disobedience over obedience when by an act of their own free will they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. In other words they willingly gave up the innocence He created them with and they took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL. But even then, we as children of Adam must choose to do evil according to our own free will just as they did when they acted in disobedience to Gods very stern warning to avoid only that tree in the garden or they will surely die (spiritually speaking).   So evil isn't something to be created, it is something to be known. It stands to reason that where good exists there is also the potential for the opposite of good, which is evil. But God didn't create us evil. He created us in perfect innocence. We chose that route according to our free will.   And you ignore that it was only God who was capable of undoing that separation that resulted from our fall which He accomplished by Himself becoming man and dying for our sins. You continue to blame Him for our rebellion as you ignore that He has personally sacrificed Himself for our redemption. So go ahead and blame God for your sins which only you have chosen to commit, and refuse His offer to save you according to His own sacrifice which paid the price for your sins unconditionally. See how far it gets you.
you have no answer to the question : If God is only goodness then where does evil come from?  You know you don't have an answer but accepting this fact would destroy all what you believe in.   I feel sorry for you for all you believe in is make believe but if it carries you thru life ...  I've answered it 3 times now. Sorry it's beyond you to comprehend.  I did answer it winston. God gave us free will and Adam and Eve chose disobedience over obedience when by an act of their own free will they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. In other words they willingly gave up the innocence He created them with and took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL. But even then, we as children of Adam must choose to do evil according to our own free will just as they did when they acted in disobedience to Gods very stern warning to avoid only that tree in the garden or they will surely die (spiritually speaking).   So evil isn't something to be created, it is something to be known. It stands to reason that where good exists there is also the potential for the opposite of good, which is evil. But God didn't create us evil. He created us in perfect innocence. We chose that route according to our free will.   And you ignore that it was only God who was capable of undoing that separation that resulted from our fall which He accomplished by Himself becoming man and dying for our sins. You continue to blame Him for our rebellion as you ignore that He has personally sacrificed Himself for our redemption. So go ahead and blame God for your sins which only you have chosen to commit, and refuse His offer to save you according to His own sacrifice which paid the price for your sins unconditionally. See how far it gets you.
Where did the evil that they chose come from? The wording suggests it was there before they chose, they just didn't know the difference. So where did it come from?  Asked and answered already. Read my multiple answers again, but this time for comprehension.
Anthony, here are all of my responses in regard to the question of evil. Read them for my opinion. I see no reason to continue to answer the same question over and over again. There is such a thing as agreeing to disagree on a debate forum and I neither require nor expect unbelievers to comprehend or accept the spiritual answers I give. All I can do is answer the question and allow you to do with it what you will. if you click on the arrow by our names in each quote, it will take you back to the post so you can read the prior post and the complete response in context. Have fun. emoticon_xgood   So how come some good Angels created by Good God became evil Angels ?  If God is Good where does Evil come from? Simple question Archie   God intervened in human affairs countless of times as told in the Bible so much for free will and bearing the consequences of our decisions.   If God knows the future then all your choices are already predetermined and there is no free will, only the appearance of it. You can not seem to grasp this concept at all. You are confusing free will with conscience.   Judas was a pawn in God's plan he and as a pawn he was sacrificed and sent to Hell. Oh yes God intervened in human affairs by sending the Son, so much for free will.  Just like Judas whatever I do is what God makes me do.  Funny that the Jews don't accept your Messiah, Archie. I wonder why? emoticon_xangel  People who think are agnostics, those who don't are believers.  If It's such a simple question winny, then why ask it? It's actually a very difficult and complex question and can even vary depending on whose perspective you view it from. In other words, first define what evil is. How do we determine good from evil from our human perspective, and then, how does God define evil? Let me answer the second question first regarding how God defines Lucifers nature of rebellion as evil. Isaiah Said it best:  Isa 14:12 "How you are fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, [fn] son of the morning! [How] you are cut down to the ground, You who weakened the nations!  Isa 14:13 For you have said in your heart: 'I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will also sit on the mount of the congregation On the farthest sides of the north;  Isa 14:14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, I will be like the Most High.'  Isa 14:15 Yet you shall be brought down to Sheol, To the lowest depths of the Pit. Isn't this passage describing pride? And placing ones self interest above God who is worthy of our praise, respect and honor? Isn't that the sin that leads to the fall of not only Lucifer but of men who deny God the honor He rightfully deserves as the Creator of all that is?   So from our perspective, evil is an action which hurts someone else for the selfish purpose of benefitting the evil doer. This is why dictators, despots, tyrants and those who commit violence against the innocent for selfish purposes are considered evil people. But all those people are actually doing is placing their personal self interests above the welfare of others for selfish reasons. And they are becoming judges over life and death of others in order to accomplish their goal of personal enrichment and to secure or maintain their own hold on personal power.   They fail to understand that all good things come from God, and that their positions of power can only last and benefit others if they take their positions of authority over the lives of others as opportunities to serve the greater good rather than with a sense of entitlement in order to assure their own personal status or security.  As for why good Angels would become evil? It is incomprehensible for me to understand how Angels could exist in Heaven for I don't know how many millions of years before Man was created, and then decide to follow this creature named Lucifer who openly rebelled against the Creator. But here's the rub; it will happen again among the human race before Gods final cleansing of this human condition is accomplished. Let me explain.  After the end of this Age and the coming Tribulation period when Lucifer and his minions along with those who followed him are cast into the lake of fire by the Lord and His army, there will be 1000 years of peace on Earth when the lion will once again lay with the lamb. Jerusalem will be the Center of the Earth and those who survived the tribulation will have children who never personally knew sin or this spiritual battle which we have suffered through. This new generation of people will live in a perfect world of peace where God will once again walk with Man in the cool of the day.   The bible speaks of each believers book of life which tells the stories of our victories and failures in this Age, just as it speaks of the strengths, weaknesses, victories and failures of the great men of the bible. These books of life will be available for study for this generation which will know no death or suffering at all for that millennium of peace.  At the end of this thousand years, Lucifer and his minions will be once again released from the pit in order to tempt humanity for a period of time. Incredibly, a remnant of this humanity which has lived for a thousand years in peace and in the light of Gods love will once again be deceived and will follow satan in one final battle which will result in a final purging of evil and rebellion against God, which as you can see will only require an opportunity in which to show itself once again to become a reality.  But once again, this doesn't reflect on Gods holiness as much as it does on the fickleness of Man as he submits to evil and rebellion when Gods goodness is all around them. Here's how this event is described in Revelation: Rev 20:1 Then I saw an angel coming down from heaven, holding the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.  Rev 20:2 And he laid hold of the dragon, the serpent of old, who is the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years;  Rev 20:3 and he threw him into the abyss, and shut {it} and sealed {it} over him, so that he would not deceive the nations any longer, until the thousand years were completed; after these things he must be released for a short time.  Rev 20:4 Then I saw thrones, and they sat on them, and judgment was given to them. And I {saw} the souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony of Jesus and because of the word of God, and those who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received the mark on their forehead and on their hand; and they came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years.  Rev 20:5 The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were completed. This is the first resurrection.  Rev 20:6 Blessed and holy is the one who has a part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ and will reign with Him for a thousand years.  Rev 20:7 When the thousand years are completed, Satan will be released from his prison,  Rev 20:8 and will come out to deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together for the war; the number of them is like the sand of the seashore.  Rev 20:9 And they came up on the broad plain of the earth and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and devoured them.  Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.  Rev 20:11 Then I saw a great white throne and Him who sat upon it, from whose presence earth and heaven fled away, and no place was found for them.  Rev 20:12 And I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne, and books were opened; and another book was opened, which is {the book} of life; and the dead were judged from the things which were written in the books, according to their deeds.  Rev 20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged, every one {of them} according to their deeds.  Rev 20:14 Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire.  Rev 20:15 And if anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire.   Sure He has. According to His perfect will, and because He is God He has every right to intervene as He sees fit. But this doesn't mean He has prevented us from exercising our individual free will as human beings.    I can't grasp it because it just isn't true. The fact that God sees all, plays no part at all in your ability to make free will choices at all. To claim otherwise is evidence that you can't grasp the concept of either omnipotence or free will.    WOW, you speak the exact opposite of what is true in reality. We know that Jesus knew prior to His betrayal that it was Judas who would betray Him. He so much as announced it at the last supper that one of the Apostles would. And being God incarnate He surely had the power to stop Judas from exercising his free will and carrying out his plan to betray Messiah. But what did Jesus say to him? Go and do what you must do. Is that what you call making him a pawn? Or did He, consistent with His nature NOT interfere with Judas plan which would have interfered with his free will?     I've explained this spiritual dilemma to you already winny, and it would require too much time and bandwidth to explain it again here.     Does it really sound like I have not thought or have not been thinking based on these answers to your questions I have given here? Why is it that all you have are questions but no rational answers with which to justify your personal beliefs? That's because your personal beliefs are based only in what your own mind and imagination is able to conceive. Where as nothing I have said is my own creation but represent truths which are much greater than me and much deeper than the natural mind can conceive of or even appreciate/grasp. Which is why I will get no substantial response from you that reflects any depth or spiritual insights at all. You cling to the flesh because you can't see past it or beyond it in order to recognize the spiritual man which exists within you.  I asked you a simple question because I thought you could at least answer a simple one. You couldn't . All your verbosity and Biblical quotes can't disguise the fact that Evil, pride and it doesn't matter how you define Evil it has to come from God for God created everything and every creature in Heaven and Earth.  So how do you explain Evil in God? --------------------------------------------------------------------------  If you play with a loaded dice you may think that the outcome of every throw is random but is not.  If God knows all events in advance then there is no free will. You may ponder your choices but you can only make the one He already made for you. He controls everything, namely there is no free will  Of course, He is only your God, what your imagination think He is from those books you read, are dragons in the Bible also? I know there is a race of giants in it.   I don't have imagination :)  Only the truly uninformed would consider the question of evil to be a simple question winny, which explains your post that ignores everything I wrote. Sorry I wasted my time on you.    If It's such a simple question winny, then why ask it? It's actually a very difficult and complex question and can even vary depending on whose perspective you view it from. In other words, first define what evil is. How do we determine good from evil from our human perspective, and then, how does God define evil? Let me answer the second question first regarding how God defines Lucifers nature of rebellion as evil. Isaiah Said it best:  Isa 14:12 "How you are fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, [fn] son of the morning! [How] you are cut down to the ground, You who weakened the nations!  Isa 14:13 For you have said in your heart: 'I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will also sit on the mount of the congregation On the farthest sides of the north;  Isa 14:14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, I will be like the Most High.'  Isa 14:15 Yet you shall be brought down to Sheol, To the lowest depths of the Pit. Isn't this passage describing pride? And placing ones self interest above God who is worthy of our praise, respect and honor? Isn't that the sin that leads to the fall of not only Lucifer but of men who deny God the honor He rightfully deserves as the Creator of all that is?   So from our perspective, evil is an action which hurts someone else for the selfish purpose of benefitting the evil doer. This is why dictators, despots, tyrants and those who commit violence against the innocent for selfish purposes are considered evil people. But all those people are actually doing is placing their personal self interests above the welfare of others for selfish reasons. And they are becoming judges over life and death of others in order to accomplish their goal of personal enrichment and to secure or maintain their own hold on personal power.   They fail to understand that all good things come from God, and that their positions of power can only last and benefit others if they take their positions of authority over the lives of others as opportunities to serve the greater good rather than with a sense of entitlement in order to assure their own personal status or security.  As for why good Angels would become evil? It is incomprehensible for me to understand how Angels could exist in Heaven for I don't know how many millions of years before Man was created, and then decide to follow this creature named Lucifer who openly rebelled against the Creator. But here's the rub; it will happen again among the human race before Gods final cleansing of this human condition is accomplished. Let me explain.  After the end of this Age and the coming Tribulation period when Lucifer and his minions along with those who followed him are cast into the lake of fire by the Lord and His army, there will be 1000 years of peace on Earth when the lion will once again lay with the lamb. Jerusalem will be the Center of the Earth and those who survived the tribulation will have children who never personally knew sin or this spiritual battle which we have suffered through. This new generation of people will live in a perfect world of peace where God will once again walk with Man in the cool of the day.   The bible speaks of each believers book of life which tells the stories of our victories and failures in this Age, just as it speaks of the strengths, weaknesses, victories and failures of the great men of the bible. These books of life will be available for study for this generation which will know no death or suffering at all for that millennium of peace.  At the end of this thousand years, Lucifer and his minions will be once again released from the pit in order to tempt humanity for a period of time. Incredibly, a remnant of this humanity which has lived for a thousand years in peace and in the light of Gods love will once again be deceived and will follow satan in one final battle which will result in a final purging of evil and rebellion against God, which as you can see will only require an opportunity in which to show itself once again to become a reality.  But once again, this doesn't reflect on Gods holiness as much as it does on the fickleness of Man as he submits to evil and rebellion when Gods goodness is all around them. Here's how this event is described in Revelation: Rev 20:1 Then I saw an angel coming down from heaven, holding the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.  Rev 20:2 And he laid hold of the dragon, the serpent of old, who is the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years;  Rev 20:3 and he threw him into the abyss, and shut {it} and sealed {it} over him, so that he would not deceive the nations any longer, until the thousand years were completed; after these things he must be released for a short time.  Rev 20:4 Then I saw thrones, and they sat on them, and judgment was given to them. And I {saw} the souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony of Jesus and because of the word of God, and those who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received the mark on their forehead and on their hand; and they came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years.  Rev 20:5 The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were completed. This is the first resurrection.  Rev 20:6 Blessed and holy is the one who has a part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ and will reign with Him for a thousand years.  Rev 20:7 When the thousand years are completed, Satan will be released from his prison,  Rev 20:8 and will come out to deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together for the war; the number of them is like the sand of the seashore.  Rev 20:9 And they came up on the broad plain of the earth and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and devoured them.  Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.  Rev 20:11 Then I saw a great white throne and Him who sat upon it, from whose presence earth and heaven fled away, and no place was found for them.  Rev 20:12 And I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne, and books were opened; and another book was opened, which is {the book} of life; and the dead were judged from the things which were written in the books, according to their deeds.  Rev 20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged, every one {of them} according to their deeds.  Rev 20:14 Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire.  Rev 20:15 And if anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire.   Sure He has. According to His perfect will, and because He is God He has every right to intervene as He sees fit. But this doesn't mean He has prevented us from exercising our individual free will as human beings.    I can't grasp it because it just isn't true. The fact that God sees all, plays no part at all in your ability to make free will choices at all. To claim otherwise is evidence that you can't grasp the concept of either omnipotence or free will.    WOW, you speak the exact opposite of what is true in reality. We know that Jesus knew prior to His betrayal that it was Judas who would betray Him. He so much as announced it at the last supper that one of the Apostles would. And being God incarnate He surely had the power to stop Judas from exercising his free will and carrying out his plan to betray Messiah. But what did Jesus say to him? Go and do what you must do. Is that what you call making him a pawn? Or did He, consistent with His nature NOT interfere with Judas plan which would have interfered with his free will?     I've explained this spiritual dilemma to you already winny, and it would require too much time and bandwidth to explain it again here.     Does it really sound like I have not thought or have not been thinking based on these answers to your questions I have given here? Why is it that all you have are questions but no rational answers with which to justify your personal beliefs? That's because your personal beliefs are based only in what your own mind and imagination is able to conceive. Where as nothing I have said is my own creation but represent truths which are much greater than me and much deeper than the natural mind can conceive of or even appreciate/grasp. Which is why I will get no substantial response from you that reflects any depth or spiritual insights at all. You cling to the flesh because you can't see past it or beyond it in order to recognize the spiritual man which exists within you.  I did answer it. You just don't like the answer so in typical fashion you reject it as unanswered.    It comes from those who do it winston. It's just easier for you to blame God than those who actually commit it by their own free will.    We will both die one day winston, and you will learn then the true nature of good and evil. Just as your hope for the annihilation of the soul is proven to be as bogus as your understanding of who God is and the holiness which He represents.  I did answer it winston. God gave us free will and Adam and Eve chose disobedience over obedience when by an act of their own free will they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. In other words they willingly gave up the innocence He created them with and took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL. But even then, we as children of Adam must choose to do evil according to our own free will just as they did when they acted in disobedience to Gods very stern warning to avoid only that tree in the garden or they will surely die (spiritually speaking).   So evil isn't something to be created, it is something to be known. It stands to reason that where good exists there is also the potential for the opposite of good, which is evil. But God didn't create us evil. He created us in perfect innocence. We chose that route according to our free will.   And you ignore that it was only God who was capable of undoing that separation that resulted from our fall which He accomplished by Himself becoming man and dying for our sins. You continue to blame Him for our rebellion as you ignore that He has personally sacrificed Himself for our redemption. So go ahead and blame God for your sins which only you have chosen to commit, and refuse His offer to save you according to His own sacrifice which paid the price for your sins unconditionally. See how far it gets you.  Here; let's try this one more time. Rather than allow your redacted version of what I said to stand, let me just repost my complete post which very clearly explains the scriptural perspective. If it's beyond you to comprehend or accept it then that's fine with me. But please don't attempt to quote sections which break up a full thought that was originally clearly stated. It just exposes your dishonest attempt to ignore what I'm actually saying.  I've answered it 3 times now. Sorry it's beyond you to comprehend.  Asked and answered already. Read my multiple answers again, but this time for comprehension.
http://www.4forums.com/political/342264-post98.html
It is my understanding God was the one who created good and evil. That is, you had a choice of either choosing the first or latter. That choice was not available when Adam and Eve had no knowledge of it (they were innocent after all so they couldn't know right from wrong). There would be no point in his (Gods)"plan" if Adam and Eve did NOT eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Besides who created Satan? If God is an omnipotent being, why couldn't he just kill Satan than and there when he was trying to deceive A & E? It's obvious, that God planned it all. After all he knows everything. Not that it makes a difference to me, I'm not really religious anyways.;)
It is my understanding God was the one who created good and evil.  What do you base that understanding on charlie? What source of information, what ever it is, or they are that tells you that evil can be either created or destroyed? Doesn't Genesis clearly say that God placed the tree of the KNOWLEDGE of good and evil in the garden? Doesn't that imply that evil is a knowledge to be acted upon rather than a thing to be created? If evil was created, doesn't that imply that it can also be destroyed? Here we see the first references to evil in the bible. Gen 2:9 Out of the ground the LORD God caused to grow every tree that is pleasing to the sight and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of the "knowledge" of good and evil.  Gen 2:17 but from the tree of the "knowledge" of good and evil you shall not eat, for in the day that you eat from it you will surely die."If these verses say anything at all, they say that evil is a knowledge to be acted upon, not a thing to be created or destroyed. At that point, Adam and Eve had done nothing evil. All they had was the knowledge of it and that knowledge alone was enough to separate them from God. Gen 3:22 Then the LORD God said, "Behold, the "man has become like one of Us, knowing good and evil"; and now, he might stretch out his hand, and take also from the tree of life, and eat, and live forever"-- Now, the bible makes clear that God abhors evil, yet here He clearly states that Man has become like Him knowing good and evil. This also implies that although evil is something to be known, it doesn't follow that it must be acted upon since God cannot do evil. Here are the 507 uses of the word evil in the bible so you can see how many times it is referenced and warned against practicing according to Gods holy standards: Blue Letter Bible - Search Results for NASB   Here is the last mention of the devil who is the practitioner and promoter of evil in the bible.Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever. Notice that even then, God doesn't destroy him but merely separates him and the doers of evil for all time.   That is, you had a choice of either choosing the first or latter. That choice was not available when Adam and Eve had no knowledge of it (they were innocent after all so they couldn't know right from wrong).  This is the precise opposite of what was true and happened in reality. Just because A&E were totally innocent prior to eating of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, that in no way nullified their ability to make the choice to eat from it. That is proven in that God warned them not to eat of it or they would surely die. What neither them nor satan understood was that the death would be spiritual, not physical.   There would be no point in his (Gods)"plan" if Adam and Eve did NOT eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil.  True. Had we not fallen from grace there would be no need for the salvation which was accomplished when Jesus died on the Cross for our sins. But don't forget that had God not placed at least one free will choice for A&E to have in the garden then the concept that we possessed the power to choose would have been nothing more than lip service on Gods part. He had to offer them the ability to disobey Him in even one place in order to make free will a real and tangible right.    Besides who created Satan? If God is an omnipotent being, why couldn't he just kill Satan than and there when he was trying to deceive A & E?   Obviously He could have as far as His power is concerned. But this is one of the great theological questions of the Age and all we can do is deduce opinions and theories based on what we know of Gods character. It is my belief based on my knowledge of the bible that God has an everlasting commitment to all created beings never to destroy their essence, for lack of a better word.   I also believe that Gods relationship with the angelic hosts goes beyond human understanding and is based on concepts which we wont appreciate until we get to the other side. But it's evident that no matter what satan does, he will never be destroyed but only restrained from doing any harm at that future judgement. Remember also that the bible clearly say's that hell was created for the devil and his angels, not for human beings.Mat 25:41 "Then He will also say to those on His left, 'Depart from Me, accursed ones, into the eternal fire which has been prepared for the devil and his angels; So where as satan and his minions know that their fate is sealed, we have a choice. That is why the bible also gives this warning:1Pe 5:8 Be of sober {spirit,} be on the alert. Your adversary, the devil, prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour. Do you understand the depth of this warning? Let me give you the scriptural interpretation of this. How does a young healthy lion hunt its prey? It stalks them silently and finally pounces on them for a quick and sudden kill. But only old and toothless lions roar fiercely so as to scare and intimidate those they can no longer stand against. That is who satan is today since he was totally defeated and his power over men was neutralized by Jesus death on the Cross which undid the curse of our fallen natures through A&E. Only when we submit to evil by rebelling against God do we fall into the traps and snares of the devil, thereby allowing ourselves to be devoured by him in this spiritual battle.  What does this mean? That we have total victory over this toothless lion who can do nothing more to us than we allow him the power to do. All one need do is receive and accept what Jesus did for us on the Cross.  It's obvious, that God planned it all. After all he knows everything. Not that it makes a difference to me, I'm not really religious anyways.;)  What's obvious is that God foresaw it all. And what speaks to His unconditional love for us His creation, is that in spite of all of the heartache, rejection and pain we have caused Him, that He decided to go through with creating Adam and Eve at all. If anything charlie, you should be humbled and appreciative that Gods love for us is so complete that He would stick with us through such a spiritual battle when for the most part so many of us abandoned Him and even reject Him when He Himself paid the ultimate price to redeem us from our own freely chosen fallen nature. Have you responded to Gods unconditional acts of love, mercy and grace for you charlie?   This is why I say that I am not worthy of the grace and mercy which has been shown to me by a perfect and holy God whom I'm not worthy of standing before on my best of days.
I think what Archie is stating is that evil is NOT a THING but and ACTION.  You don't create an action...you merely lable it as being good or evil.  God pretty much says that doing what he wants you to do is good and not doing it, or doing something he says not to do is evil.  In the end, god is not a god of good or even evil but of dictatorial laws.  Actually, God is holy and perfectly righteous in all ways. And to put this as simply as possible, just as a parent first warns their child not to do what the parent deems dangerous, unhealthy or risky, and then disciplines him for doing it, so will we find out someday that our heavenly father was protecting us in the same exact way and was motivated by the same exact type of love for us as a parent has for his/her child.   To first think, and then express that God has laws for us simply to lord them over us like some sadistic ogre just reveals how clueless you are regarding His true nature.  Mat 7:8 For everyone who asks receives, and he who seeks finds, and to him who knocks it will be opened.  Mat 7:9 Or what man is there among you who, if his son asks for bread, will give him a stone?  Mat 7:10 Or if he asks for a fish, will he give him a serpent?  Mat 7:11 If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven give good things to those who ask Him! He loves us as a parent loves a child, and that love goes much deeper than just giving us good things. It also entails warning us about dangers we are unable to recognize.
Why? Just cause God (or one of his followers) told you to think that way? Your followon quote of the bible demonstrates the answer is "yes".  You were right the first time, it was God by way of His Holy Spirit which fills me with an indescribable joy which is beyond human understanding. I truly wish you could relate to what I know to be so true.  Yeah. So when dad beats you unconscious for being out too late, he's only looking out for your own good! emoticon_xgood  My dad never beat me ever, at all. And neither has my heavenly Father. God chastens those whom He loves. And why do you blame God for the actions of sinful men and women who weren't acting according to His perfect will? It makes no sense as you place your blame in all the wrong places.   God is assumed to be perfect and good. Examples where he endorsed slavery, misogyny, or genocide are to be ignored, or to be regarded as "for our own good". Promises of eternal torture and hellfire are to be regarded as "God knows best".  We've been through this same line of dishonest and irrational argument before, and you ran away from my answer then also. So here it is again. 4Forum Political Debates and Polls  And since we're all supposed to be God's children, promising eternal torture for those who don't fall in line says something pretty devastating about that theoretical omnipotent entity....  Talk about<b></b>: Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat...  You constantly blame God for the choices men freely make after God has supplied all of the avenues of escape from the danger and harm that those choices lead to. But I've been here long enough to know that you refuse to look inward when you can just as easily blame God for your sins. emoticon_xdonno
where does sin come from Archie? :)  Like everything else I've posted in answer to this question, this too is probably too deep for you to comprehend. But hey, nobody can accuse me of not trying to reach you. HERE
I feel sorry for Archie, I think deep inside he knows he has no answer, but to admit to it, it would mean losing his faith and without faith he can not face the world, not to mention death.  I am not cruel by nature or nurture so I will let Archie off the logical hook.  "Go in peace brother Archie and think no more" emoticon_xangel  I will leave it to the objective observer as to whether of not I have answered your questions winny, or whether or not you have just refused to accept the answer which reveals that evil is based on our knowledge of it, rather than being an energy to be created or destroyed. So you can think that you're letting me off of some proverbial hook if you like, but that doesn't let you off of it by any means. Because winny, you must still deal with its affect on the human condition as we all must, or fall victim to the result of it.  Here are my numerous responses to your questions. They reveal very well which one of us has been open and sincere in our exchange regarding the origin and nature of evil.  If God is outside time, in the sense that She knows present, past and future, then free will is an illusion.  If free will is an illusion then God knew that Eve would fail the test and drag poor Adam down with her. And that is one of many examples.  God is devilish then. emoticon_mad  Care to actually support this claim with a rational argument? Specifically, how does Gods omnipotence affect our choice to make individual choices no matter where in time we exist. Let me give you an example to further confuse you and trebor. If you witness a criminal committing a violent crime like shooting someone for example, is your viewing that action changing the outcome of his decision, or his action at all? Of course not. So why do you say that because God sees all, that He is affecting our free will at all?     That's an excellent example of God not interfering with our free will. God surely did know in advance that Eve would sin, but did He decide then, why bother creating this creature in my image? Why bother giving them free will? With all the time and pain I will receive by being rejected by so many of them who will carve false gods out of wood rather than acknowledge me, is it worth it? No, He went forward in spite of people like you deniers of Him ! In spite of the mess we made of this world, and in spite of our current spiritual state as a race, He created us and still loves us so much that He took flesh upon Himself and gave His own life as propitiation for our sins in order to undo what our parents did to cause this separation from Him in the Garden.   How sad that you take every good thing Yahweh has done and pervert it in order to twist it into your personal lie to slander Him with. emoticon_xdonno  So, rather than stay on point, you again expand the goal post from God seeing all to now interfering with our free will choices. Rather than hear my prior response you just ignore it and move on with your blaming God for our actions. You originally said this:    And I responded with this question which stated that free will is an allusion:    I responded by showing that because God can see all doesn't mean He is affecting our free will at all, nor is He obligated to since it was Him who gave us free will to begin with. But now you change the goal post above by showing that you neither understand or appreciate the concept that we have free will and that God wont interfere with that right. But He does warn us that we will reap what we sow. He warns us that there are repercussions for our choices which deny others their rights. But For God to be consistent, He wont deny you the right to commit evil if that is your choice. That doesn't make God evil, that makes you evil. Why can't you grasp that winston?     Evil existed before creation in the character of satan and his minions who fell from grace when they rebelled against God. So evil is a real energy which existed before we did. But God didn't create humanity with the knowledge of it as is shown in Genesis. God warned Adam and Eve to not eat of that fruit or else they would die (spiritually). But satan didn't understand that aspect of His warning and believed that if he could just get them to eat of that tree, he could destroy humanity through our parents alone thereby preventing Gods plan for a race of children who were created in His image from ever existing.   And your statement that evil didn't come from Adam and Eve is false. We inherited our fallen/sinful nature directly from them who took it upon themselves when they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil by an act of their own will. Also, if you truly define evil, it isn't an act, but is a knowledge which lies within us. Only when we act on that knowledge of evil does it become a source of energy which is felt not only by its victim but by those who witness its result.    I know I have free will because I have the choice to do what's right or what's wrong, just as you do. Nobody makes us do wrong except us. Just because God is omnipotent and omniscient and omnipresent, it doesn't mean God is obligated to intervene unless He is asked to by us which is what we christians call an answer to prayer. I have had God intervene in my life in times of immediate crisis which resulted in saving my life on at least 3 occasions which I'm aware of. I can't wait to know the actual number of proverbial bullets I've dodged because of His intervention which I was unaware of at the time.    Only you made you do it which is why you feel the guilt and conviction for the wrongs you have done. You only blame God in your conscious mind in order to relieve yourself of the responsibility which is yours alone due to your acting upon your own free will. What you MUST grasp is that your denials of Gods spiritual laws don't relieve you of the responsibility which those spiritual laws represent.  If It's such a simple question winny, then why ask it? It's actually a very difficult and complex question and can even vary depending on whose perspective you view it from. In other words, first define what evil is. How do we determine good from evil from our human perspective, and then, how does God define evil? Let me answer the second question first regarding how God defines Lucifers nature of rebellion as evil. Isaiah Said it best:  Isa 14:12 "How you are fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, [fn] son of the morning! [How] you are cut down to the ground, You who weakened the nations!  Isa 14:13 For you have said in your heart: 'I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will also sit on the mount of the congregation On the farthest sides of the north;  Isa 14:14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, I will be like the Most High.'  Isa 14:15 Yet you shall be brought down to Sheol, To the lowest depths of the Pit. Isn't this passage describing pride? And placing ones self interest above God who is worthy of our praise, respect and honor? Isn't that the sin that leads to the fall of not only Lucifer but of men who deny God the honor He rightfully deserves as the Creator of all that is?   So from our perspective, evil is an action which hurts someone else for the selfish purpose of benefitting the evil doer. This is why dictators, despots, tyrants and those who commit violence against the innocent for selfish purposes are considered evil people. But all those people are actually doing is placing their personal self interests above the welfare of others for selfish reasons. And they are becoming judges over life and death of others in order to accomplish their goal of personal enrichment and to secure or maintain their own hold on personal power.   They fail to understand that all good things come from God, and that their positions of power can only last and benefit others if they take their positions of authority over the lives of others as opportunities to serve the greater good rather than with a sense of entitlement in order to assure their own personal status or security.  As for why good Angels would become evil? It is incomprehensible for me to understand how Angels could exist in Heaven for I don't know how many millions of years before Man was created, and then decide to follow this creature named Lucifer who openly rebelled against the Creator. But here's the rub; it will happen again among the human race before Gods final cleansing of this human condition is accomplished. Let me explain.  After the end of this Age and the coming Tribulation period when Lucifer and his minions along with those who followed him are cast into the lake of fire by the Lord and His army, there will be 1000 years of peace on Earth when the lion will once again lay with the lamb. Jerusalem will be the Center of the Earth and those who survived the tribulation will have children who never personally knew sin or this spiritual battle which we have suffered through. This new generation of people will live in a perfect world of peace where God will once again walk with Man in the cool of the day.   The bible speaks of each believers book of life which tells the stories of our victories and failures in this Age, just as it speaks of the strengths, weaknesses, victories and failures of the great men of the bible. These books of life will be available for study for this generation which will know no death or suffering at all for that millennium of peace.  At the end of this thousand years, Lucifer and his minions will be once again released from the pit in order to tempt humanity for a period of time. Incredibly, a remnant of this humanity which has lived for a thousand years in peace and in the light of Gods love will once again be deceived and will follow satan in one final battle which will result in a final purging of evil and rebellion against God, which as you can see will only require an opportunity in which to show itself once again to become a reality.  But once again, this doesn't reflect on Gods holiness as much as it does on the fickleness of Man as he submits to evil and rebellion when Gods goodness is all around them. Here's how this event is described in Revelation: Rev 20:1 Then I saw an angel coming down from heaven, holding the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.  Rev 20:2 And he laid hold of the dragon, the serpent of old, who is the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years;  Rev 20:3 and he threw him into the abyss, and shut {it} and sealed {it} over him, so that he would not deceive the nations any longer, until the thousand years were completed; after these things he must be released for a short time.  Rev 20:4 Then I saw thrones, and they sat on them, and judgment was given to them. And I {saw} the souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony of Jesus and because of the word of God, and those who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received the mark on their forehead and on their hand; and they came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years.  Rev 20:5 The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were completed. This is the first resurrection.  Rev 20:6 Blessed and holy is the one who has a part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ and will reign with Him for a thousand years.  Rev 20:7 When the thousand years are completed, Satan will be released from his prison,  Rev 20:8 and will come out to deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together for the war; the number of them is like the sand of the seashore.  Rev 20:9 And they came up on the broad plain of the earth and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and devoured them.  Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.  Rev 20:11 Then I saw a great white throne and Him who sat upon it, from whose presence earth and heaven fled away, and no place was found for them.  Rev 20:12 And I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne, and books were opened; and another book was opened, which is {the book} of life; and the dead were judged from the things which were written in the books, according to their deeds.  Rev 20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged, every one {of them} according to their deeds.  Rev 20:14 Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire.  Rev 20:15 And if anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire.   Sure He has. According to His perfect will, and because He is God He has every right to intervene as He sees fit. But this doesn't mean He has prevented us from exercising our individual free will as human beings.    I can't grasp it because it just isn't true. The fact that God sees all, plays no part at all in your ability to make free will choices at all. To claim otherwise is evidence that you can't grasp the concept of either omnipotence or free will.    WOW, you speak the exact opposite of what is true in reality. We know that Jesus knew prior to His betrayal that it was Judas who would betray Him. He so much as announced it at the last supper that one of the Apostles would. And being God incarnate He surely had the power to stop Judas from exercising his free will and carrying out his plan to betray Messiah. But what did Jesus say to him? Go and do what you must do. Is that what you call making him a pawn? Or did He, consistent with His nature NOT interfere with Judas plan which would have interfered with his free will?     I've explained this spiritual dilemma to you already winny, and it would require too much time and bandwidth to explain it again here.     Does it really sound like I have not thought or have not been thinking based on these answers to your questions I have given here? Why is it that all you have are questions but no rational answers with which to justify your personal beliefs? That's because your personal beliefs are based only in what your own mind and imagination is able to conceive. Where as nothing I have said is my own creation but represent truths which are much greater than me and much deeper than the natural mind can conceive of or even appreciate/grasp. Which is why I will get no substantial response from you that reflects any depth or spiritual insights at all. You cling to the flesh because you can't see past it or beyond it in order to recognize the spiritual man which exists within you.  Only the truly uninformed would consider the question of evil to be a simple question winny, which explains your post that ignores everything I wrote. Sorry I wasted my time on you.    If It's such a simple question winny, then why ask it? It's actually a very difficult and complex question and can even vary depending on whose perspective you view it from. In other words, first define what evil is. How do we determine good from evil from our human perspective, and then, how does God define evil? Let me answer the second question first regarding how God defines Lucifers nature of rebellion as evil. Isaiah Said it best:  Isa 14:12 "How you are fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, [fn] son of the morning! [How] you are cut down to the ground, You who weakened the nations!  Isa 14:13 For you have said in your heart: 'I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will also sit on the mount of the congregation On the farthest sides of the north;  Isa 14:14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, I will be like the Most High.'  Isa 14:15 Yet you shall be brought down to Sheol, To the lowest depths of the Pit. Isn't this passage describing pride? And placing ones self interest above God who is worthy of our praise, respect and honor? Isn't that the sin that leads to the fall of not only Lucifer but of men who deny God the honor He rightfully deserves as the Creator of all that is?   So from our perspective, evil is an action which hurts someone else for the selfish purpose of benefitting the evil doer. This is why dictators, despots, tyrants and those who commit violence against the innocent for selfish purposes are considered evil people. But all those people are actually doing is placing their personal self interests above the welfare of others for selfish reasons. And they are becoming judges over life and death of others in order to accomplish their goal of personal enrichment and to secure or maintain their own hold on personal power.   They fail to understand that all good things come from God, and that their positions of power can only last and benefit others if they take their positions of authority over the lives of others as opportunities to serve the greater good rather than with a sense of entitlement in order to assure their own personal status or security.  As for why good Angels would become evil? It is incomprehensible for me to understand how Angels could exist in Heaven for I don't know how many millions of years before Man was created, and then decide to follow this creature named Lucifer who openly rebelled against the Creator. But here's the rub; it will happen again among the human race before Gods final cleansing of this human condition is accomplished. Let me explain.  After the end of this Age and the coming Tribulation period when Lucifer and his minions along with those who followed him are cast into the lake of fire by the Lord and His army, there will be 1000 years of peace on Earth when the lion will once again lay with the lamb. Jerusalem will be the Center of the Earth and those who survived the tribulation will have children who never personally knew sin or this spiritual battle which we have suffered through. This new generation of people will live in a perfect world of peace where God will once again walk with Man in the cool of the day.   The bible speaks of each believers book of life which tells the stories of our victories and failures in this Age, just as it speaks of the strengths, weaknesses, victories and failures of the great men of the bible. These books of life will be available for study for this generation which will know no death or suffering at all for that millennium of peace.  At the end of this thousand years, Lucifer and his minions will be once again released from the pit in order to tempt humanity for a period of time. Incredibly, a remnant of this humanity which has lived for a thousand years in peace and in the light of Gods love will once again be deceived and will follow satan in one final battle which will result in a final purging of evil and rebellion against God, which as you can see will only require an opportunity in which to show itself once again to become a reality.  But once again, this doesn't reflect on Gods holiness as much as it does on the fickleness of Man as he submits to evil and rebellion when Gods goodness is all around them. Here's how this event is described in Revelation: Rev 20:1 Then I saw an angel coming down from heaven, holding the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.  Rev 20:2 And he laid hold of the dragon, the serpent of old, who is the devil and Satan, and bound him for a thousand years;  Rev 20:3 and he threw him into the abyss, and shut {it} and sealed {it} over him, so that he would not deceive the nations any longer, until the thousand years were completed; after these things he must be released for a short time.  Rev 20:4 Then I saw thrones, and they sat on them, and judgment was given to them. And I {saw} the souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony of Jesus and because of the word of God, and those who had not worshiped the beast or his image, and had not received the mark on their forehead and on their hand; and they came to life and reigned with Christ for a thousand years.  Rev 20:5 The rest of the dead did not come to life until the thousand years were completed. This is the first resurrection.  Rev 20:6 Blessed and holy is the one who has a part in the first resurrection; over these the second death has no power, but they will be priests of God and of Christ and will reign with Him for a thousand years.  Rev 20:7 When the thousand years are completed, Satan will be released from his prison,  Rev 20:8 and will come out to deceive the nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together for the war; the number of them is like the sand of the seashore.  Rev 20:9 And they came up on the broad plain of the earth and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and devoured them.  Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.  Rev 20:11 Then I saw a great white throne and Him who sat upon it, from whose presence earth and heaven fled away, and no place was found for them.  Rev 20:12 And I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne, and books were opened; and another book was opened, which is {the book} of life; and the dead were judged from the things which were written in the books, according to their deeds.  Rev 20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead which were in them; and they were judged, every one {of them} according to their deeds.  Rev 20:14 Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. This is the second death, the lake of fire.  Rev 20:15 And if anyone's name was not found written in the book of life, he was thrown into the lake of fire.   Sure He has. According to His perfect will, and because He is God He has every right to intervene as He sees fit. But this doesn't mean He has prevented us from exercising our individual free will as human beings.    I can't grasp it because it just isn't true. The fact that God sees all, plays no part at all in your ability to make free will choices at all. To claim otherwise is evidence that you can't grasp the concept of either omnipotence or free will.    WOW, you speak the exact opposite of what is true in reality. We know that Jesus knew prior to His betrayal that it was Judas who would betray Him. He so much as announced it at the last supper that one of the Apostles would. And being God incarnate He surely had the power to stop Judas from exercising his free will and carrying out his plan to betray Messiah. But what did Jesus say to him? Go and do what you must do. Is that what you call making him a pawn? Or did He, consistent with His nature NOT interfere with Judas plan which would have interfered with his free will?     I've explained this spiritual dilemma to you already winny, and it would require too much time and bandwidth to explain it again here.     Does it really sound like I have not thought or have not been thinking based on these answers to your questions I have given here? Why is it that all you have are questions but no rational answers with which to justify your personal beliefs? That's because your personal beliefs are based only in what your own mind and imagination is able to conceive. Where as nothing I have said is my own creation but represent truths which are much greater than me and much deeper than the natural mind can conceive of or even appreciate/grasp. Which is why I will get no substantial response from you that reflects any depth or spiritual insights at all. You cling to the flesh because you can't see past it or beyond it in order to recognize the spiritual man which exists within you.  I did answer it. You just don't like the answer so in typical fashion you reject it as unanswered.    It comes from those who do it winston. It's just easier for you to blame God than those who actually commit it by their own free will.    We will both die one day winston, and you will learn then the true nature of good and evil. Just as your hope for the annihilation of the soul is proven to be as bogus as your understanding of who God is and the holiness which He represents.  I did answer it winston. God gave us free will and Adam and Eve chose disobedience over obedience when by an act of their own free will they ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. In other words they willingly gave up the innocence He created them with and took on the KNOWLEDGE OF EVIL. But even then, we as children of Adam must choose to do evil according to our own free will just as they did when they acted in disobedience to Gods very stern warning to avoid only that tree in the garden or they will surely die (spiritually speaking).   So evil isn't something to be created, it is something to be known. It stands to reason that where good exists there is also the potential for the opposite of good, which is evil. But God didn't create us evil. He created us in perfect innocence. We chose that route according to our free will.   And you ignore that it was only God who was capable of undoing that separation that resulted from our fall which He accomplished by Himself becoming man and dying for our sins. You continue to blame Him for our rebellion as you ignore that He has personally sacrificed Himself for our redemption. So go ahead and blame God for your sins which only you have chosen to commit, and refuse His offer to save you according to His own sacrifice which paid the price for your sins unconditionally. See how far it gets you.  Here; let's try this one more time. Rather than allow your redacted version of what I said to stand, let me just repost my complete post which very clearly explains the scriptural perspective. If it's beyond you to comprehend or accept it then that's fine with me. But please don't attempt to quote sections which break up a full thought that was originally clearly stated. It just exposes your dishonest attempt to ignore what I'm actually saying.  I've answered it 3 times now. Sorry it's beyond you to comprehend.  http://www.4forums.com/political/342264-post98.html  It is my understanding God was the one who created good and evil. That is, you had a choice of either choosing the first or latter. That choice was not available when Adam and Eve had no knowledge of it (they were innocent after all so they couldn't know right from wrong). There would be no point in his (Gods)"plan" if Adam and Eve did NOT eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Besides who created Satan? If God is an omnipotent being, why couldn't he just kill Satan than and there when he was trying to deceive A & E? It's obvious, that God planned it all. After all he knows everything. Not that it makes a difference to me, I'm not really religious anyways.;)  What do you base that understanding on charlie? What source of information, what ever it is, or they are that tells you that evil can be either created or destroyed? Doesn't Genesis clearly say that God placed the tree of the KNOWLEDGE of good and evil in the garden? Doesn't that imply that evil is a knowledge to be acted upon rather than a thing to be created? If evil was created, doesn't that imply that it can also be destroyed? Here we see the first references to evil in the bible. Gen 2:9 Out of the ground the LORD God caused to grow every tree that is pleasing to the sight and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of the "knowledge" of good and evil.  Gen 2:17 but from the tree of the "knowledge" of good and evil you shall not eat, for in the day that you eat from it you will surely die."If these verses say anything at all, they say that evil is a knowledge to be acted upon, not a thing to be created or destroyed. At that point, Adam and Eve had done nothing evil. All they had was the knowledge of it and that knowledge alone was enough to separate them from God. Gen 3:22 Then the LORD God said, "Behold, the "man has become like one of Us, knowing good and evil"; and now, he might stretch out his hand, and take also from the tree of life, and eat, and live forever"-- Now, the bible makes clear that God abhors evil, yet here He clearly states that Man has become like Him knowing good and evil. This also implies that although evil is something to be known, it doesn't follow that it must be acted upon since God cannot do evil. Here are the 507 uses of the word evil in the bible so you can see how many times it is referenced and warned against practicing according to Gods holy standards: Blue Letter Bible - Search Results for NASB   Here is the last mention of the devil who is the practitioner and promoter of evil in the bible.Rev 20:10 And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever. Notice that even then, God doesn't destroy him but merely separates him and the doers of evil for all time.   This is the precise opposite of what was true and happened in reality. Just because A&E were totally innocent prior to eating of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, that in no way nullified their ability to make the choice to eat from it. That is proven in that God warned them not to eat of it or they would surely die. What neither them nor satan understood was that the death would be spiritual, not physical.     True. Had we not fallen from grace there would be no need for the salvation which was accomplished when Jesus died on the Cross for our sins. But don't forget that had God not placed at least one free will choice for A&E to have in the garden then the concept that we possessed the power to choose would have been nothing more than lip service on Gods part. He had to offer them the ability to disobey Him in even one place in order to make free will a real and tangible right.     Obviously He could have as far as His power is concerned. But this is one of the great theological questions of the Age and all we can do is deduce opinions and theories based on what we know of Gods character. It is my belief based on my knowledge of the bible that God has an everlasting commitment to all created beings never to destroy their essence, for lack of a better word.   I also believe that Gods relationship with the angelic hosts goes beyond human understanding and is based on concepts which we wont appreciate until we get to the other side. But it's evident that no matter what satan does, he will never be destroyed but only restrained from doing any harm at that future judgement. Remember also that the bible clearly say's that hell was created for the devil and his angels, not for human beings.Mat 25:41 "Then He will also say to those on His left, 'Depart from Me, accursed ones, into the eternal fire which has been prepared for the devil and his angels; So where as satan and his minions know that their fate is sealed, we have a choice. That is why the bible also gives this warning:1Pe 5:8 Be of sober {spirit,} be on the alert. Your adversary, the devil, prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour. Do you understand the depth of this warning? Let me give you the scriptural interpretation of this. How does a young healthy lion hunt its prey? It stalks them silently and finally pounces on them for a quick and sudden kill. But only old and toothless lions roar fiercely so as to scare and intimidate those they can no longer stand against. That is who satan is today since he was totally defeated and his power over men was neutralized by Jesus death on the Cross which undid the curse of our fallen natures through A&E. Only when we submit to evil by rebelling against God do we fall into the traps and snares of the devil, thereby allowing ourselves to be devoured by him in this spiritual battle.  What does this mean? That we have total victory over this toothless lion who can do nothing more to us than we allow him the power to do. All one need do is receive and accept what Jesus did for us on the Cross.    What's obvious is that God foresaw it all. And what speaks to His unconditional love for us His creation, is that in spite of all of the heartache, rejection and pain we have caused Him, that He decided to go through with creating Adam and Eve at all. If anything charlie, you should be humbled and appreciative that Gods love for us is so complete that He would stick with us through such a spiritual battle when for the most part so many of us abandoned Him and even reject Him when He Himself paid the ultimate price to redeem us from our own freely chosen fallen nature. Have you responded to Gods unconditional acts of love, mercy and grace for you charlie?   This is why I say that I am not worthy of the grace and mercy which has been shown to me by a perfect and holy God whom I'm not worthy of standing before on my best of days.  I think what Archie is stating is that evil is NOT a THING but and ACTION.  You don't create an action...you merely lable it as being good or evil.  God pretty much says that doing what he wants you to do is good and not doing it, or doing something he says not to do is evil.  In the end, god is not a god of good or even evil but of dictatorial laws.  Actually, God is holy and perfectly righteous in all ways. And to put this as simply as possible, just as a parent first warns their child not to do what the parent deems dangerous, unhealthy or risky, and then disciplines him for doing it, so will we find out someday that our heavenly father was protecting us in the same exact way and was motivated by the same exact type of love for us as a parent has for his/her child.   To first think, and then express that God has laws for us simply to lord them over us like some sadistic ogre just reveals how clueless you are regarding His true nature.  Mat 7:8 For everyone who asks receives, and he who seeks finds, and to him who knocks it will be opened.  Mat 7:9 Or what man is there among you who, if his son asks for bread, will give him a stone?  Mat 7:10 Or if he asks for a fish, will he give him a serpent?  Mat 7:11 If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven give good things to those who ask Him! He loves us as a parent loves a child, and that love goes much deeper than just giving us good things. It also entails warning us about dangers we are unable to recognize.  Why? Just cause God (or one of his followers) told you to think that way? Your followon quote of the bible demonstrates the answer is "yes".    Yeah. So when dad beats you unconscious for being out too late, he's only looking out for your own good! emoticon_xgood < end sarcasm <  In the real world with real parents, we realize that parents can go "too far" some times. They can do things which actually harm the child, even if the parent has "good intentions". People evaluate parental actions, and decide if a line has been crossed.  In the theological world, some Christians refuse to think about even the existence of such a line. God is assumed to be perfect and good. Examples where he endorsed slavery, misogyny, or genocide are to be ignored, or to be regarded as "for our own good". Promises of eternal torture and hellfire are to be regarded as "God knows best". And if anybody has any doubts on that, a good Christian is supposed to refer back to the original "God is assumed to be perfect and good"... Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat...    You know, a lot of people will treat another person kindly if that "other person" sucks up obediently, without question, to the original person. That's just a know-brainer. There is a proverb about how a man can be judged (at least in some ways) by how he treats his *enemies*.  And since we're all supposed to be God's children, promising eternal torture for those who don't fall in line says something pretty devastating about that theoretical omnipotent entity....  You were right the first time, it was God by way of His Holy Spirit which fills me with an indescribable joy which is beyond human understanding. I truly wish you could relate to what I know to be so true.    My dad never beat me ever, at all. And neither has my heavenly Father. God chastens those whom He loves. And why do you blame God for the actions of sinful men and women who weren't acting according to His perfect will? It makes no sense as you place your blame in all the wrong places.     We've been through this same line of dishonest and irrational argument before, and you ran away from my answer then also. So here it is again. 4Forum Political Debates and Polls    Talk about<b></b>: Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat... Lather, rinse, repeat...  You constantly blame God for the choices men freely make after God has supplied all of the avenues of escape from the danger and harm that those choices lead to. But I've been here long enough to know that you refuse to look inward when you can just as easily blame God for your sins. emoticon_xdonno  where does sin come from Archie? :)  Like everything else I've posted in answer to this question, this too is probably too deep for you to comprehend. But hey, nobody can accuse me of not trying to reach you. HERE
Poor Archie,  As he has said there was Evil in the Garden of Eden from the very beginning, all it took was a bite and voilas it spread to us. So who put the Evil in Eden? Who created Eden? God, of course, but God as Archie repeats ad nauseum is ALL Good, there is no Evil in Him, so how did God produce Evil?   If Lucifer and his pals who were created by God, who only does Good deeds and makes Good beings turned Evil and rebellious, from what or from whom they acquired Evil?  Anyway, poor Archie has no answers, it is beyond him, so this is my final posting on this subject.  Very , very good question and if each answer did not result in a bitchfest then maybe we could get some good answers!
I'm basing my beliefs on what God has done. Had he not wanted people to have knowledge of good and evil he would have destroyed Satan long before he sent A&E to Earth. It is quite obvious that God created good and evil. There's just no other explanation. Besides I have read in some parts of the bible, really can't remember where that he himself has stated that he created evil, calamities, etc...
Very , very good question and if each answer did not result in a bitchfest then maybe we could get some good answers!  The problem is gansao, I have answered the same question nearly a dozen times already. Just because winny continues to ask the same question over and over phrased differently, it doesn't mean his question is valid. I even compiled my answers in one post for the sake of simplicity, here: http://www.4forums.com/political/343060-post116.html So I see no reason to continue to answer someone who lacks the intelligence to comprehend what has been stated as clearly as humanly possible. So don't encourage him, he has made it painfully clear that he really doesn't care about the answer.
I REPEAT!  The problem is gansao, I have answered the same question nearly a dozen times already. Just because winny continues to ask the same question over and over phrased differently, it doesn't mean his question is valid. I even compiled my answers in one post for the sake of simplicity, here: http://www.4forums.com/political/343060-post116.html So I see no reason to continue to answer someone who lacks the intelligence to comprehend what has already been stated as clearly as humanly possible. So don't encourage him, he has made it painfully clear that he really doesn't care about the answer.
Isaiah 45:7  The "Archies" of this world reckon that Isaiah, was referring to 'calamities', natural disasters, "acts of God", not moral Evil Of course to kill thousands in natural disasters is quite Evil to me.  so we are back to my question if God is all Good and he created everything, then where does Evil come from ??  Only God knows, right?? Archie doesn't.  As you post this single verse out of context and claim some imaginary interpretation as if it proves that God created evil, or does evil. Let's look at it in context to the statement He was making and we'll see if any of you still want to defend it as absolute truth. Also, let me ask you this; If God takes the prosperity that a proud and haughty man, for example, has experienced due to Gods blessing, away from that man, is that not a disaster in that persons life? Are you so hungry to attribute evil to God that you can't see that He uses Disaster as the opposite of prosperity in this passage, and not as the opposite of safety or peace, or some other word which connotes physical safety as opposed to physical harm? So once again you are wrong winny, I'm telling you this verse has nothing at all to do with physical calamities at all as charlie phrased it.   5 I am the LORD, and there is no other;  apart from me there is no God.  I will strengthen you,  though you have not acknowledged me,  6 so that from the rising of the sun  to the place of its setting  men may know there is none besides me.  I am the LORD, and there is no other.  7 I form the light and create darkness,  I bring prosperity and create disaster;  I, the LORD, do all these things.  8 "You heavens above, rain down righteousness;  let the clouds shower it down.  Let the earth open wide,  let salvation spring up,  let righteousness grow with it;  I, the LORD, have created it.  9 "Woe to him who quarrels with his Maker,  to him who is but a potsherd among the potsherds on the ground.  Does the clay say to the potter,  'What are you making?'  Does your work say,  'He has no hands'?  10 Woe to him who says to his father,  'What have you begotten?'  or to his mother,  'What have you brought to birth?'  11 "This is what the LORD says-  the Holy One of Israel, and its Maker:  Concerning things to come,  do you question me about my children,  or give me orders about the work of my hands?  12 It is I who made the earth  and created mankind upon it.  My own hands stretched out the heavens;  I marshaled their starry hosts.  As God declares that it was Him who made the earth and mankind, the universe and the stars, will you also defend with me the truth in that statement? Or will you only accept a passage which you misinterpret and believe you can use it to condemn or portray God in a negative light? Sadly, I don't even require an answer since I know it already. emoticon_xdonno
I REPEAT!  The problem is gansao, I have answered the same question nearly a dozen times already. Just because winny continues to ask the same question over and over phrased differently, it doesn't mean his question is valid. I even compiled my answers in one post for the sake of simplicity, here: http://www.4forums.com/political/343060-post116.html So I see no reason to continue to answer someone who lacks the intelligence to comprehend what has already been stated as clearly as humanly possible. So don't encourage him, he has made it painfully clear that he really doesn't care about the answer.   Exactly Archangel! Winston is asking unanswerable questions.It's like the child that asks 'why' every time you answer a question. When you come to the point that you want to whack it then it's time to ignore it.
Well, I do know that the writer of Deutro Isaiah (40-66) used the same word for 'calamities' that is used in Genesis for 'Evil' as in 'Knowledge of Good and Evil'  People love messing with translations to get a version that meets their theological expectations.  So the true translation is'Knowledge of good and calamities'. Interesting
Or woe.. the opposite of 'Good' at least. Perhaps it is 'KNowlege of good and bad'.  It is often translated at evil.   Woe seems to cover it better I suppose. Evil seems to suggest a thought or deed coming from the Devil.
Not in Judaism. The concept of 'Satan' is quite different in the Jewish religion verses Christianity, which took a lot of pagan concepts into it.  Not being a jew, I suppose I'll opt for the Christian Devil.
I guess some people are more comfortable with the idea of a psychotic demigod who wants to steal souls. Never could understand it myself.   Nor can I . Is that your interpretation of the christian devil?
That appears to be the interpretation of many Christians.  Christians seem to have many different interpretations of most things within Christianity
There is another explanation, but it doesn't involve god.  Well, there is, but for the sake of argument let's just keep at God.:)
Not in Judaism. The concept of 'Satan' is quite different in the Jewish religion verses Christianity, which took a lot of pagan concepts into it.  The idea of malevolent angels being the source of human misery is not an idea foreign to Judaism. Take "The Book of the Watchers".  It's this strain of Jewish thought that is responsible for the demonology in Christianity, not any "pagan concepts."
Where is it written that angels do not have free will( apart from your post)?
Oh, there are some ancient malevolent demons, but the concept of Satan is different. In the book of Job for example, Satan is an angel, and angels do not have free will. Satan (or the accuser) is the angel whose job it is to provide bad choices for man, so they can choose 'Good', and become more sanctified and life closer to God.  You aren't sufficently appreciating that religious concepts evolve and change over time. While "satan" did, at one point, refer exclusively to YHWH's angelic messengers, it eventually came to mean something different to groups of Jews in the Second Temple period.  And angels could be thought of as acting on their own. See, again, The Book of the Watchers.  Enoch was never considered cannon , and probably has a writing date of around 200 bce.  Watchers was definitely considered authoritative by some early Christians (Jude 14; "see, the lord is coming with thousands upon thousands of his holy ones to judge [etc]"). But in any case, early Christian angelology/demonology need not be directly dependent on this particular text. What matters is that the ideas it expounds were current at the time.
It is oral tradition in Judaism.  This link explains the attitude Orthodox Judaism: Hello, How are you doing...., types of angels, gan eden  And this particular link explains the Jewish concept of Satan in commentary about the Book of Job Iyov - Torah.org   As I said in my previous post I will stick to Christianity
maybe this will help  SUMMA THEOLOGICA: The will of the angels (Prima Pars, Q. 59)  Didnt help  It's Catholic and does not even seem to be sourced from the Bible. Might be wrong because I do not study links much more than I study copy and paste.
You asked where it was written, I gave it to you.  Unless, you really didn't want me to answer.  Maybe I wanted it from a source that was worth looking at
No problem .I've just found a site that states that no scripture says that angels do not have free will and plainly because some of them have fallen, they do The Free Will of Angels  Just goes to show .If you want a job done properly, do it yourself
You might want to run that one by Archie.  We have had this discussion before.  No problem .I've just found a site that states that no scripture says that angels do not have free will and plainly because some of them have fallen, they do The Free Will of Angels  Just goes to show .If you want a job done properly, do it yourself  This link of gansaos is actually very good and explains very well what I have argued here before. It properly say's that Angels DO have the power of self determination, which is evident in their ability to rebel against God when He determined to create Man in His image. What they don't possess is the true evidence of God given free will which is to be redeemed from our fallen state once we rebelled against God.   Lucifer understood very well that when God said let us make Man in our image what that entailed in its entirety, which is why he said he wouldn't serve Man. He understood that Man would be above the Angelic hosts by their very natures and independence to act apart from Gods specific will. I liken the difference in our relationships to a servant with very specific responsibilities which that servant may never stray from under any circumstances. If he does, he will be fired and never be forgiven for his independent actions or rehired again. This describes the Angels place in Gods hierarchy.  But Man with our free will also has the freedom of self determination. But with the gift of being created in Gods image with free will, we also possess the ability to come before our Father, repent for our rebellion and He will forgive us and accept us back into the fold. So self determination and free will are two very different characteristics since one allows for free thought and independent actions, where as the other holds one eternally responsible for acting independent of Gods will with no avenue for redemption.   Simply put, if the fallen Angels had free will as Man does, then simply refusing to serve this new creation of Gods wouldn't be unforgivable at all but there would an avenue open for God to forgive them and welcome them back into the fold.  However, no scripture declares that angels have no free will. From the fact of the fall of so many of them, they obviously have some form of self- determination. That is, they have the freedom to remain in that holy estate into which they were placed by creation or to leave their first estate for a lower one. "And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day" (Jude 1:6). Clearly, they are not robots unable to do anything but obey God.  However, their condition is not like that of man. Man can be redeemed from his fallen state by the applied blood of Jesus Christ. The fallen angels have no means by which they can return to their first estate after they leave it. They will all be cast into the "everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels" (Matthew 25:41). Also, there is no mix of obedience with disobedience in the angels as there often is in regenerate man. The angels in heaven perform the commandments of God with full obedience (Psalm 103:20-21). The fallen angels are simply "the angels that sinned" (2Peter 2:4). No good is seen in them.
You might want to run that one by Archie.  We have had this discussion before.   There has been many discussions repeated on this forum.Has that stopped you participating in them? Thanks for your advice
suit yourself. I didn't open the link you showed either I opened yours seemed boring and stated that the angels did not have free will when of course at least one of them did  The question of whether Angels have free will or not is a philosophical question and the Catholic Church knows a little bit about the Bible. I was taught by Jesuits so I know. Bully for you . I was taught by Miss Smith at Sunday school. The Catholic church knows thier twisted version of the bible quite well I am sure. My Father in law was also taught by Jesuits , thats why he hates it!  But, suit yourself, I don't care  Chao  ditto
Funny thing about the 'free will' concept. There is no mention of Free Will in the bible at all, or predestination.   But there is no mention of lack of free will either and as I stated at least one did exhibit thier free will by rebelling against God.  That is for man, and all sorts of big arguments people get into for that. .  And thereby causing confusion and hatred between men.      Of course, the passage that gets yanked out to show angels free will is from the book of Revelation, which is the most screwed up , drug induced bunch of gobble gook in the entire bible. There is so much 'code' and symbolism in that book you can make it out to be anything you want... or nothing at all.  Some think that they understand it. Not me though.
This link of gansaos is actually very good and explains very well what I have argued here before. It properly say's that Angels DO have the power of self determination, which is evident in their ability to rebel against God when He determined to create Man in His image. What they don't possess is the true evidence of God given free will which is to be redeemed from our fallen state once we rebelled against God.   Lucifer understood very well that when God said let us make Man in our image what that entailed in its entirety, which is why he said he wouldn't serve Man. He understood that Man would be above the Angelic hosts by their very natures and independence to act apart from Gods specific will. I liken the difference in our relationships to a servant with very specific responsibilities which that servant may never stray from under any circumstances. If he does, he will be fired and never be forgiven for his independent actions or rehired again. This describes the Angels place in Gods hierarchy.  But Man with our free will also has the freedom of self determination. But with the gift of being created in Gods image with free will, we also possess the ability to come before our Father, repent for our rebellion and He will forgive us and accept us back into the fold. So self determination and free will are two very different characteristics since one allows for free thought and independent actions, where as the other holds one eternally responsible for acting independent of Gods will with no avenue for redemption.   Simply put, if the fallen Angels had free will as Man does, then simply refusing to serve this new creation of Gods wouldn't be unforgivable at all but there would an avenue open for God to forgive them and welcome them back into the fold.  However, no scripture declares that angels have no free will. From the fact of the fall of so many of them, they obviously have some form of self- determination. That is, they have the freedom to remain in that holy estate into which they were placed by creation or to leave their first estate for a lower one. "And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day" (Jude 1:6). Clearly, they are not robots unable to do anything but obey God.  However, their condition is not like that of man. Man can be redeemed from his fallen state by the applied blood of Jesus Christ. The fallen angels have no means by which they can return to their first estate after they leave it. They will all be cast into the "everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels" (Matthew 25:41). Also, there is no mix of obedience with disobedience in the angels as there often is in regenerate man. The angels in heaven perform the commandments of God with full obedience (Psalm 103:20-21). The fallen angels are simply "the angels that sinned" (2Peter 2:4). No good is seen in them.  Thank you Archangel! Maybe Smiley was right in saying run it past youemoticon_xhoho
Wow, Archie actually admits that angels do have free will. That makes a change.  But then he goes and spoils it again by saying that they don't really have free will, but describes grace instead. He has a habit of redefining stuff.  And I thought he was actually going to admit his mistake. Silly me.  All seems to be explained as you read through the post
smiley    I liken the difference in our relationships to a servant with very specific responsibilities which that servant may never stray from under any circumstances. [/I][/INDENT]  Read this bit? I think what Archangel was saying is 'Clearly, they are not robots unable to do anything but obey God.' Which I quite clearly understood. Ok its a limited free will and I suppose that makes the definition open critcism from pedants but hey if he and I were perfect we wouldn't need you to correct usemoticon_xangel Thanks for the spelling lessonemoticon_xgood
I saw that bit, which means that they have free will.  And you're welcome. If ever you need me, just call. I'll try to be out.   ..and I'll be thankful for it.
What angels? Does the sun god have free will then? What about the god of the sea? Do ghosts have it? What about the giant plate of spaghetti in space that keeps watch on the ferries of the forest?  DUH...............   The giant plate of spaghetti in space keeps watch on the fairies of the forest dummy!Its the bake bean god that watches the ferries..well the English channel ones anyway! Thats why you get stomach upset when you cross it! Read and learn:)
So you didn't spot the bit where he tries to redefine what free will is.  Let me show you.   Yippee! He admits it. Okay, he still can't spell 'says' despite previous corrections, but he does admit that angels have the ability to self determine their actions. That is free will.  But wait   See? That bit where he redefines free will as the ability to be forgiven for your actions. That is what is actually called 'grace'.   And just to rub it in, we have this bit which states that Lucifer decided to act of his own free will because he was jealous that man would have free will.   And here again, where he tries to say that free will and self-determination are two different things.  Spot it this time?  Just as a little addition, let's look at how the Chambers English Dictionary describes free will.  free'-will' freedom of the will from restraint: liberty of choice: the power of self-determination.  Ta'dah! . . . Got it now?  The only problem with your distorted interpretation of my post is that mans definition of the words we use don't necessarily line up with Gods application of His eternal principles. What it comes down to, is that if Angels had free will as man does, then the fallen Angels could also be forgiven for their rebellion against God as we can. It's also interesting how you focus your criticism on my opinion while ignoring the link on the subject which confirms what I have said all along about this issue. Now feel free to distort that too.  This link of gansaos is actually very good and explains very well what I have argued here before. It properly say's that Angels DO have the power of self determination, which is evident in their ability to rebel against God when He determined to create Man in His image. What they don't possess is the true evidence of God given free will which is to be redeemed from our fallen state once we rebelled against God.   Lucifer understood very well that when God said let us make Man in our image what that entailed in its entirety, which is why he said he wouldn't serve Man. He understood that Man would be above the Angelic hosts by their very natures and independence to act apart from Gods specific will. I liken the difference in our relationships to a servant with very specific responsibilities which that servant may never stray from under any circumstances. If he does, he will be fired and never be forgiven for his independent actions or rehired again. This describes the Angels place in Gods hierarchy.  But Man with our free will also has the freedom of self determination. But with the gift of being created in Gods image with free will, we also possess the ability to come before our Father, repent for our rebellion and He will forgive us and accept us back into the fold. So self determination and free will are two very different characteristics since one allows for free thought and independent actions, where as the other holds one eternally responsible for acting independent of Gods will with no avenue for redemption.   Simply put, if the fallen Angels had free will as Man does, then simply refusing to serve this new creation of Gods wouldn't be unforgivable at all but there would an avenue open for God to forgive them and welcome them back into the fold.  However, no scripture declares that angels have no free will. From the fact of the fall of so many of them, they obviously have some form of self- determination. That is, they have the freedom to remain in that holy estate into which they were placed by creation or to leave their first estate for a lower one. "And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the judgment of the great day" (Jude 1:6). Clearly, they are not robots unable to do anything but obey God.  However, their condition is not like that of man. Man can be redeemed from his fallen state by the applied blood of Jesus Christ. The fallen angels have no means by which they can return to their first estate after they leave it. They will all be cast into the "everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels" (Matthew 25:41). Also, there is no mix of obedience with disobedience in the angels as there often is in regenerate man. The angels in heaven perform the commandments of God with full obedience (Psalm 103:20-21). The fallen angels are simply "the angels that sinned" (2Peter 2:4). No good is seen in them.
This is brilliant. Apparently god has a dodgy dictionary too.  Seriously though, you accuse me of ignoring the link on the subject. Let's have a look at it in detail.   I have highlighted all the 'will's (though some of them are just from the verb 'to do', like 'I will').  I fully admit that it says that angels have self-determination. I also admit that the passage says that angels either choose to submit to god's will or choose to leave the estate of heaven and be cast into everlasting fire. I also admit that it says that 'their condition is not like that of man', meaning the angels, but nowhere in that passage does it say that there is some special form of 'free will' that is defined by god that happens to have the same meaning as grace. That is purely your dillusion.  It even specifically states . . .    If I have missed something in this passage please point it out to me. Or you can just admit that you're wrong. That would be a miracle in itself.  What I find incredible is that you will focus on and bold the uses of the word will while ignoring the content of what the piece actually say's. It is attempting to explain that although they have the power to disobey God, they don't have the right to do it which is why they can't be forgiven for it. Without the freedom to reject Gods will, one doesn't have free will.
What I find incredible is that you will focus on and bold the uses of the word will while ignoring the content of what the piece actually say's. It is attempting to explain that although they have the power to disobey God, they don't have the right to do it which is why they can't be forgiven for it. Without the freedom to reject Gods will, one doesn't have free will.   Anyone who wanted to understand your post would have done so by now. Anyone who had not the slightest intention of trying to understand your post would have revealed themselves by now and they have!
Anyone who wanted to understand your post would have done so by now. Anyone who had not the slightest intention of trying to understand your post would have revealed themselves by now and they have!  True enough gansao, true enough. :xbanghead
Archie, gansao is pulling your leg and having a big laugh at your expense :)   Actually Winston that is not true. I was refering to Smiley who seems to be deliberately obtuse . I respect and admire Archangel .
OK, I like this one. You are right..the English have the Bangers and Mash to watch over their forest fairies... here is the giant Big Mac... and the giant taco in the sky watches over Mexican forest fairies...BUT THEY ALL HAVE FREE WILL...or not...or whatever lol  The Scots have thier own Big Mac.......
Stoppit! You're cracking us all up! :)  Well if ever I were to admire someone for third class witticisms you would be top of my list Penfold. Also I think the 'us' reference says a great deal. A bit like the girls playground when one girl says 'we dont like you ' to the unfortunate one who is not in the gang. Not suprised thoughemoticon_emb
Archie, gansao is pulling your leg and having a big laugh at your expense :)  Actually Winston that is not true. I was refering to Smiley who seems to be deliberately obtuse . I respect and admire Archangel .  Thank you for the support gansao, especially since admitting such a thing around here places a huge bulls eye on your own forehead. emoticon_xhoho
Thank you for the support gansao, especially since admitting such a thing around here places a huge bulls eye on your own forehead. emoticon_xhoho   No matter, all thier arrows have suckers on the end of thememoticon_smile  both sides
  Actually Winston that is not true. I was refering to Smiley who seems to be deliberately obtuse . I respect and admire Archangel .  Okay, I have a challenge for you (as Archie is far to proud to admit he is wrong).  Show where, in that link that Archie claims supports his position, it states that angels do not have free will. I have quoted it several times to show that angel do have free will. If I am wrong, you should be able to show it. If not then your respect is missplaced.  Isn't it interesting how smiley must narrowly define your endorsement for me by limiting your respect to one issue on one thread as if that is what your respect for me is based upon? And smiley, go gain some true spiritual insight and then we'll discuss the deep truths of the bible. Until then, you're nothing more than a tool for corrupting the truth. emoticon_xdonno
Okay, I have a challenge for you (as Archie is far to proud to admit he is wrong).  Show where, in that link that Archie claims supports his position, it states that angels do not have free will. I have quoted it several times to show that angel do have free will. If I am wrong, you should be able to show it. If not then your respect is missplaced.  Yawn... My respect for the man is not due to his prose, grammar or any other skill with his pen(or keyboard as I am sure you would point out). I understand what Archangel was saying.You are taking a very small part of the thread to criticise while ignoring the rest of the thread.   This seems to be the offending phrase  However, they were created with the ability and responsibility of self-determination. They can choose to leave the estate of heaven by an act of will. Or, they can choose to stay with God.    Yes it is free will.
Wait till you move up from junior school! emoticon_xdonno   And leave you behindemoticon_xclown
Thank you, that is all I wished to know.   I am not sure where your triumph lies.I have taken two sentences submitted by you and interpreted them as I see them. I could have taken your post and declared that it made no sense( you left a letter off of a word).  I would say that they had the same free will as a soldier has to leave the battlefield and his friends behind or a father has to leave his family behind just at the moment they need to be defended.   I am confused as you think that my respect is missplaced . Why should I not respect a man because of your hair splitting? Strange....
Then please take my entire post and show me where it makes no sense.  You are correct in that angels (if they existed) would have the same free will as a soldier or father, but both of those example still have free will. The quality you are looking at is that of accepting the consequences for one's action. That is not free will.  As to why I feel your respect is missplaced. I fail to see how you can respect someone who appears incapable of accepting that they may be wrong, someone who twists and squirms every time someone points out their errors, even to the extent of trying to redefine words so that they can declare themselves to be right. If you feel that these qualities are in some way admirable then there is nothing I can do for you.  I will accept that you may respect other qualities that he may possess, but to respect someone as a whole who displays such an extreme level of both ignorance and arrogance is, in my opinion, incredibly misguided.  Then why did you not take the whole of Archangel's post and try to make sense of it ?  What you have been doing is to try to be the very thing that you accuse Archangel of being. The twisting and turning as well as redefining words is something that many of the people that you seem to side with do. Why do you not point this out to them as well as thier ignorance and arrogance?  I do not agree with many, many things that Archangel believes and he is very aware of that but he has always been respectful to me. I cannot say that about most others on this forum.
The concept of free will is something that Archie and I have argued about on more than one occasion. He has yet to have the balls to admit that he is wrong, even when the links he claims as backing him up can be efficiently used to prove without a doubt that he is wrong.. Please tell me exactly what his version of free will is.   Please explain...  Because I still think that you are nit picking and being obtuse. Which is what I understand you think that Archangel is doing   Do you have any examples of what these other people have done, and how does that relate to this particular debate?... Oh please you read the threads as well as I do. Why do you see it in one person and not in the others? If I give examples you know exactly what it would lead to. You are worth more than denying that others twist and squirm when confronted with a question that they cannot or will not answer. How does that relate to this particular debate?Well it doent relate to anyones beef with God but I thought that you may have an issue with twisting and turning in general not just with one individual.    There may be hope for you yet.  Intended or not I will take that as a compliment
Here is his explanation from post #162 of this thread  They cannot be redeemed from their fallen state. They cannot be forgiven. They must accept the consequences of their action without any chance of forgiveness. They are without the 'grace' that has been granted to man. Do you see that this has nothing to do with free will?.  I think that I see what you are saying. That the consequences of exercising that free will is not the same as Man exercising his free will . In fact the consquences are so dire compared with Man that it negates the notion of free will when applied to Angels.   I am intrigued as to how this is nit picking.  If I were to tell you that you don't have legs (my sincere apologies if you happen to be an amputee), and you said that you did have legs and even produced a picture to prove it. I would then say that those were not proper legs as defined by the flying spagghetti monster. You then showed me the dictionary definition of legs and even supplied an x-ray to show that your legs had all the attributes necessary for them to be described as legs. Then someone else came along and accused you of nit picking, would you feel justly accused?  I am in no way accusing Archie of nit picking, I am accusing him of making a statement that is 100% wrong, and not having the balls to admit it. Unless, of course, you wish to redifine the term nit picking..  I picked up my Oxford English dictionary and I found two definitions of free will 1 the power of acting without the constraint of necessity or fate... This would favour your argument Smiley I would say . That is if the consquences of free will would result in never to regain favour with God , the notion of free will is negated. 2 the ability to act at one's own discretion...this disregards the consequences of one's action therefore it does not come within the definition of free will therefore would favour Archangel. I am sure that both you and Archangel could blow holes in my interpretation. In fact that is not the point.    I am fully prepared to admit that others use the same technique when confronted with questions that they are not prepared to answer. However, I have not stated that I respect these people. You have specifically stated that you respect Archie, and I have questioned that respect on these specific qualities...  I am not about to blow too much smoke up Archangel's backside at this time and doing so would probably make things worse. Maybe I am wrong but I like and respect a lot of people that I am sure would do much worse than argue with someone about the meaning of free will.Perhaps I mix in the wrong circles. As stated I have always found him polite and courteous even when he knows that I disagree with him. He knows his Bible and I am very interested in his take on it.( although his interpretation of it is not always something that I agree with). He believes that the Bible is God's word and defends that belief.  I would admire him for that alone, to be honest that's enough smoke for now    It certainly was not meant in disrespect.  I thank you for that.
Since smiley insists on being pedantic as he claims I refuse to admit I'm wrong, it's only because I'm not wrong according to the scriptures regarding the Angels relationship with God. So let me simplify my explanation further for you.   ANGELS DON'T HAVE FREE WILL AS MAN DOES. IF THEY DID, THEY TOO COULD BE FORGIVEN FOR SINNING AGAINST GOD AS WE CAN BE. WHAT ANGELS DO HAVE AS SENTIENT BEINGS IS THE POWER TO CHOOSE TO DISOBEY GOD WHICH THEY WILL RECEIVE THE PUNISHMENT FOR DOING.   There is a difference between possessing free will and having the power to choose as is evidenced by our opportunity to ask for and receive forgiveness which Angels don't possess if they choose to disobey God. If this is beyond you to accept, then tough turkey. There is no rule here that we must either agree on any given issue or to debate an issue until one convinces the other of their perspective. So if this concept is beyond you to understand, then all I can say is believe what you will.
The concept of free will is certainly not beyond me. Just because you choose to redefine it as the the ability to be forgiven for your actions does not make it so.  And just because you refuse to understand that being creatures who have stood before God are allowed to make choices as sentient beings, do NOT possess the free will to make those choices does not make me wrong either in my understanding of the issue or in attempting to clarify the difference in our relationships with God.   As I have stated before, what you are describing is 'grace', not 'free will'.  I understand your point, but why do we receive grace and it isn't available in any way to the angels? It is because we are created in GODS IMAGE, while they are created to serve Gods will, not their own wills. They are intelligent, powerful, supernatural beings who have access to eternity, and whom God created with personalities, but they don't possess the position to act apart from Gods will even though they have the ability to disregard His will as intelligent creatures. This is a fine distinction, I admit that.   But it is an important distinction which clarifies the differences between our respective relationships (Mans and Angels) as those relationships apply to God our maker. We were created with free will, just as God has free will. The angels have no such position in Gods hierarchy in creation. In other words, the ability to choose to disobey God is not a right they were created with which is why they can't be forgiven for doing it. And that right to act independently from Gods will is the ultimate distinguishing characteristic of what true and complete God given free will represents. We have it, they don't.
Now you're contradicting yourself.   Either they can't act apart from god's will, in which case there would have been no rebellion, or they canand there was, meaning they have free will.   Here is the point at which you lose the plot. Just because you don't have the right to do something, does not mean that you cannot choose to do so. It is the fact that you can make that choice that determines whether or not you have free will.  As to why man receives grace and angels do not, I have to say I don't know, I don't care, and I don't believe in all that rubbish anyway. But it is still 'grace' and not 'free will'.  I have not contradicted myself at all smiley. And these two paragraphs below explain the distinction between Man and angels positions as clearly as humanly possible "for me". One final way of defining our relationships is that we were created for fellowship with God while angels were created to serve Gods will. If you can't appreciate that distinction then I can also accept that - but there is no more I can say to expound further or more accurately our respective positions as created beings in Gods hierarchy.   As I have stated before, what you are describing is 'grace', not 'free will'.  I understand your point, but why do we receive grace and it isn't available in any way to the angels if they also have free will? It is because we are created in GODS IMAGE, while they were created to serve Gods will, not their own wills. They are intelligent, powerful, supernatural beings who have access to eternity, and whom God created with personalities, but they don't possess the position to act apart from Gods will even though they have the ability to disregard His will as intelligent creatures. This is a fine distinction, I admit that.   But it is an important distinction which clarifies the differences between our respective relationships (Mans and Angels) as those relationships apply to God our maker. We were created with free will, just as God has free will. The angels have no such position in Gods hierarchy in creation. In other words, the ability to choose to disobey God is not a right they were created with which is why they can't be forgiven for doing it. And that right to act independently from Gods will is the ultimate distinguishing characteristic of what true and complete God given free will represents. We have it, they don't.
Yeah, but I can use my Free Will to get fish and chips here in the US...but that doesn't make me British or Fish and Chips 'American' food...lol...   GOD CREATED THE BIG MAC...the DEVIL created French Fries...hehe   English fish and chips are different to American fish and chips. In England the waitress always coughs into the bag before she serves them. If you eat enough fish and chips it will make you British .. its a known fact.
Even though I admit to have thrown a match or two on the fire I feel that I must withdraw from this particular point of the debate. I think that I have my take on the matter and so I will leave you two guys to slug it out but as us Thames estuary marsh monkeys would say 'LEAVE IT OUT SON. IT AINT WORTH IT MATE!:)
Standing before God?  Has anyone experienced that?  Not in this flesh we haven't, but we all will at the judgment. Of that you can be certain. emoticon_xgood
Should that occur, I will very happily stand in judgment of God in that moment.  God, you have been an incredibly terrible God!  See what your people have done to other peoples, the wretched cruelties and injustices done by your people in your name!  I condemn you to eternal damnation for all the damage you have done to the world in your jealous iniquity.  You say that now in the fog of your shallow human ignorance. What you fail to realize is that the moment you shed this flesh your spiritual mind which will finally be capable of seeing clearly who God is and what His perfect holiness truly represents; you will then fully understand the full extent of the rebellion you represented in the flesh and that you rejected every attempt He made to reach you with His love. At that point, you will condemn yourself for rejecting the whole and complete reason for your existence. Then you will understand TRUTH, be it too late to save your own soul as you mourn the fact that your life was wasted. emoticon_xdonno
I was an Essex boy for a while as a child, so I know exactly what you mean.   I didn't know that you are English Smileyemoticon_xhoho
I really can't believe you just uttered that utterly ridiculous claim. Either you don't know what your own Biblical history says, or you don't have any qualms with lying.  Exodus 21:7: "And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not go out as the menservants do." Leviticus 25:44-46: "Your male and female slaves are to come from the nations around you; from them you may buy slaves. You may also buy some of the temporary residents living among you and members of their clans born in your country, and they will become your property. You can will them to your children as inherited property and can make them slaves for life, but you must not rule over your fellow Israelites ruthlessly." (NIV) When a man sells his daughter as a slave, she will not be freed at the end of six years as the men are. If she does not please the man who bought her, he may allow her to be bought back again. But he is not allowed to sell her to foreigners, since he is the one who broke the contract with her. And if the slave girl's owner arranges for her to marry his son, he may no longer treat her as a slave girl, but he must treat her as his daughter. If he himself marries her and then takes another wife, he may not reduce her food or clothing or fail to sleep with her as his wife. If he fails in any of these three ways, she may leave as a free woman without making any payment. (Exodus 21:7-11 NLT) When a man strikes his male or female slave with a rod so hard that the slave dies under his hand, he shall be punished. If, however, the slave survives for a day or two, he is not to be punished, since the slave is his own property. (Exodus 21:20-21 NAB) Slaves, obey your earthly masters with deep respect and fear. Serve them sincerely as you would serve Christ. (Ephesians 6:5 NLT)  Slavery is not prohibited outright due to the surrounding cultures of the time, which I have already made clear. And there are certainly negative aspects to it such as the possibility of limited beating of slaves which, if severe, was punishable by law; such laws didn't exist anywhere else at that time in history.  Yet Mosaic legislation simultaneously expresses the hopeful goal of eradicating slavery-a theme of Deuteronomy 15-while both diminishing the staying power of slavery in light of the exodus and controlling the institution of slavery in light of the practical fact that misfortune in a subsistence culture could reduce anyone to poverty and indebtedness. Indeed, God's reminder to Israel of her own history exposes the reality of this institution as "less than ideal".  God had redeemed Israel from slavery to become his people (Exod. 20:7), and his redemptive activity was to be a model for Israel's conduct within society-however miserably she happened to fail at this. "You shall not wrong a stranger or oppress him, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt (Exod. 22:21). Even more poignant is Exodus 23:9: "You shall not oppress a stranger, since you yourselves know the feelings of a stranger, for you also were strangers in the land of Egypt." Indeed, the command to love a stranger as oneself is rooted in the fact that "you were aliens in the land of Egypt" (Lev. 19:34). The atheists love to overlook or avoid these strong undertones, which help sow the seeds of slavery's own destruction.  With that said, the three main texts regarding slave legislation (Exod. 21; Lev. 25; Deut. 15) reveal a morally-improved legislation as the text progresses when compared to any form of slavery which existed anywhere else in the ancient world. You refuse to judge Israel in context of the world they existed within at the time. Christopher Wright (in response to Gordon McConville) persuasively contends, however, that we should give the final Pentateuchal editor(s) the benefit of the doubt, who would certainly have been aware of these differences but kept all of these texts in place; this suggests a reconciliation or rationale for doing so. Wright sees Deuteronomy "modifying, extending, and to some extent reforming earlier laws, with additional explicit theological rationale and motivation." He goes so far as to say that while Exodus 21 emphasizes the humanness of slaves, even the ancient Israelite would recognize that Deuteronomy 15 was in tension with earlier legislation. So, to obey Deuteronomy "necessarily meant no longer complying with Exodus." This point serves to illustrate the "living, historical and contextual nature of the growth of Scripture. "Reflecting upon the wider canonical framework reminds us that we should not focus on one single text alone. Indeed, Genesis 1-2 remind us of God's creational ideals that were clouded and distorted by human falseness. You seem to have this impression that God was obligated or inclined to intervene into the affairs of the jews in a personal way when what He did was guide them but never restrained them from exercising their own free will as a people or a nation. Just as God deals with believers today. He guides us but never does He force us to do anything. God never over rides mans free will under any circumstances. Then, just as now, it is when we obey him that all of the pieces seem to fall into place. When we rebel, we reap what we sow apart from Gods will or intrusion. Is Yahweh a Moral Monster? - Evangelical Philosophical Society
Funny thing foundit, I thought this was a discussion about slavery, but rather than respond to that issue, you must assume I purposely with held the link even though it happens regularly with no condemnation from your side at all.   And just for the record, here is the original post of mine which you are responding to. Interesting how you have ignored responding to the rest of it as you continue to seek to demonize the God of Israel while ignoring the atrocities which occurred in the lawless nations around her at that time in history. emoticon_xdonno May I assume your typical and oft repeated anti christian hate speech is directed at me once again? In short, you are dead wrong and are corrupting the actual truth with your very generalized attack as you make these claims out of context, both actual and historical. You call God a misogynist when it was the Jews who's women had more civil and human rights than any other civilization in the Ancient World.   The bible is clear that God hates divorce, but He instituted it in Israel because men were putting women out of their homes with nothing. No other civilizations had rights like that for women for hundreds of years. You will say how barbaric it was to stone a prostitute by LAW in Israel. How terrible and misogynistic of God. But that's just because you have no moral center to speak of.   You see foundit, in the neighboring countries, prostitution was rampant, but thousands of them were killed each year by savage men who raped and beat them and killed them for sport. After all foundit, prostitutes, much less any women had no rights of protection by law in those barbaric countries. Meanwhile, back in Israel, women were protected, respected and honored as valued citizens who contributed to their Society. And they knew the Law so the thought of demeaning themselves in such a filthy way was beyond comprehension to them.   So you feel free to focus on the law in Israel rather than focus on the reality for the women in other countries where no such laws existed to protect women from ever being forced into such a life of quiet desperation and ultimate futility. So let's talk about true misogyny and then you tell me why you support and promote prostitution when women had no rights of protection at all in those countries?   Also, in the ancient world every king in every kingdom in the known world had private armies which served them only. When those armies traveled the countryside, they had their way with any citizen for any reason they could dream up. If they needed food or money, they just took it from who ever was unfortunate enough to cross their paths. If they didn't like how someone looked at them they could kill them with no concern about legal retribution.  But not in Israel. The very first civilian based police force was founded by God in Israel a thousand years before the concept was accepted anywhere else on Earth. And these weren't just cops. They were boys chosen at birth and raised in the Law their whole lives as they were taught righteous understanding in full knowledge that they were representing Yahweh as a protector and defender of the innocent. Israel had a compassionate and intricate legal system which sought to find the truth rather than just convict the most available suspect while all other countries were tyrannical kingdoms which lacked all civil laws which protected regular citizens. And remember foundit, I'm talking about 1500 BC. Europe was still barbaric during the Dark Ages between 900 and 1400 AD.  As for your claim of slavery, if you bothered seeking the truth of what the bible say's about it, you would see that God opposed slavery. But being the incredible God that He is, who understood that Israel was surrounded by Countries which all practiced this barbaric trade, God instituted Laws for how Jews were to treat slaves and had mandatory freedom clauses built in so slaves of jews knew going in that their eventual freedom was assured during their lifetime. No other Country ever offered this promise to slaves. Jewish slaves were treated as member of the family and could even inherit property like a child would.   Now name for me the other countries which treated their slaves like equals foundit? And why don't you ever complain about all of the other slavery in the Ancient world as you attempt to condemn Israel so absolutely blindly and unfairly as you do?   Now for the so called Genocide: I realize that you refuse to place any biblical historical event in its proper context considering the time in history these events took place, but that is what's required if someone wants to find the truth. The reality is that the land God was leading Moses to was occupied by barbarians who worshiped the Sun and Moon and carved idols out of wood and stone to pray to them. These people were violent and blood thirst kingdoms who usually wouldn't even allow strange tribes to cross their land.   So God ordered Israel to wipe out their enemies before their enemies wiped them out. Also, there was another reason for such complete annihilation, that was in order to prevent the cultures of these heathen Nations from infecting Israel with their heathen and godless customs, and to protect the traditions and Laws which God had given the Jews. I know that concept of wiping the enemy out offends your modern sensibilities, but it was necessary for survival and so they wouldn't live under constant threats of invasion or cultural infection as Israel does today with their neighbors who hate them so passionately. I could go on, but I'm sure none of this will pierce the mill stone which is rolled over the door of your heart. So why bother.
OK, first off, this thread is for people who are either partially convinced about the existence of God, or have some problem with the nature of God as they understand it. this is not a thread where evidence is needed, just opinions and personal persuasions. if you believe God exists or have absolutely no doubt that God exists, then you can contribute, but its not the intention of this thread to prove that God exists or not. its just to explore the reasons why people believe or doubt whatever about God  Why do I have to have a reason when I have absolutely no doubt that God exists? End of contribution.
I believe that if you are brainwashed to believe that some BEING is watching your every move and that if you do something He doesn't like, he'll send you to be tortured for eternity, than you don't really have 'freewill'.   You've obviously missed everything I've ever said regarding the gospel and what it means to be saved if you believe this CxT. That paragraph doesn't describe in any way what it means to be a believer in God through Christ.  I do something my heavenly father doesn't like every day simply because He is perfectly holy and I could never live up to His perfect standards. Yet I have no fear of condemnation since I have received the free gift of salvation through Christ's sacrifice on the Cross which was freely given as propitiation for my sins.  The deeper issue is that God became Man and gave Himself for us because He can't be in the presence of sin, that is why we need to receive that freely offered gift if we want to spend eternity with Him. If you or anyone feels you don't care what eternity brings, or you don't want to spend it with such a God, then you are absolutely free to face Him at the judgment on your own merits. The problem we have is found in one verse in the bible which describes every persons need. It say's; "For all have sinned and fall short of the Glory of God, not one is worthy, not even one." Romans 3:23  This passage describes humanity more completely.  Romans 3:10-18: "There is no one righteous, not even one; 11there is no one who understands, no one who seeks God. 12All have turned away, they have together become worthless; there is no one who does good, not even one." 13"Their throats are open graves; their tongues practice deceit." "The poison of vipers is on their lips." 14"Their mouths are full of cursing and bitterness." 15"Their feet are swift to shed blood; 16ruin and misery mark their ways, 17and the way of peace they do not know." 18"There is no fear of God before their eyes." What is relevant about our relationship with God is not that He is looking down on us just waiting to through the book at us, no; He lives within us by way of His Holy Spirit so we are never alone again but dwell and live in His presence day by day. This relationship is supernatural and beyond human understanding on a natural level. If you could only see through my eyes and with my mind for a minute, you would never again want to be without what I possess which is God in me and nothing which speaks to my righteousness at all, but Him in me.    It might make you behave better, but doing the right things because they are right is better than not doing bad because you'll be punished. Much religion does equal slavery of the mind!  The only way to be punished by God for doing bad is to die in the unredeemed state of sin. So people like me are assured protection from such an end due to the blood covering of Jesus sacrifice for us. I seek to be more like Christ because that is the standard my father set for me and all of His children. He said to be holy for I am Holy. I don't follow Him out of any fear of punishment, but out of a sincere love for my savior who though perfect and sinless as an unblemished lamb, gave His life for me so that I might live and live more abundantly. Here's a cute story that say's it very well. The Duck & the Devil  There was a little boy visiting his grandparents on their farm.  He was given a slingshot to play with out in the woods.  He practiced in the woods; but he could never hit the target.  Getting a little discouraged, he headed back for dinner.  As he was walking back he saw Grandma's pet duck.  Just out of impulse, he let the slingshot fly,  hit the duck square inthe head and killed it. He was shocked and grieved!   In a panic, he hid the dead duck in the wood pile; only to see his sister watching! Sally had seen it all, but she said nothing. After lunch the next day Grandma said, 'Sally, let's wash the dishes'  But Sally said, 'Grandma, Johnny told me he wanted to help in the kitchen.'  Then she whispered to him, 'Remember the duck?'  So Johnny did the dishes.   Later that day, Grandpa asked if the children wanted to go fishing  and Grandma said, 'I'm sorry but I need Sally to help make supper.'  Sally just smiled and said, 'Well that's all right because Johnny told me he wanted to help' She whispered again, 'Remember the duck?'  So Sally went fishing and Johnny stayed to help. After several day of Johnny doing both his chores and Sally's; he finally couldn't stand it any longer. He came to Grandma and confessed that he had killed the duck. Grandma knelt down, gave him a hug and said, 'Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing, but because I love you, I forgave you. I was just wondering how long you would let Sally make a slave of you.'   Thought for the day and every day thereafter?   Whatever is in your past, whatever you have done... And the devil keeps throwing it up in your face (lying, cheating, debt, fear, bad habits, hatred, anger, bitterness, etc.) ..whatever it is...You need to know that God was standing at the window and He saw the whole thing. He has seen your whole life. He wants you to know that He loves you and that you are forgiven. He's just wondering how long you will let the devil make a slave of you. The great thing about God is that when you ask for forgiveness; He not only forgives you, but He forgets. It is by God's grace and mercy that we are saved. Go ahead and make the difference in someone's life today. Share this with a friend and always remember: God is at the window! When Jesus died on the cross; he was thinking of you! 
Come on Arch...I wasn't attacking you. Just putting in my personal 2 cents about the nature of man and free will. But don't get me started on the bible...I'm riled up enough over our new Messiah Obama!  I wasn't offended by your post, nor did I feel attacked. I just needed to clarify the truth of what the gospel represents. As for Obama's messianic influence, I'm as riled as you are.
Not my biggest beef (that would probably be the separation between the importance of faith and deeds), but this is a good one to go over (and is possibly tenuously linked).  Imagine in your story that Johnny hadn't confessed to his gran. How long would she have stood by, watching Sally force Johnny to do all the work, before she stepped in and either forced Johnny to confess, or let him know that she forgave (note the past tense when this word is used in the story) him anyway? If she knew that Johnny was about to leave home, many years later, but was still being tormented over the duck incident, would she not help him out?  By the story (and all I've seen of Christianity so far) God doesn't forgive because 'He loves us' - at the time of the misdeed, like the grandmother in the story. God forgives us only after we have confessed, because He loves us and we have asked for forgiveness. At least, this asking always seems to be a necessary part.   To clarify: I sin. Does God immediately forgive me? 1. If yes: Why must I ask for forgiveness, after it has already been granted? If I don't confess my sin to God, does he automatically take back his forgiving?  2. If no: Who is more forgiving, God - or the grandmother in the story? Note also that it is within God's power to ease my suffering at any time, but He's just sitting back, 'wondering how long I'll let the devil make a slave of me' - no matter how long that may be for, including (apparently) all eternity.  To summarise the clarification: The idea that God forgives us unconditionally is directly at odds with the condition that 'we must ask for forgiveness'.  Anyone?  EDIT: Please note I haven't read most of the rest of the thread (will do so as soon as I have the time), so apologies if I'm repeating old material. It looked like the previous discussion had mostly exhausted itself, though.  Your understanding of Gods forgiveness toward us is completely erroneous iangb. Here's why. The day that Jesus died on Calvary's Cross He died for the sins of every human being who was and would ever be born, including you and me. The job of forgiving you is done. As He said before He died, IT IS FINISHED! Death AND SIN was defeated as of that point in time.   All that remains is for each of us to receive that free gift by a sincere act of our conscious will. No act of sacrifice is required on our part to be worthy of being accepted by God because it was all accomplished by the perfect lamb of God who's shed blood was an acceptable propitiation for our sins 2000 years ago. 1Jo 4:9 In this the love of God was manifested toward us, that God has sent His only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through Him.  1Jo 4:10 In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son [to be] the propitiation for our sins. This story perfectly captures the process and relationship of Gods love toward us in that we are already forgiven by God. While we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. But like any gift which is freely offered, it must be freely received and accepted in order to be taken hold of by the recipient.   I repost the story for context: The Duck & the Devil  There was a little boy visiting his grandparents on their farm.  He was given a slingshot to play with out in the woods.  He practiced in the woods; but he could never hit the target.  Getting a little discouraged, he headed back for dinner.  As he was walking back he saw Grandma's pet duck.  Just out of impulse, he let the slingshot fly,  hit the duck square inthe head and killed it. He was shocked and grieved!   In a panic, he hid the dead duck in the wood pile; only to see his sister watching! Sally had seen it all, but she said nothing. After lunch the next day Grandma said, 'Sally, let's wash the dishes'  But Sally said, 'Grandma, Johnny told me he wanted to help in the kitchen.'  Then she whispered to him, 'Remember the duck?'  So Johnny did the dishes.   Later that day, Grandpa asked if the children wanted to go fishing  and Grandma said, 'I'm sorry but I need Sally to help make supper.'  Sally just smiled and said, 'Well that's all right because Johnny told me he wanted to help' She whispered again, 'Remember the duck?'  So Sally went fishing and Johnny stayed to help. After several day of Johnny doing both his chores and Sally's; he finally couldn't stand it any longer. He came to Grandma and confessed that he had killed the duck. Grandma knelt down, gave him a hug and said, 'Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing, but because I love you, I forgave you. I was just wondering how long you would let Sally make a slave of you.'   Thought for the day and every day thereafter?   Whatever is in your past, whatever you have done... And the devil keeps throwing it up in your face (lying, cheating, debt, fear, bad habits, hatred, anger, bitterness, etc.) ..whatever it is...You need to know that God was standing at the window and He saw the whole thing. He has seen your whole life. He wants you to know that He loves you and that you are forgiven. He's just wondering how long you will let the devil make a slave of you. The great thing about God is that when you ask for forgiveness; He not only forgives you, but He forgets. It is by God's grace and mercy that we are saved. Go ahead and make the difference in someone's life today. Share this with a friend and always remember: God is at the window! When Jesus died on the cross; he was thinking of you!
Not my biggest beef (that would probably be the separation between the importance of faith and deeds), but this is a good one to go over (and is possibly tenuously linked).  Imagine in your story that Johnny hadn't confessed to his gran. How long would she have stood by, watching Sally force Johnny to do all the work, before she stepped in and either forced Johnny to confess, or let him know that she forgave (note the past tense when this word is used in the story) him anyway? If she knew that Johnny was about to leave home, many years later, but was still being tormented over the duck incident, would she not help him out?  By the story (and all I've seen of Christianity so far) God doesn't forgive because 'He loves us' - at the time of the misdeed, like the grandmother in the story. God forgives us only after we have confessed, because He loves us and we have asked for forgiveness. At least, this asking always seems to be a necessary part.   To clarify: I sin. Does God immediately forgive me? 1. If yes: Why must I ask for forgiveness, after it has already been granted? If I don't confess my sin to God, does he automatically take back his forgiving?  2. If no: Who is more forgiving, God - or the grandmother in the story? Note also that it is within God's power to ease my suffering at any time, but He's just sitting back, 'wondering how long I'll let the devil make a slave of me' - no matter how long that may be for, including (apparently) all eternity.  To summarise the clarification: The idea that God forgives us unconditionally is directly at odds with the condition that 'we must ask for forgiveness'.  Anyone?  EDIT: Please note I haven't read most of the rest of the thread (will do so as soon as I have the time), so apologies if I'm repeating old material. It looked like the previous discussion had mostly exhausted itself, though.  I repeat for foundits benefit. Complete forgiveness for our sins was accomplished for all of humanity 2000 years ago on the Cross. It isn't something that becomes real only when sought by a person. It must be accepted in order to be received though. This takes an act of the receivers will by accepting Jesus as ones Lord and Savior. Just asking God to forgive ones sin if one doesn't have a personal relationship with Jesus and possess His Holy Spirit within them is what God calls lip service and means nothing regarding true forgiveness of sins. Iangb said:  [iangb] To clarify: I sin. Does God immediately forgive me?  My response to this is that God forgave that sin 2000 years ago, you just accepted that forgiveness when you accepted Jesus as your savior. And the bible promises that that sin was thrown into the Sea of forgetfulness by God. I personally continually fall short of Gods glory. I commit sins which I'm not even aware of in comparison to Gods perfect holiness, so how can I seek forgiveness for them? What matters is that I am covered by the blood of Christ and forgiven based on the propitiation He accomplished for me 2000 years ago.  Your understanding of Gods forgiveness toward us is completely erroneous iangb. Here's why. The day that Jesus died on Calvary's Cross He died for the sins of every human being who was and would ever be born, including you and me. The job of forgiving you is done. As He said before He died, IT IS FINISHED! Death AND SIN was defeated as of that point in time.   All that remains is for each of us to receive that free gift by a sincere act of our conscious will. No act of sacrifice is required on our part to be worthy of being accepted by God because it was all accomplished by the perfect lamb of God who's shed blood was an acceptable propitiation for our sins 2000 years ago. 1Jo 4:9 In this the love of God was manifested toward us, that God has sent His only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through Him.  1Jo 4:10 In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son [to be] the propitiation for our sins. This story perfectly captures the process and relationship of Gods love toward us in that we are already forgiven by God. While we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. But like any gift which is freely offered, it must be freely received and accepted in order to be taken hold of by the recipient.   I repost the story for context: The Duck & the Devil  There was a little boy visiting his grandparents on their farm.  He was given a slingshot to play with out in the woods.  He practiced in the woods; but he could never hit the target.  Getting a little discouraged, he headed back for dinner.  As he was walking back he saw Grandma's pet duck.  Just out of impulse, he let the slingshot fly,  hit the duck square inthe head and killed it. He was shocked and grieved!   In a panic, he hid the dead duck in the wood pile; only to see his sister watching! Sally had seen it all, but she said nothing. After lunch the next day Grandma said, 'Sally, let's wash the dishes'  But Sally said, 'Grandma, Johnny told me he wanted to help in the kitchen.'  Then she whispered to him, 'Remember the duck?'  So Johnny did the dishes.   Later that day, Grandpa asked if the children wanted to go fishing  and Grandma said, 'I'm sorry but I need Sally to help make supper.'  Sally just smiled and said, 'Well that's all right because Johnny told me he wanted to help' She whispered again, 'Remember the duck?'  So Sally went fishing and Johnny stayed to help. After several day of Johnny doing both his chores and Sally's; he finally couldn't stand it any longer. He came to Grandma and confessed that he had killed the duck. Grandma knelt down, gave him a hug and said, 'Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing, but because I love you, I forgave you. I was just wondering how long you would let Sally make a slave of you.'   Thought for the day and every day thereafter?   Whatever is in your past, whatever you have done... And the devil keeps throwing it up in your face (lying, cheating, debt, fear, bad habits, hatred, anger, bitterness, etc.) ..whatever it is...You need to know that God was standing at the window and He saw the whole thing. He has seen your whole life. He wants you to know that He loves you and that you are forgiven. He's just wondering how long you will let the devil make a slave of you. The great thing about God is that when you ask for forgiveness; He not only forgives you, but He forgets. It is by God's grace and mercy that we are saved. Go ahead and make the difference in someone's life today. Share this with a friend and always remember: God is at the window! When Jesus died on the cross; he was thinking of you!
For the life of me, I don't know why you spend so much of your time JUST "repeating" what you've already said. Like saying it a second time is going to change things...  We understood you the first time. You have done nothing to show us where we were wrong by repeating yourself.  What it REALLY comes across as is "You are wrong. I am going to repeat myself to give the impression that I have somehow corrected you, but I have not actually pointed out anything SPECIFIC you said which was inaccurate"  First of all, who's this we you're referring to? You're all alone on this one. Even iangb who's been on this afternoon hasn't questioned my response to him. And the reason I simply reiterated my original argument with some additional clarification is because I needn't add to the truth as it is self evident to any rational person.  I'm going to ask you a direct question, which I am sure you will ignore.  John is an atheist. He has stolen some money. He is sincerely remorseful over his actions. Since John is remorseful, has your Judeo-Christian God FORGIVEN John?  You can "blah, blah, blah" all you want, but a "yes" or a "no" needs to be given EXPLICITLY in your answer.  Show me where the bible says remorse is the path to forgiveness. Remorse without repentance is just a consciousness of guilt which you ignore and bury within yourself every day of your life. Repentance means to turn away from your sin. That leads to submitting ones life to Gods authority and there in lies true and ultimate forgiveness and salvation.   The funny thing here is that in the real world, real people's "forgiveness" isn't contingent on "acceptance".  I can forgive my brother for being rude to me. Maybe it doesn't matter whether or not he actually feels sorry. It sure as heck wouldn't require him to "accept" my forgiveness.  And neither would he get any benefit from your forgiveness since he had no change of heart at all. That is how it is with God. Jesus death on the Cross 2000 years ago paid the price for every sin you have ever committed, but you haven't had any change of heart from that sacrifice because you feel no sorrow or need to repent for your rebellion against His holy nature and self sacrifice. Thanks for making my point for me with your own example. :)  And therein lies the answer to my question above. The answer is "No". The forgiveness is obviously NOT "unconditional". There IS a condition.  Lord, forgive foundit for his closed mind and ignorant stubbornness, please? emoticon_xangel The forgiveness is unconditional. But one must accept that forgiveness in order to take hold of it. It is offered freely with no strings attached, but you must accept it being a free will creature and all. God would never impose Himself on an unwilling soul.   And you fail to recognize the magnitude of that condition. Suppose you had a dictator that has thrown his political dissidents in torture prisons. For eternity. Along comes Jack who jaywalks. He is brought before the dictator and told that he can be "forgiven" as long as he acknowledges the dictator's "love". Now a rational person would recognize this situation as sketchy.  Talk about ROFLMBO... Now it's my turn :) For you to say that I fail to recognize the magnitude of what it means to submit ones life to Gods authority is just ludicrous to the max. Especially since between the two of us, I'm the only one who has done it.   As for your dictator example, it doesn't apply to my Father in heaven so isn't worth even discussing such an inane analogy.  If a person cuts me off in traffic, I can forgive that person without any real concern. If a person cuts in front of me in the checkout line, I can forgive that person without requiring them to have a "personal relationship" with me.  What you are talking about is that a person must SUBMIT to your god and essentially swear fealty to your god. Then, and ONLY then, is "forgiveness" granted.  Forgiveness without a "personal relationship" does exist. It is not irrational. It is often expected. You have long ago agreed to drink the kool-aid, and for some reason you think it rational to denigrate those who question the demand to drink the kool-aid.  You keep thinking with your natural mind and on a human level and keep applying that thinking to God and His perfect standards and see how far it gets you. I needn't defend God here, only attempt to explain His truths from His perspective to you. Attacking me is useless also since nothing I'm saying is my opinion but is what the Gods word requires of us. Your argument is with God, not me.  This is utter and complete malarkey. Suppose a father tells his son at infancy "I forgive you for everything you could possibly do, as long as you recognize me as your master and always acknowledge your loyalty to me." And then, years later the father and the son have a falling out. The father insists that the son "already has forgiveness", but again the son must acknowledge loyalty to the father.  See answer directly above:  That isn't "already forgiving". It's CONDITIONAL forgiveness, and it obviously doesn't really exist until the son submits to the father.  It is absurd to claim that the forgiveness "already exists" and was given in the past, when the truth is that the forgiveness depends upon the presence or absence of a PRESENT or FUTURE action.  Since God is not limited to time and space but encompasses all of it, Jesus did die for the sins of all humanity once and for all time on Calvary's Cross. That you are unable to appreciate that does nothing at all to change or nullify the truth of it. Not that this will pierce that darkness in your soul, but maybe the bible will help clarify the seriousness of the spiritual condition you are in. Rom 6:1 What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound?  Rom 6:2 Certainly not! How shall we who died to sin live any longer in it?  Rom 6:3 Or do you not know that as many of us as were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into His death?  Rom 6:4 Therefore we were buried with Him through baptism into death, that just as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.  Rom 6:5 For if we have been united together in the likeness of His death, certainly we also shall be [in the likeness] of [His] resurrection,  Rom 6:6 knowing this, that our old man was crucified with [Him], that the body of sin might be done away with, that we should no longer be slaves of sin.  Rom 6:7 For he who has died has been freed from sin.  Rom 6:8 Now if we died with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with Him, Rom 6:9 knowing that Christ, having been raised from the dead, dies no more. Death no longer has dominion over Him.  Rom 6:10 For [the death] that He died, He died to sin once for all; but [the life] that He lives, He lives to God.[Archangel] You do realize that Jesus died 2000 years ago don't you? So according to this He died once and for all people 2000 years ago just as I have been saying all along. If you choose not to accept that as true, please don't argue with me about it because it's your right to reject it like you reject every other spiritual truth in the bible.  Rom 6:11 Likewise you also, reckon yourselves to be dead indeed to sin, but alive to God in Christ Jesus our Lord.  Rom 6:12 Therefore do not let sin reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in its lusts.  Rom 6:13 And do not present your members [as] instruments of unrighteousness to sin, but present yourselves to God as being alive from the dead, and your members [as] instruments of righteousness to God.  Rom 6:14 For sin shall not have dominion over you, for you are not under law but under grace. And there are also these verses which repeat the same message.  Hbr 9:27 And as it is appointed for men to die once, but after this the judgment,  Hbr 9:28 so Christ was offered once to bear the sins of many. To those who eagerly wait for Him He will appear a second time, apart from sin, for salvation. =  = 1Pe 3:18 For Christ also suffered once for sins, the just for the unjust, that He might bring us* to God, being put to death in the flesh but made alive by the Spirit, Oh, and smiley, no need to redefine any words at all. That's your domain.
Don't assume things of me, please. I have similar/different reservations to foundit, but I don't have time currently (3500 words still to write, deadline in ~16 hours) to put them down in a manner with which I'm satisfied.  I'll do so as soon as I can. In the meantime - one more question, if I may. After I die, who decides whether I go to Heaven or Hell? If you could answer that for me, it might prevent me making some flawed assumptions when I next find the time - both with my reservations about your answer and my other, bigger (and probably related) 'beef with God'. 2Cr 5:10 For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ, that each one may receive the things [done] in the body, according to what he has done, whether good or bad.   2Ti 4:1 I charge you therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who will judge the living and the dead at His appearing and His kingdom:   Hbr 10:30 For we know Him who said, "Vengeance is Mine, I will repay," says the Lord. And again, "The LORD will judge His people." = Rev 20: 11-15 BELOW is the final judgment before the Great White Throne. Verse 15 is the bottom line result that anyone who's name is not written in the book of life is lost forever. = Rev 20:11 Then I saw a great white throne and Him who sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away. And there was found no place for them.  Rev 20:12 And I saw the dead, small and great, standing before God, [fn] and books were opened. And another book was opened, which is [the Book] of Life. And the dead were judged according to their works, by the things which were written in the books.  Rev 20:13 The sea gave up the dead who were in it, and Death and Hades delivered up the dead who were in them. And they were judged, each one according to his works.  Rev 20:14 Then Death and Hades were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. [fn]  Rev 20:15 And anyone not found written in the Book of Life was cast into the lake of fire.
Well foundit, I guess you've answered the question of what your beef with God is. As for me, I've made myself clear enough to satisfy an illiterate in my explanations to you. I see no reason to attempt to justify what I know to be absolutely correct according to what God requires of us to receive the FREE GIFT OF SALVATION. Wallow in your bitterness since that is obviously all you have to cling to. emoticon_xbye
If I were a devout Christian with a profound love of Christ as the Messiah and Saviour, I would be enormously offended by Archie's story of Grandma and the dead duck.  Heck, even as an atheist I am. How demeaning to the deeper meaning of Jesus and Christ as the Messiah and the Saviour.  I should hope that a religion would have a deeper sort of spirituality than that represented by Archie.  Incredible, just incredible. You never cease to amaze me with the blatant hypocrisy and double standards you represent and are totally blind to. You, who will defend the infanticide of 1.3 million babies a year in the US and be offended that convicted murderers can face the death penalty, are offended by this story of a boys mistake. and the moral lesson it teaches?   Please clarify in clear terms if you are capable simone, exactly what is it about this story which you find so offensive so we can all learn from your perceived atheistic wisdom. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xdonno     I repost the story for context: The Duck & the Devil  There was a little boy visiting his grandparents on their farm.  He was given a slingshot to play with out in the woods.  He practiced in the woods; but he could never hit the target.  Getting a little discouraged, he headed back for dinner.  As he was walking back he saw Grandma's pet duck.  Just out of impulse, he let the slingshot fly,  hit the duck square inthe head and killed it. He was shocked and grieved!   In a panic, he hid the dead duck in the wood pile; only to see his sister watching! Sally had seen it all, but she said nothing. After lunch the next day Grandma said, 'Sally, let's wash the dishes'  But Sally said, 'Grandma, Johnny told me he wanted to help in the kitchen.'  Then she whispered to him, 'Remember the duck?'  So Johnny did the dishes.   Later that day, Grandpa asked if the children wanted to go fishing  and Grandma said, 'I'm sorry but I need Sally to help make supper.'  Sally just smiled and said, 'Well that's all right because Johnny told me he wanted to help' She whispered again, 'Remember the duck?'  So Sally went fishing and Johnny stayed to help. After several day of Johnny doing both his chores and Sally's; he finally couldn't stand it any longer. He came to Grandma and confessed that he had killed the duck. Grandma knelt down, gave him a hug and said, 'Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing, but because I love you, I forgave you. I was just wondering how long you would let Sally make a slave of you.'   Thought for the day and every day thereafter?   Whatever is in your past, whatever you have done... And the devil keeps throwing it up in your face (lying, cheating, debt, fear, bad habits, hatred, anger, bitterness, etc.) ..whatever it is...You need to know that God was standing at the window and He saw the whole thing. He has seen your whole life. He wants you to know that He loves you and that you are forgiven. He's just wondering how long you will let the devil make a slave of you. The great thing about God is that when you ask for forgiveness; He not only forgives you, but He forgets. It is by God's grace and mercy that we are saved. Go ahead and make the difference in someone's life today. Share this with a friend and always remember: God is at the window! When Jesus died on the cross; he was thinking of you!
If I were a devout Christian with a profound love of Christ as the Messiah and Saviour, I would be enormously offended by Archie's story of Grandma and the dead duck.  Heck, even as an atheist I am. How demeaning to the deeper meaning of Jesus and Christ as the Messiah and the Saviour.  I should hope that a religion would have a deeper sort of spirituality than that represented by Archie.  Incredible, just incredible. You never cease to amaze me with the blatant hypocrisy and double standards you represent and are totally blind to. You, who will defend the infanticide of 1.3 million babies a year in the US and be offended that convicted murderers can face the death penalty, are offended by this story of a boys mistake. and the moral lesson it teaches?   Please clarify in clear terms if you are capable simone, exactly what is it about this story which you find so offensive so we can all learn from your perceived atheistic wisdom. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xdonno  I am offended by a god which is so threatening and fearful that its followers fear to tell the truth, that they fear to be honest.  Read the story again simone. That kid wasn't afraid of God he was afraid to tell his grandmother he killed her pet duck. In case it's beyond you to comprehend, that story is a METAPHOR. And the moral of it is to not be afraid to confess your sins to God because He will not only forgive them, but will completely forget them. Something His grandmother who loves him very much is incapable of doing. I wonder if anyone else would dare pipe in and say they agree with your warped and disturbing interpretation of this innocent and touching metaphor. emoticon_frazzled  But hey, you keep worshiping your messiah, Obama; see how far that gets you. emoticon_xdonno   The Duck & the Devil  There was a little boy visiting his grandparents on their farm.  He was given a slingshot to play with out in the woods.  He practiced in the woods; but he could never hit the target.  Getting a little discouraged, he headed back for dinner.  As he was walking back he saw Grandma's pet duck.  Just out of impulse, he let the slingshot fly,  hit the duck square inthe head and killed it. He was shocked and grieved!   In a panic, he hid the dead duck in the wood pile; only to see his sister watching! Sally had seen it all, but she said nothing. After lunch the next day Grandma said, 'Sally, let's wash the dishes'  But Sally said, 'Grandma, Johnny told me he wanted to help in the kitchen.'  Then she whispered to him, 'Remember the duck?'  So Johnny did the dishes.   Later that day, Grandpa asked if the children wanted to go fishing  and Grandma said, 'I'm sorry but I need Sally to help make supper.'  Sally just smiled and said, 'Well that's all right because Johnny told me he wanted to help' She whispered again, 'Remember the duck?'  So Sally went fishing and Johnny stayed to help. After several day of Johnny doing both his chores and Sally's; he finally couldn't stand it any longer. He came to Grandma and confessed that he had killed the duck. Grandma knelt down, gave him a hug and said, 'Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing, but because I love you, I forgave you. I was just wondering how long you would let Sally make a slave of you.'   Thought for the day and every day thereafter?   Whatever is in your past, whatever you have done... And the devil keeps throwing it up in your face (lying, cheating, debt, fear, bad habits, hatred, anger, bitterness, etc.) ..whatever it is...You need to know that God was standing at the window and He saw the whole thing. He has seen your whole life. He wants you to know that He loves you and that you are forgiven. He's just wondering how long you will let the devil make a slave of you. The great thing about God is that when you ask for forgiveness; He not only forgives you, but He forgets. It is by God's grace and mercy that we are saved. Go ahead and make the difference in someone's life today. Share this with a friend and always remember: God is at the window! When Jesus died on the cross; he was thinking of you!
Woo, better-late-than-never post!  Here's how things stand at the moment, as I see it.   1. If I sin, God forgives me - regardless of whether I am a Christian at that point or not.  No. Jesus said you must repent. He also said, "... unless you believe that I (Jesus) am the one I claim to be you will indeed die in your sins."  Also note John 3:36; John 8:24; Romans 10:9-10; Ephesians 2:8-9, and John 3:16.
The knowledge of forgiveness is valuable in itself, lifting the guilt and shame of sin allows you to start your life afresh here and now. The acceptance of God's forgiveness means you have a blank slate. As St. Paul says, "love keeps no score of wrongs, but delights in the truth". God delights in repentance, in our acknowledgement of the truth of what we have done wrong, but keeps no count of these things, because he loves us.
In that case, my original problem resurfaces. See post #244.  If God loves us, why demand repentance in order that we be forgiven  Since you're repeating post 244, here's my answer to that post on post 245.  And I repeat for exclamation, The forgiveness was given when Jesus died on the Cross; what we must do by an act of our free will is accept that forgiveness. That is the foundation of the personal relationship which results in accepting Jesus as our personal savior. That is the process by which Gods Holy Spirit comes into us and dwells with us.   God cannot and will not force anything on us, not even Himself. We must knowingly and willingly enter into a personal relationship with Him so we can attain the fellowship with Him which was lost when Adam and Eve fell from Grace. http://www.4forums.com/political/344904-post245.html Rom 5:8 But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Rom 5:9 Much more then, having now been justified by His blood, we shall be saved from wrath through Him. Rom 5:10 For if when we were enemies we were reconciled to God through the death of His Son, much more, having been reconciled, we shall be saved by His life. Rom 5:11 And not only [that], but we also rejoice in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have now received the reconciliation. Rom 5:12 Therefore, just as through one man sin entered the world, and death through sin, and thus death spread to all men, because all sinned- Rom 5:13 (For until the law sin was in the world, but sin is not imputed when there is no law. Rom 5:14 Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over those who had not sinned according to the likeness of the transgression of Adam, who is a type of Him who was to come. Rom 5:15 But the free gift [is] not like the offense. For if by the one man's offense many died, much more the grace of God and the gift by the grace of the one Man, Jesus Christ, abounded to many. Rom 5:16 And the gift [is] not like [that which came] through the one who sinned. For the judgment [which came] from one [offense resulted] in condemnation, but the free gift [which came] from many offenses [resulted] in justification. Rom 5:17 For if by the one man's offense death reigned through the one, much more those who receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness will reign in life through the One, Jesus Christ.) Rom 5:18 Therefore, as through one man's offense [judgment] came to all men, resulting in condemnation, even so through one Man's righteous act [the free gift came] to all men, resulting in justification of life. Rom 5:19 For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so also by one Man's obedience many will be made righteous. 
No. Jesus said you must repent. He also said, "... unless you believe that I (Jesus) am the one I claim to be you will indeed die in your sins."  Also note John 3:36; John 8:24; Romans 10:9-10; Ephesians 2:8-9, and John 3:16.  Archie: that post of mine was a direct response to Easyrider, who claimed that if I sin, God does not forgive me.  I'm hoping you'll answer my question that was relevant to you. So far, though, I'm still waiting.  Really? You read him saying that in this post which you quoted? No wonder it's impossible for us to reason with you people, you have no concept of what we are actually saying. He is saying exactly what I have said hundreds of times here before. The forgiveness has been accomplished and offered. We must freely accept it in order to receive it by an act of our will. To come into you with His Holy Spirit would be forcing Himself on you and usurping your free will and God has too much respect for our created position to do that. I've posted passages which clearly state that as has rider. If it's beyond you to comprehend that you must receive Him in order to be a member of Gods household, then there is nothing more to be said here.
Really? You read him saying that in this post which you quoted? No wonder it's impossible for us to reason with you people, you have no concept of what we are actually saying. He is saying exactly what I have said hundreds of times here before. The forgiveness has been accomplished and offered. We must freely accept it in order to receive it by an act of our will. To come into you with His Holy Spirit would be forcing Himself on you and usurping your free will and God has too much respect for our created position to do that. I've posted passages which clearly state that as has rider. If it's beyond you to comprehend that you must receive Him in order to be a member of Gods household, then there is nothing more to be said here.  Exactly, brother. People have to repent and receive Jesus as their Lord and Savior for the remission of their sins or they're still dead in their sins.
OK, in an attempt to resolve the doublethink that Archie seems to be professing, I'll repeat the quotes in context. I would simplify this, but I really don't see how. And... Problem?  Let's lay it out in a nice chain of logic/pseudocode for you.  Q1. I sin. Does God forgive me, regardless of my faith and/or repentance? A1: No. In this case, we have an issue between God's unconditional love and His conditional forgiveness.  A2: Yes. In this case, goto Q2.  Q2: I die, and am judged by God. Do my sins in life (given that they have been forgiven) affect whether I go to Heaven or Hell? A1: No. In this case, why repent - or even believe - in the first place? A2: Yes. In this case, why does a being who loves me and has forgiven me ('wiped my slate clean') still judge me as being worthy of an eternity of suffering?   in-post edit: When you say 'forcing Himself upon us'... you mean, like sending us to Hell after we die?  Let me help you some more on this.  Parable of the Wedding Feast - Matthew 22:1-14  2"The kingdom of heaven is like a king who prepared a wedding banquet for his son. 3He sent his servants to those who had been invited to the banquet to tell them to come, but they refused to come. 4"Then he sent some more servants and said, `Tell those who have been invited that I have prepared my dinner: My oxen and fattened cattle have been butchered, and everything is ready. Come to the wedding banquet.' 5"But they paid no attention and went off--one to his field, another to his business. 6The rest seized his servants, mistreated them and killed them. 7The king was enraged. He sent his army and destroyed those murderers and burned their city.  8"Then he said to his servants, `The wedding banquet is ready, but those I invited did not deserve to come. 9Go to the street corners and invite to the banquet anyone you find.' 10So the servants went out into the streets and gathered all the people they could find, both good and bad, and the wedding hall was filled with guests. 11"But when the king came in to see the guests, he noticed a man there who was not wearing wedding clothes. 12`Friend,' he asked, `how did you get in here without wedding clothes?' The man was speechless. 13"Then the king told the attendants, `Tie him hand and foot, and throw him outside, into the darkness, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.' 14"For many are invited, but few are chosen."   In this Parable: 1. The King = God the Father  2. The Son = God the Son, Jesus Christ 3. The first group that was invited = The Israelites who declined 4. The second group that was invited = The Gentiles and those Jews who accepted 5. The servants = those who preach the Gospel of Christ's salvation Explanation of the Parable:  God's chosen people, the Jews, were the first to receive the invitation to receive their Savior Jesus Christ, the Son of God whom they rejected. The Wedding / Gospel invitation was then given to others (the gentiles - note Romans 1:16, etc.). In short, everyone had received an invitation, but not everyone accepted the invitation.  Note that the Book of Revelation describes a future marriage of the Lamb (Jesus - John 1:29) and His Bride (Revelation 19:7).  The guest who was not arrayed in the proper wedding attire was one who had declined God's gift of salvation and righteousness - a robe of righteousness that comes not from man, but from God only:  Isaiah 61:10, "I will greatly rejoice in the LORD, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels."  Note that in Genesis 15:6, this righteousness comes through faith in God: "Abram believed (had faith in) the Lord, and it was credited to him as righteousness." Also note Ephesians 2:8-9 in the New Testament.  Believers are covered with God's garment of righteousness / salvation. When God looks at the repentant sinner He does not see the filthy attire of sin, but the robe of righteousness obtained by Christ's perfect obedience to the law. There are none righteous apart from this God-given righteousness. A perfect example that this righteousness is not obtained by man's own inherent "goodness" is found in Zechariah chapter 3:  3 Now Joshua was dressed in filthy clothes as he stood before the angel. 4 The angel said to those who were standing before him, "Take off his filthy clothes." Then he said to Joshua, "See, I have taken away your sin, and I will put rich garments on you."  Filthy clothes = sin in the above scripture, while a robe of righteousness = a garment of salvation in Isaiah 61:10.  From the New Testament we find:  Romans 13:14 - "Rather, clothe yourselves with the Lord Jesus Christ..."  Philippians 3:9 - "..not having a righteousness of my own that comes from (keeping ) the law, but that which is through faith in Christ..."  Also note that in Matthew 22:10 - "...the servants went out into the streets and gathered all the people they could find, both good and bad, and the wedding hall was filled with guests."  Here we see the illustration of those gathered off the streets - people who may well have not been able to afford special wedding garments on such short notice. Also note that those gathered were both "good and bad," so that the invitation was not based on works, otherwise just the "good" would have been invited. So the wedding garments - the garments of salvation - were God's gift to those who accepted the invitation to the Son's (Christ's) wedding to his bride - his church of true believers.  In the end, those without the God / Christ-given robe of righteousness / salvation were cast into the outer darkness, where there is weeping and the gnashing of teeth.  "For many are invited, but few are chosen." Matthew 22:14  If you think you can get to heaven without receiving and believing in Christ as your Lord and Savior for the remission of your sins, then start calling churches and asking the pastors.
I was going to respond to iangb's post 274 last night but I'm glad I didn't since riders post is so complete and accurate in its explanation. I will only reiterate that those of us who do stand before God in our clothes of righteousness, are not there based on our righteousness but Christ's righteousness in us. We believers have not attained physical perfection or sinlessness in this flesh, but are reckoned by God as righteous based on what Christ accomplished as the perfect lamb of God.  Just as ancient Israel used to make blood sacrifices of unblemished animals for the forgiveness of individual sins (temporary forgiveness which had to be repeated for new sins), God finally sent His only begotten son to die once, for all of us since He was an acceptable sacrifice for the remission of ALL OF MANS SINS. But like any gift which is freely offered by the giver, it must be freely accepted by the receiver.   So iangb, your sins were covered by the shed blood of the perfect lamb of God 2000 years ago on the Cross @ Calvary, once and for all time. The only question which remains is, have you personally received that free gift which His sacrifice represents by accepting Jesus as your personal savior? Remember that our righteousness is in Christ, not ourselves, so apart from Him we stand before God as in filthy rags.   Every deed we perform is unrighteous. "For there is not a just man on the earth who does good and does not sin" (Ecclesiastes 7:20). "There is none who does good, no, not one" (Psalm 14:3 / Romans 3:12). The Old and New Testament makes it clear that none of us are exempt from this need for salvation. So any and all who attempt to stand before God at the Judgement based on their own righteousness will most assuredly fall short of His Glory and standard for perfect holiness which can only be attained through Christ.  Remember that it's OUR sins being judged, God is not guilty of anything, nor can He be blamed for you not responding to His call to receive what He has so freely offered you in the here and now.
Actually, what ER did was quote one line here, one line there, and didn't even get the full meaning of what was there.  And of course, although many seek and few are chosen, ER believes he is a chosen.  You wouldn't care to prove he distorted the meaning of any verse by using them out of context, or that the message of his post was distorted or inaccurate, would you? emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xchicken
You mean the way that you "prove" that everyone but you quotes the bible out of context?  Not everyone, that would be crazy. Just secular humanists and atheists who want to twist what the bible actually says in order to pervert its true meaning. I defend it's truth. I don't make it up as I go along as your side does.  Explain to me again how quoting entire passages is "quoting out of context", but cherry-picking one verse is quoting it "in context".  Show me where trebor quoted any entire passages at all, in order to prove anything at all. Like all of you do, all he did was criticize without proving anything.  Still waiting for you to answer my basic math question as well.  Like I said, I don't play your games or jump through your hoops on demand. Beside, it's too much fun aggravating you by ignoring your childish dares. Also, all I have to do is look at my bottom line to know I'm not stupid. Like Capital One says, what's in your wallet? emoticon_rolleyes
Actually, what ER did was quote one line here, one line there, and didn't even get the full meaning of what was there.  1 Corinthians 2:14 (New International Version) "The man without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually discerned."   And of course, although many seek and few are chosen, ER believes he is a chosen.   John 6:44
More meaningless words that allow the believer to feel 'special' . Too bad it means that 'spiritually discerned' means 'I swallow stupidity, and can justify it because they tell me I am special and can live forever.' This can also be translated as 'It's OK to be to be mentally deficient , as long as you give me 10% of your money'  <chuckle<  Speaking of giving money:  Conservatives and Christians Give More to Charities, ABC says   As Doug explores in his post below, people of faith give far more to charities than non-religious people, and conservatives give more to the poor than do liberals. That&#8217;s the finding of a study by author Arthur Brooks and the conclusion trumpeted by a John Stossel report on ABC this week.  The report says:   &#8220;The single biggest predictor of whether someone will be charitable is his or her religious participation. Religious people are more likely to give to charity, and when they give, they give more money: four times as much. And Arthur Brooks told me that giving goes beyond their own religious organization: "Actually, the truth is that they're giving to more than their churches," he says. "The religious Americans are more likely to give to every kind of cause and charity, including explicitly non-religious charities." Christian conviction and conservative ideology increases the likelihood that an individual will give to charities&#8212;and not just to their churches, but to a variety of religious and secular causes.  As Christians, we give out of obligation&#8212;Scripture tells us to help the poor&#8212;but even more out of gratitude to God for his goodness.   Liberals who see care for the poor as a government responsibility, give far less as individuals. At the same time, they describe conservatives as non-caring, and Christians as exclusionary and hypocritical. This could not be further from the truth, and these findings document it.   Stones Cry Out: Conservatives and Christians Give More to Charities, ABC says  I think liberals prefer to be generous with OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY. ROTFLOL!!!
More meaningless words that allow the believer to feel 'special' . Too bad it means that 'spiritually discerned' means 'I swallow stupidity, and can justify it because they tell me I am special and can live forever.'   A) they aren't meaningless words, they are trustworthy and sure truths which are beyond you to comprehend for precisely the reason the verse states. Here, read it again trebor, it is speaking directly to you.   1 Corinthians 2:14 (New International Version) "The man without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually discerned."  And 2) There is nothing at all special about believers since we are all sinners in need of salvation. The only difference between the saved and the unsaved is that the saved have accepted and received the free gift of salvation which God has so graciously offered us according to His love and mercy for all Mankind.    This can also be translated as 'It's OK to be to be mentally deficient , as long as you give me 10% of your money'  You will see which of us was mentally deficient one day trebor, and you will forever condemn yourself for the hardness of your heart for rejecting us and our message which contained the eternal salvation you so condescendingly mocked and scoffed at for a wasted lifetime which you will finally realize could have been spent in fellowship with your God and maker.   You truly have my sympathy trebor for the rude awakening which awaits you and those like you when you finally come face to face with absolute truth that you can no longer ignore or deny. emoticon_cry
Oh my god, meaningless changes of subject to avoid the situation. Gasp. How could that BE. If you can't address the point, change the subject and attack.  And, of course, it will have to be with a flake of a news reporter that doesn't give his sources. La da da. isn't that amazing.  Did you miss this link to John Stossel Reports by ABC in his link? Here's what his report finds. To test what types of people give more, "20/20" (A typical Liberal mouthpiece) went to two very different parts of the country, with contrasting populations: Sioux Falls, S.D. and San Francisco, Calif. The Salvation Army set up buckets at the busiest locations in each city -- Macy's in San Francisco and Wal-Mart in Sioux Falls. Which bucket collected more money?  Sioux Falls is rural and religious; half of the population goes to church every week. People in San Francisco make much more money, are predominantly liberal, and just 14 percent of people in San Francisco attend church every week. Liberals are said to care more about helping the poor; so did people in San Francisco give more?  It turns out that this idea that liberals give more...is a myth. Of the top 25 states where people give an above average percent of their income, 24 were red states in the last presidential election.  Arthur Brooks, the author of "Who Really Cares," says that "when you look at the data, it turns out the conservatives give about 30 percent more." He adds, "And incidentally, conservative-headed families make slightly less money."  And he says the differences in giving goes beyond money, pointing out that conservatives are 18 percent more likely to donate blood. He says this difference is not about politics, but about the different way conservatives and liberals view government.  "You find that people who believe it's the government's job to make incomes more equal, are far less likely to give their money away," Brooks says. In fact, people who disagree with the statement, "The government has a basic responsibility to take care of the people who can't take care of themselves," are 27 percent more likely to give to charity.ABC News: Who Gives and Who Doesn't?
  Actually, what ER did was quote one line here, one line there, and didn't even get the full meaning of what was there.  1 Corinthians 2:14 (New International Version) "The man without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually discerned."    And of course, although many seek and few are chosen, ER believes he is a chosen.   John 6:44  Oh my god, meaningless changes of subject to avoid the situation. Gasp. How could that BE. If you can't address the point, change the subject and attack.  And, of course, it will have to be with a flake of a news reporter that doesn't give his sources. La da da. isn't that amazing.  I responded directly to your post point by point, yet you ignore it so obviously you didn't really care to defend that perspective at all, in reality. Beside, riders focus on your claim that believers are mental deficients who are wanted just for our 10% was appropriate since it shows that conservatives across the board give more generously than liberals and even explains motivation and intent.   More meaningless words that allow the believer to feel 'special' . Too bad it means that 'spiritually discerned' means 'I swallow stupidity, and can justify it because they tell me I am special and can live forever.'   A) they aren't meaningless words, they are trustworthy and sure truths which are beyond you to comprehend for precisely the reason the verse states. Here, read it again trebor, it is speaking directly to you, and penfold too.   1 Corinthians 2:14 (New International Version) "The man without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness to him, and he cannot understand them, because they are spiritually discerned."  And 2) There is nothing at all special about believers since we are all sinners in need of salvation. The only difference between the saved and the unsaved is that the saved have accepted and received the free gift of salvation which God has so graciously offered us according to His love and mercy for all Mankind.    This can also be translated as 'It's OK to be to be mentally deficient , as long as you give me 10% of your money'  You will see which of us was mentally deficient one day trebor, and you will forever condemn yourself for the hardness of your heart for rejecting us and our message which contained the eternal salvation you so condescendingly mocked and scoffed at for a wasted lifetime which you will finally realize could have been spent in fellowship with your God and maker.   You truly have my sympathy trebor for the rude awakening which awaits you and those like you when you finally come face to face with absolute truth that you can no longer ignore or deny. emoticon_cry
Dreamweaver, Richard and I are looking for a judge for this debate. Would you be willing to take it on?  We have crossed paths before but I don't think you would let that influence your judging. Also I think you believe in the virgin so that might be a problem but you can just say so if it is. Hank and Richard - it would be a pleasure. I truly have no problem with who wins this debate or which points are raised. I shall make no secret that I believe in the virgin birth, but the "winner" of this debate will be the person who adheres to debate standards the best, raises points adequately and can appropriately present their argument. I think I can efficiently make an objective decision, and there shouldn't be any worry of me inflicting bias on my final decision.   Hank- as for your debaticle in the past - I thought it was reasonably efficient, we didn't have any ad hominems flying about and it only gained you my respect, and plus, I certainly learned a lot. ;)  I highlighted a few tips and possible guidelines for a decent debate here: http://www.4forums.com/political/showpost.php?p=31709&postcount=5 There is also a few good other links on what makes an efficient debater.  If you two have a set of rules that you will want me to make my decision on, then you can present them, otherwise I'll just go by the ordinary way of things.  I think it's a good idea for the first poster to post last, since really - they're at quite a disadvantage. Any ideas on a post number? Seven for the person who begins and six for the second? If you're both ready, then let it begin!
Dreamweaver, These rules that you mention sound appropriate, although I would like to point out that you and I might have different idea of what is scriptural, i.e. Jehovah's Witnesses believe that Jehovah is the almighty one and Jesus is the firstborn creation by God. I may well not go into full explanation of this fact in the debate but this does not mean it's not sound argument. A full explanation is available if you so wish. I feel that Hank should begin the debate, as he is the one against the only account of the virgin birth, the Bible. 'Supernatural' means beyond human science, as does 'paranormal' and closely related words. I'm not sure how long this debate should last, it's a potentially huge subject, and some agreement must be reached. Time between posts is also something Hank has mentioned because it's a busy time of the year for him. He said about one every week which is cool with me if he's still in agreement. Although what is meant, one each or one between us each week? There's been no specification of length of posts; again I say it's a huge subject potentially. We need agreement on this also. My main source is the worlds biggest and best Biblical reference library published by 'The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society', and I permit no handicap of this. Starting whenever these things above have been agreed.  Hank,  Be gentle with me!
I do not see any problem with the Jehova's or any other's idea of a scriptural account. Once the debate has begun, I will not make another post until the end.  One week sounds reasonable - you might want to post within a shorter gap later on, but that will be up to the person posting. You should both be able to post in your own time. A week is sufficient, I should think.  I recommend that no limit be placed on posts, but that it is recommended that posts stay generally smaller. It's far more challenging to be succint than to write gallons. One more tip: it's a good idea to, in your first posts, include definition so that terms might be clarified, and it avoids later, unecessary hassle.   If we just wait for Hank's clarification on those few points, then we can then begin!
1. Since I am opposed to one person having more post than the other, I propose that I take heads and Dreamweaver flips a coin. If it is heads, I get to choose whether I go first or second and if it is tails that Richard gets the same choice. Sounds fair to me. I just flipped my rusty two pence coin and it landed on the great Queen Elizabeth's head. That means that you get to choose Hank.  All of your other suggestions sound pretty reasonable to me.   Hank- This debate really has nothing to do with me. You both have the only and final say on how to define a word. Sometimes the definitions of some words are not appropriate for a topic, and I can acknowledge that too. Regardless of that, I think it would still be a good idea to clarify some major terms at the beginning.   Regarding the virgin birth- I have mentioned that I will not take any bias in forming my decision, and I am glad that you will be able to trust me on that. I can say that upon my honour.   I have no objection to an extended time as long as Richard agrees.
I know this would be somewhat of a drain on your time but I think it would be helpful if you would make a short post at the end of each post stating how much time the next poster has, what post number this is, how many are left, any comments concerning going outside the rules, etc. Time is not the problem, but I think it is involving the facilitator too much. What might often happen, is that I will mention something, and a debate might appear on my comment. I have no problem in posting how much time is remaining for each post, but I do not think that the "outside the rules" will work too well. This debate is, essentially, between the two of you. At the end I can make a handy post proposing a winner. I can give reasons for doing so, and if it is required, I can clarify any other questions from either participant.
we are doing this for fun and entertainment. Here. Here. I enjoy normal discussion and not ego-debate.  Okay let me know what you guys think. Sounds good.
So we are ready to begin! Hank, since you won the toss you have the decision on who is to post first. That post should therefore be made before the next Sunday. That is, Sunday the 22nd.
Richard I am having second thought about this debate because of your post on the C vs E section. I know we are doing this for fun but I was interested in a serious debate and am putting in quite a bit of time boning up on the subject. Maybe I am taking it too seriously but that's just me. I don't want to waste my time on something of this nature where I have made a commitment to post several threads if it is going to end up with you responding to the evidence I will provide like you are doing in the Noah's ark thread. Which is basically to just ignore everything and say God did it. I'm not trying to be offensive, just have other things I need to do if this will degrade into that kind of debate. No no no! I'm just ammusing myself with lurch's debate style. I do have some sound evidence for Noah i'm just testing the water, sorry. keep reading. it may well be few and far between in the c vs e setion from now on, but may get interesting! I am commited to this discussion Hank.  Richard.
Hank and Richard- I won't have any computer access until next Saturday; going away with some friends. Feel free to both start, and I'll read posts as soon as I get back. See ya.
Affirmative post 1. 1) Science:  There are many, including numerous scientists and religious leaders who would abruptly conclude that miracles are not true, but it is not logically valid to use science as an argument against miracles. To believe that miracles cannot happen is as much an act of faith as to believe that they can happen, you would have to put faith in the belief that humans cannot and indeed NEVER can achieve such things, dangerous ground. Miracles are unprecedented events, but it doesn't mean they're not possible (eventually).  2) Bible:  i) The very prophecy of the virgin birth is found at Isaiah 7:14. which says: "Listen, please, O house of David. . . . Jehovah himself will give you men a sign: Look! The maiden herself will actually become pregnant, and she is giving birth to a son, and she will certainly call his name Immanuel." Some have suggested that in the type back there "Immanuel" was a third son of Isaiah, perhaps by a Jewish maiden who may have become a second wife of the prophet, which may well possibly be the case. What we have to remember is that prophecy in the Bible may have an initial fulfillment and then be defined latter on, which was the case with this one. Also take into account that Isaiah said his sons were to serve "as signs and as miracles in Israel" then this would prove the case. Isaiah 8:19.  Following from 'insight on the scriptures' (WBTS)  The full and complete identity of Immanuel, of course, is found in the office and personage of the Lord Jesus Christ. The use, therefore, of the Hebrew word `almah' in the prophecy would accommodate both the type (if such was a young wife of Ahaz or of Isaiah) and the antitype (the betrothed and yet virgin Mary). In the case of Mary there was no question about her being a virgin when she became "pregnant by holy spirit," both Matthew and Luke recording this historical fact. (Mt 1:18-25; Lu 1:30-35) "All this actually came about for that to be fulfilled which was spoken by Jehovah through his prophet," Matthew observed. It was a sign that identified the long-awaited Messiah. So in keeping with these facts, Matthew's Gospel (quoting Isa 7:14) uses the Greek word parthe'nos, meaning "virgin," to translate `almah', saying: "Look! The virgin [parthe'nos] will become pregnant and will give birth to a son, and they will call his name Immanuel." (Mt 1:22, 23) In no way was this taking liberties or distorting the text. Over a century earlier, the Jewish translators of the Greek Septuagint had also used parthe'nos in rendering Isaiah 7:14.  Matthew and Luke. ii) In Matthews genealogy at verse 16 it halts from it course and says "Jacob became farther to Joseph the husband of Mary of whom Jesus was born," not giving natural fatherhood to Joseph but indicating that he was to be an adoptive father. In Luke's genealogy also a reluctance of affirming natural fatherhood to Joseph is expressed, it simply says "Jesus...being the son as the opinion was, of Joseph,"  There should be no reason to suggest that Mark and John's gospels also should mention the fact of Mary's virginity at the conception of Jesus simply because if we read at John 8:17 it says "Also in your own law it is written, 'The witness of two men is true.'" So no more is required.  Other Writers.  iii) Also because of this fact there is no need for constantly referring directly to the Virgin Birth in the rest of the inspired scriptures. Paul and the other writers however did constantly assert that Mary needed to be a virgin in an indirect yet conclusive way. Paul mentions at Galatians 4:4 that "God sent forth HIS son who came to be out of woman and who came to be under law, that he might release by purchase those under law,"  Law Requirements.  iv) The "release by purchase" here evidently means the ransom price paid by Jesus when he presented the value of his right to life on earth to Jehovah to buy back mankind from enslavement to sin. There had to be a match between Adam's perfect body and the perfect body of Jesus for justice to be met, this is simply laid out in the law given by Jehovah which clearly says "soul will be for soul, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot." Deut. 19:21, Adam died in perfect sin so Jesus needed to die in perfect obedience (Romans 5:18,19), if Jesus was born of two humans this would mean that he would have been just as imperfect as the rest of us and no balance would ever be achieved on Jehovah's scales of justice, therefore no release, no promise, no salvation, no hope.   v) Jesus still had to be born through the present human family, he couldn't have just been created from scratch like Adam because this wouldn't prove a thing about the obedience of the existing human family. Satan had proven in a sense that Jehovah's original creation was flawed (Proverbs 27:11), so Jesus had to be part of the same family as Adam. If not, again! No Justice!   vi) In order for Mary not to be ashamed or something more gruesome, an adoptive father was needed who can convey to the child the legal right to King David's throne. Both Joseph and Mary belong to the tribe of Judah and are descendants of King David. So the heirship rights of Jesus will be doubly established. (Matthew 1:2-16; Luke 3:23-33) This is why the angel later assures Joseph that he should not hesitate to take Mary as his legal wife, although she is pregnant. -Matthew 1:19-25.   vii) Jehovah also selected a virgin to prove that Jesus was really his son, if Mary had already been married and had sexual intercourse with a man then the identity of Jesus would have always been doubted, even more than it already is!  In summary: 1) 'Science of the day' is not the same as 'science of tomorrow' you need lots and lots of faith to believe that science won't one day prove a 'Virgin Birth' possible.  2) The Fact of the Virgin Birth is essential to the Christian faith, if it's removed then so is all hope of peace on earth through the sacrifice of God's son Jesus, and the whole of the 'New Testament' would implode.  For these reasons I affirm that Jesus was indeed born of a Virgin woman.  Richard,
 So although it is not my intent to plagiarize someone else's thinking, I will often be doing just that. Using other's ideas and concepts, particularly in debate, is not plagiarism. However, copying paragraphs or extracts from one's text and not providing a source would be plagiarism, and there shouldn't be a reason for it. That's really it; good going so far. Continue all. :)
I would like to start this post by thanking my opponent Hank and dreamweaver as judge (I forgot in my last post). I have made a complete rebuttal of hank's first post and also provided a few counter arguments on the Jewish religion points, so you may find this post rather long, I couldn't decide whether to leave some points until later on or answer the whole of Hank's post right away, but I decided as Hank is the one who will in a sense lead where this debate goes I should do my best to answer all the points he makes. If I were to present a full case for the defence of the virgin birth than it would be very very long, something like Genesis through Revelation would suffice. I have rearranged Hank's theological arguments under his summary headings for easier reference and I will start with a defence of my original post. Again I would like to say that this is a rather long post so if any more time is required by hank for any reason then it's ok with me. I appreciate we all have jobs to do so I don't expect exclusive devotion, also Hank's wife might have something to say on that one, and I don't want to be responsible for the wrath of two women, one is bad enough. I do not see where you have presented an argument for the virgin birth in the science portion of your post. In fact you admit that science does not support the miracle of a virgin birth. Your hope is that science will someday prove the possibility of a virgin birth. Of course should science in the future show that a virgin birth is possible, that in no way gives credence to the belief that Jesus was born of a virgin birth, only that it would be scientifically possible. But as stated above, I will return to the subject of scientific evidence at a later time. You seem to have misunderstood my original statement regarding science, when I said:but it is not logically valid to use science as an argument against miracles. To believe that miracles cannot happen is as much an act of faith as to believe that they can happen, it was not a presentation of a scientific argument, rather a foundation stating that if such an argument were to be introduced to the debate than it would turn into a very illogical and pointless discussion as you quite correctly point out. However, I do like to discuss real science so I look forward to your illogical argument.  Your second point basically argues from the perspective that it must be true because if not, your belief and the belief of many others would be wrong. Although I can sympathize with your dilemma, this is hardly a convincing argument.   The truth of the virgin birth will, and should, stand on the facts, regardless of how many people would be disappointed if the truth goes against their beliefs. Incorrect! My argument was not an appeal to the masses for sympathy, there are many people that believe the virgin birth but it can arguably be said they are not true Christians. The Christian faith I am defending is the same faith that Jesus and his apostles instigated in the first century c.e. because if we read;  Acts 11:26  "!and, after he found him, he brought him to Antioch. It thus came about that for a whole year they gathered together with them in the congregation and taught quite a crowd, and it was first in Antioch that the disciples were by divine providence called Christians." So this is the Christian faith I am defending not differing views of 'fundamentals, realists, liberals, ETC. or what ever they prefer to call themselves these days. I am defending the Christian faith of the first century c.e. Nothing added and nothing taken away. It is my position that the virgin birth cannot be removed from Christian Bible teaching otherwise the whole message will be null and void.  The value of Jesus' existence is his life, death and resurrection, not whether he was born of a virgin or not. Although it is probably true that fundamentalist Christians would be devastated, there are millions of Christians today that are inspired and uplifted by the life and teachings of Jesus that do not believe in the virgin birth. I agree, there are many people on earth that are inspired by such a man as Jesus, who wouldn't be? But for his life and death to be of any lasting benefit to these people after they have passed away in death, it is essential that he be born of a virgin. Infact if he wasn't born of a virgin then he himself would have had no chance of a resurrection in any capacity. I will expand on this at the end of my rebuttal of Hank's post.  I would compare this to the 17th century Christian theology that the earth was the center of the universe. Because there were verses from the Bible used to support the earth-centered universe, there were calamitous predictions of the fall of Christianity because the Bible would not be true if it turned out that the earth was not the center of the universe. Somehow the church has survived and prospered just fine even though there is overwhelming evidence that the earth is no longer the center of the universe. Again, a distinction must be drawn between false Christian assumptions and the true Christian teachings of the first century, which I am defending. Therefore I submit that neither of your points are valid in supporting the virgin birth. Firstly it must be said that you didn't properly address my points, you seem to have over simplified them to make your submission look sound. Second, you are assuming that you are arguing against a flexible religious doctrine when you are really arguing against God himself, the author of the scriptures. It is my aim to show the consequences on the scriptures if the virgin birth is removed. In conclusion my original post is sound because; 1) It is illogical to enter science into this virgin birth debate.  2) I am not defending every wayward Christian teaching on earth, only the true Christian teaching of the first century. 3) The fact of the virgin birth is a pillar in the first century Christian teachings; if it is removed then the whole Bible will experience a supernova type event. Therefore my original post on the virgin birth is sound.   For purposes of this debate, I will define 'virgin birth' as the birth of a child that was not conceived with human male sperm. I am open to another definition if my opponent prefers but this definition should suffice for starters. Yes, but let me define it further; Virgin Birth = this debate over whether Mary was and needed to be a Virgin when God fathered his own son within her womb. (Without sperm obviously)   Another Also I would like to define what is meant when I say 'perfect' in reference to Adam and Jesus; Adam and Jesus were faultless human beings physically, they used all their brain power, had perfect common sense, perfect logic, perfect immune systems, perfect genes, absolutely no fault was found with them whatsoever (just for the record).   Christianity uses ideas from the ancient Hebrew text as their justification for the necessity of the virgin birth. These ideas are woven into the general theology as follows: Again I must say I'm not defending every dodgy 'Christian' teaching, only the teachings set out in the Bible, so I will go through your list of assumed Bible teachings and correct where necessary.   1. Adam, the first man sinned by eating from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Agreed! But there is a lot more to this simplified account than meets the eye, which I will go into later on in the debate. 2. That act caused sin to enter the world for all mankind. Agreed. 3. God required a blood sacrifice to appease his displeasure with this act. Agreed! Only not from Adam or Eve, there would have been no point. (See my rebuttal of Hank's summary)  4. The sacrifice must be from the best animals. Absolutely. The best thing available to offer as atonement for sin was an animal. Although this could never equal the sin of the person presenting the sacrifice it was the best thing available. It was not only the animal as such that was the sacrifice for sin it was also the fact that it had to be the best of the flock which in itself was a sacrifice because if you look at the farming industry, the prize animals are more than just valuable they are the entire next generation of the farm, which is a momentous sacrifice to give to your God especially with so many other competing farmers living all around. 5. By default, every man was guilty of sin so the sacrifice was required for every person (meaning males at the time). All are inherent of sin men, women and children. 6. Sin is passed from generation to generation via the male. Incorrect! Sin is passed from both parents, and in the case of the virgin birth protection was needed from Mary's imperfection so that the ovum that became the genetically perfect human being of Jesus Christ was not undermined. Luke 1:35; 35 In answer the angel said to her: "Holy spirit will come upon you, and power of the Most High will overshadow you. For that reason also what is born will be called holy, God's Son. (NWT)  7. The virgin birth was required so that sin would not be transmitted into the body that the person of Jesus would reside in. Not true! The virgin birth was required so that Almighty God could have a hand in modifying and perfecting the genes of the ovum that would become the Christ. If God didn't intervene than Mary first child would have been just as imperfect as any other child born during the rebellion. The child would legally be called his God's son, anything Jehovah creates or fathers is always perfect!  Now follows the rearranged arguments by hank, which all follow the summery headings he has assumed.  1. Mankind was not cursed because of Adam. But what does the first few chapters of Geneses actually say? If we look closely we will see that God only cursed Adam and Eve, not mankind. Incorrect! He did curse mankind, although not directly. Our genetic ancestors Adam and Eve were mankind. By rejecting the perfect rule and order of God they also rejected their right to a perfect genetically pure body. Their punishment for sin would be death; Genesis 2:16-17  "From every tree of the garden you may eat to satisfaction. 17 But as for the tree of the knowledge of good and bad you must not eat from it, for in the day you eat from it you will positively die." But this could not have been a literal on the spot execution because God had already willed for this previous thing to happen; Genesis 1:28 28 "Further, God blessed them and God said to them: "Be fruitful and become many and fill the earth and subdue it,"" So in keeping with his law and justice God did not destroy Adam and Eve on the spot, which he could have done quite legally, instead it seems that somehow the genes of Adam and Eve were affected so they could bring forth children but not die immediately. We being their offspring have also inherited these affected genes, hence imperfection. This may seem more understandable when you consider the scientific fact that children inherit diseases or defects from their parents. This can be so with hemophilia, thalassemia (Mediterranean anemia), coronary artery disease, one type of diabetes, and even breast cancer. The children are not personally at fault, yet they may suffer as a result of what they have inherited. Romans 5:12 12 That is why, just as through one man sin (imperfection) entered into the world and death through sin, and thus death spread to all men because they had all sinned It may be a good idea to point out exactly what sin is;  Following Quoted from 'Reasoning on the scriptures' (WBTS) Sin Definition: Literally, a missing of the mark, according to the Hebrew and Greek Bible texts. God himself sets the "mark" that his intelligent creatures are to reach. Missing that mark is sin, which is also unrighteousness, or lawlessness. (Rom. 3:23; 1 John 5:17; 3:4) Sin is anything not in harmony with God's personality, standards, ways, and will, all of which are holy. It may involve wrong conduct, failure to do what should be done, ungodly speech, unclean thoughts, or desires or motives that are selfish. The Bible differentiates between inherited sin and willful sin, between an act of sin over which a person is repentant and the practice of sin. So having imperfect genes from Adam is 'sin' in God's eyes.  2. There is no record of Adam sacrificing for his disobedience.  Secondly God did not require, nor is there any record of Adam ever offering any sacrifices.  I should hope not too, that would make him a very unjust God. Adam sinned while in complete perfection, while in full control of his body, no weakness existed with Adam he was a genetically pure Human Being, he knew exactly what he was doing and the results of it, he thought he would get something that God was holding back from him, something that he needed or should have had, but he was wrong. Adam will receive no forgiveness for his sin as laid out in; Matthew 12:31 31 On this account I say to you, Every sort of sin and blasphemy will be forgiven men, but the blasphemy against the spirit will not be forgiven.   There is the teaching that God first sacrificed an animal to provide clothing for Adam and Eve. But Geneses does not say that. It says "The Lord God made garments from skin". The footnote from my reference says, "The text gives no indication of how this was done, or how they came by the skins." In previous verses, the word 'made' is used several times as God had just completed making the universe.  I agree, Genesis only says that he "made garments of skin".  There is no reason to think God would have killed an animal he had just created in order to redeem Adam. Well no, God couldn't offer something to himself. God seemed to be satisfied with simply cursing the original couple. Indeed he did, but we also suffer as a result. We are their genetic offspring. 3. The practice of blood sacrifices was not the result of the Adam's sin. Thirdly the concept that a blood sacrifice was required for sins was a later development, Correct in a sense! Sacrifices that were presented to God had to be from the heart and with all the soul. The law did later state that animals were required to teach the people that blood would have to be spilled eventually to release mankind from its sinful condition. See end. which had no relation to Adam since it started long after the death of Adam. Not true! Abel offered a sacrifice, which incidentally must have been dead; otherwise it wouldn't have been much of a sacrifice. The first offerings by Cain and Abel were simply offerings for favor with God and not for any sins. These are the first recorded sacrifices presented to God, they denote that the two men realized their condition in relation to how God had created their parents, obviously Adam and Eve would have told their sons the situation that they had caused. Also as I have said before 'sin' is literally missing the mark of perfection set by God, so they may well not have been presented for any badness or wrongdoing, simply for their imperfect state.  In fact there is no record that Abel even killed his offerings. Cain and Abel just had a meeting with God where they offered him these gifts. It wouldn't be much of an offering if it could run off at any point.  4. Micah states that blood sacrifices are not required. Although blood sacrifices had become a standard part of the Jewish religion, by the time of Jesus, even the false idea that a blood sacrifices were required for remission of sins had been negated from Jewish scripture itself. From the Jewish scriptures in Micah 6  [6] Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and bow myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old? [7] Will the LORD be pleased with thousands of rams, or with ten thousands of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul? So the LORD, or Jehovah as I prefer to call him is not pleased with the arrangement of animal sacrifices. [8] He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God? So as well as the sacrifices, God requires Justness, mercy and humility. So a few hundred years before Jesus we have the Bible stating that a blood sacrifice to appease God is not what he requires. From Micah, the requirement for sacrifices was negated according to Jewish scripture. And the verses are not vague as they clearly state that God is not in any way interested in either animal or human blood sacrifices, but in a mind-set of justice and mercy towards your fellow man and a love of God. No Hank! A misunderstanding of scripture is not an end of the law requirement regarding sacrifices. Nowhere in theses verses dose it say that the law is no longer required, it simply says he's not pleased with it. Take a closer look at the context and we will see that there is to be a legal case against Israel: Micah 6:1-2 6 Hear, please, YOU people, what Jehovah is saying. Get up, conduct a legal case with the mountains, and may the hills hear your voice. 2 Hear, O YOU mountains, the legal case of Jehovah, also YOU durable objects, YOU foundations of [the] earth; for Jehovah has a legal case with his people, and it is with Israel that he will argue: Jehovah is expressing his need for justice to be met. Who is to carry out that that justice? If we look back a bit; Micah 5:2 2 "And you, O Beth'lehem Eph'rathah, the one too little to get to be among the thousands of Judah, from you there will come out to me the one who is to become ruler in Israel, whose origin is from early times, from the days of time indefinite. The Christ is to satisfy justice. 5. Jesus confirms that blood sacrifices are not required. And this was confirmed by Jesus in Mark 12:  [28] And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all?  [29] And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord:  So he's a singular God. Perhaps this is said to rebuff the triune god notions of the surrounding nations at that time. [30] And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment. [31] And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these. So we have the two most important laws spelled out. [32] And the scribe said unto him, Well, Master, thou hast said the truth: for there is one God; and there is none other but he: He couldn't argue with that could he? [33] And to love him with all the heart, and with all the understanding, and with all the soul, and with all the strength, and to love his neighbour as himself, is more than all whole burnt offerings and sacrifices. Yes! More than "whole burnt offerings" but it never says they are no longer required. p.s. take a look at Psalm 83:18 in your KJ version, just for fun! 6. Assuming a sacrifice was necessary, the sacrifice of God, or his son, would be a gross inequity. I will conclude by addressing the fourth point Richard made and how it is at odds with the virgin birth. As Richard pointed out, an eye for an eye is an example of justice for the Jewish God. In other words whatever is wronged must be righted, but by exactly the same replacement or at least equal value. Jewish custom was to sacrifice an animal for their sins against God. This was the temporary law that was set up. See end; This would arguably be the same since the original sin by Adam did not result in the death of a man, Incorrect! Adam died for his foolish sin and all of his children thereafter.  and animals are not considered as important as man. Correct, see end. Therefore the requirement for a human sacrifice would not be required. Oh yes it would! See end. But even assuming the necessary sacrifice was a human, the sacrifice should be a perfect man to replace the fall from a perfect state by Adam. Let me explain what justice requires; Adam sinned in complete perfection, affecting all the people that were yet to be born from him, so for these people that were born from him to have a chance of life it had to be proven that a man the same as their father Adam could lead a life of complete obedience right up to death, otherwise they would have no legal right to reach genetic perfection. The theology of the virgin birth is not for the sacrifice of a perfect man, but for God himself, or a son of God. And to sacrifice God, or his son, for a man is a gross inequity. Jesus was formed into a perfect man, giving him all the limitations of a man, no extra or no less. He wasn't an angel or anything more powerful than a human, just a man. True, he was more powerful than Adam before he was formed into a man but when he took on the form of a man he became Adam's equal. Hebrews 2:9 9 but we behold Jesus, who has been made a little lower than angels, crowned with glory and honor for having suffered death, that he by God's undeserved kindness might taste death for every [man]. Therefore the theology requiring the virgin birth is a misinterpretation of Jewish scripture. Not true for an infinite number of reasons and I will now provide two counter arguments to show how the Virgin Birth is the foundation of the fulfilment of the Jewish law and religion. What do the sacrifices foreshadow? Following quoted from 'Insight on the Scriptures' (WBTS)  Atonement Sacrifices. As God directed, the Israelites were to offer sacrifices as sin offerings in order to make atonement. (Ex 29:36; Le 4:20) Of particular significance was the annual Atonement Day, when Israel's high priest offered animal sacrifices and made atonement for himself, for the other Levites, and for the nonpriestly tribes of Israel. (Le 16) Sacrificial animals were to be unblemished, indicating the necessity of perfection on the part of their antitype (Jesus). Also, that atonement is a costly matter is shown in that the victim's life was given, its blood being shed to make atonement. (Le 17:11) Sin offerings made by the Israelites and the various features of the yearly Day of Atonement undoubtedly impressed upon their minds the seriousness of their sinful state and their great need of complete atonement. However, animal sacrifices could not completely atone for human sin because beasts are inferior to man, who was given dominion over them.-Ge 1:28; Ps 8:4-8; Heb 10:1-4; Fulfillment in Christ Jesus. The Christian Greek Scriptures plainly link complete atonement for human sins with Jesus Christ. In him the types and shadows of the Mosaic Law find fulfillment, since he is the very One to whom the various animal sacrifices thereof pointed forward. As a perfect, sinless human, Jesus was the sin offering for all of Adam's descendants who eventually are delivered from inherited sin and death. (2Co 5:21) Christ "offered one sacrifice for sins perpetually" (Heb 10:12), and he is unquestionably "the Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." (Joh 1:29, 36; 1Co 5:7; Re 5:12; 13:8; compare Isa 53:7.) Forgiveness is dependent on the pouring out of blood (Heb 9:22), and Christians who are walking in the light are assured that "the blood of Jesus [God's] Son cleanses us from all sin."-1Jo 1:7; Heb 9:13, 14; Re 1:5. Jesus' perfect human life offered in sacrifice is the antitypical sin offering. It is the valuable thing that accomplishes the purchase of mankind, redeeming them from inherited sin and death. (Tit 2:13, 14; Heb 2:9) Christ himself declared: "The Son of man came, not to be ministered to, but to minister and to give his soul a ransom [Gr., ly'tron] in exchange for many." (Mr 10:45.) His sacrifice atoned exactly for what was forfeited by the sinner Adam, since Jesus was perfect and hence Adam's equal prior to the first man's sin.-1Ti 2:5, 6; Eph 1:7.  Hebrews 10:1-10 10 For since the Law has a shadow of the good things to come, but not the very substance of the things, [men] can never with the same sacrifices from year to year which they offer continually make those who approach perfect.  So these sacrifices must have pointed to a further fulfillment. 2 Otherwise, would the [sacrifices] not have stopped being offered, because those rendering sacred service who had been cleansed once for all time would have no consciousness of sins anymore?  Exactly! 3 To the contrary, by these sacrifices there is a reminding of sins from year to year, It was in a sense a teaching program. 4 for it is not possible for the blood of bulls and of goats to take sins away.  So Hank's right! 5 Hence when he comes into the world he says: "'Sacrifice and offering you did not want, but you prepared a body for me. 6 You did not approve of whole burnt offerings and sin [offering].' 7 Then I said, 'Look! I am come (in the roll of the book it is written about me) to do your will, O God.'" 8 After first saying: "You did not want nor did you approve of sacrifices and offerings and whole burnt offerings and sin [offering]"-[sacrifices] that are offered according to the Law- 9 then he actually says: "Look! I am come to do your will." So this is the one that has come to finish the law. He does away with what is first that he may establish what is second.  So you see there is a finishing off of the Jewish law so that the next phase in human salvation can begin. Matthew 24:14. 10 By the said "will" we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all time. Jehovah's justice regarding human sin is now balanced for all time. You now ask for forgiveness for sin in prayer through the name of Christ Jesus and you will be forgiven if you are truly repentant. No sacrifices needed.  What do the Tabernacles and Temples foreshadow? Paul said that the Tabernacles and Temples were pictorial or representative of something important at; Hebrews 8:5 5 "but which [men] are rendering sacred service in a typical representation and a shadow of the heavenly things; just as Moses, when about to make the tent in completion, was given the divine command: For says he: "See that you make all things after [their] pattern that was shown to you in the mountain.""  The Tabernacles and Temples were the arrangement for approaching God to receive atonement for sins, this is where the animals would be killed and blood spilled upon the alter to show your recognition of your sinful state. As Hank has already and quite correctly said that animal sacrifices can't remove sin they can only atone or cover them temporarily, so this entire arrangement could only be temporary or symbolic, Which would seem to indicate that God knew that this was not the ideal situation as Hank again clearly showed from the verses of Micah. God knew something more permanent was needed and was about to provide it! I will now attempt to show briefly what the temple arrangement foreshadowed starting with an eerily brief description of the typical design of the tabernacles that later became the Temples and of the people that serve there.  High Priest The Chief Priest.  Most Holy This was the innermost room of the Tabernacle or Temple, and the only person allowed through the large curtain that separated it from the Holy was the High priest to present the annual sacrifices on the Day of Atonement. Holy This was the first more larger compartment where the High Priest and the underpriests would serve.  curtain This was the large screen separating the Most Holy and the Holy.  Paul enlightens us to something truly outstanding regarding this design at; Hebrews 8:1-2 8 Now as to the things being discussed this is the main point: We have such a high priest as this (Jesus), and he has sat down at the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens (Most Holy), 2 a public servant of the holy place and of the true tent, which Jehovah put up, and not man. A tent (tabernacle), which Jehovah put up? So it can't be physical. Hebrews 8:3 3 For every high priest is appointed to offer both gifts and sacrifices; wherefore it was necessary for this one also to have something to offer. What did Jesus have to offer to Jehovah? Hebrews 10:20 20 "which he inaugurated for us as a new and living way through the curtain, that is, his flesh," So the curtain pictures Jesus' flesh.  Hebrews 8:5 5 but which [men] are rendering sacred service in a typical representation and a shadow of the heavenly things; So the entire design given by Jehovah to Moses for the construction of the tabernacle was to represent or foreshadow something very important. This is further evidenced by the way that God speaks to Moses regarding the layout. Exodus 25:9 9 According to all that I am showing you as the pattern of the tabernacle and pattern of all its furnishings, that is the way YOU are to make it.  If we recall what happened when Jesus expired on the torture stake at Matthew 27:51 51 "And, look! the curtain of the sanctuary was rent in two, from top to bottom,"  We will see that Jesus body was the pure perfect Human sacrifice that was required to gain access to the antitypical most holy, Heaven. I may like to point out that no other faithful person who died truly loving and serving Jehovah had ever accomplished such a mean feat, which must mean that this was a genetically perfect man equal to Adam. He was the corresponding ransom foreshadowed in the law by the animal sacrifices, the Christ.  When Jesus became the high priest of the spiritual temple he was anointed with Holy Spirit at his baptism, which would mean that he was the only one, like the typical High Priests, that was allowed to enter the antitypical Most Holy, his entire commission was the fulfillment of this very important tabernacle design. Which evidently means he was born of a virgin and God, so that God was the father, producing a genetically perfect son, the corresponding genetic equal of Adam.  Here is a synopsis of the subject; Typical______Antitypical  High Priest = Jesus Christ. (Hebrews 6:20) Most Holy = Heaven. (Hebrews 9:24) Holy = Jesus and his clean life and service on earth. (Hebrews 3:1) Curtain = Jesus flesh (Sacrifice) (Hebrews 10:20) Annual Day of Atonement = Jesus presenting his sacrifice in heaven. The antitypical is the fulfillment of the law, it is the spiritual temple of God not a physical one. When Jesus lay down his life in complete and perfect obedience it meant that the curtain (his flesh) was no longer a barrier for him to get into heaven (1Corintians 15:50), he could now enter into the Most Holy (Heaven) and present his sacrifice directly to God himself, as foreshadowed by the typical High Priests. This was the ultimate sacrifice that could be offered by the high priest in the spiritual temple, this sacrifice truly would remove the sin and imperfection brought about by Adam Hebrews 8:6 6 But now [Jesus] has obtained a more excellent public service, so that he is also the mediator of a correspondingly better covenant, which has been legally established upon better promises.  Jesus' death makes the old law obsolete (not Micah) and absolutely unnecessary. Now we have a law that is truly legal and can erase the effects of Adams sin from all mankind available to anyone that wants it. - Matthew 24:14.  In summary; 1. Mankind was affected because of Adam's deliberate sin. 2. Justice had to be met before mankind could be restored to genetic perfection. 3. The temporary use of blood sacrifices was needed to atone for the imperfection and to teach the people. 4. This meant that God would have to intervene in the production of a perfect Human child using an ovum of Mary. 5. Jesus meets the requirements and presents himself a sacrifice of complete and perfect obedience. Equal to Adam's perfect disobedience. 6. This makes the old Jewish law obsolete and is replaced by Christian law. 7. Christian law is the fulfillment of Jewish law and is clearly not a misrepresentation.  Therefore the virgin birth is the foundation of the entire salvation for mankind.   Again, sorry this is such a long post but the space is needed to address all your point appropriately, and provide counter arguments. All the best, Richard.
Richard I know this is a little late to be asking but my intent was to debate whether the virgin birth of Jesus happened or not. Was that your understanding? Yes, am i missing something? You provided argument that you felt support your view, and I provided argument that I felt supported my veiw.
LOL, no I just noticed that that never was clearly spelled out. Just wanted to get that clarified. Hank, I was thinking about this today, how else could we decide if the V,birth happened except from the Bible? If this question sounds more like part of our debate, just ignore it and i'll wait for your next post. I was just perplexed.
Hank, I would again like to thank you for this debate, it is a good way to explore personal belief and to find reasons why others don't believe the same things you do. I will start by answering your points made then again provide more arguments at the end. Okay but that will not be evidence of the virgin birth.  I disagree, If we have don't have Mary's exhumed body to examine for evidence of a virgin birth and we also don't have any video surveillance of the conception of Jesus, all that leaves is witness statements and reports and we have an abundance of those. The Bible is the witness statement made by various different people over a long period of time all pointing to or mentioning directly the account of the virgin birth.  For example when the Police arrive at the scene of a crime, first they may try to ascertain the circumstances that they are dealing with, i,e a domestic argument, a street brawl, a gangland battle, a drive by shooting, etc. they take a look around to try to find any evidence they can, on finding some evidence they inform the other officers and the evidence is examined and catalogued, the whole thing is now recorded at the station in report books. On finding some more evidence the police now return to the scene to examine and catalogue, when this is done they return to the police station to add this to their reports. Next a possible suspect becomes apparent, and after further investigation they decide to visit this suspect, they carry out some informal questioning on the suspect and return to add this to their report. It's now decided that this is the guy their looking for so they return to the suspects' home to make an arrest and are successful. With the suspect in the police cells they now add this to their report. On questioning the suspect on-tape they realise that this was the guy who had the main role in the crime, so once again they add this to their reports of the investigation so far. Further more intense questioning brings the suspect to confess his crimes which was all on tape, so they now add this to their reports and the case goes to court and the officers are called upon to present their reports of the investigation to the judge which are overwhelming and he's busted! (Sorry no punch line)  The Bible is just like the reports made by the police, it is a fundamental piece of evidence in ascertaining exactly what happened and where, so all parts need to be tested and examined to see if they hold any kind of persuasive argument of the event in question. As Jesus was the only one to fulfil the law this surly would lead us to the conclusion that God, according to the Bible, perfected a human ovum in the womb of Mary without the need of male sperm. I will expand on this at the end.  I would not agree that it is illogical to use science as part of the debate. My point is if human beings can force mutations in a lab this in no way proves that we evolved by a mutation process. Whereas if humans can't produce mutations then this in no way proves that we didn't evolve by a mutation process. If you provide unequivocal evidence that pathogenesis is not possible in humans then that doesn't prove that it didn't happen in the case of Jesus. I don't see how this is evidence of the virgin birth of Jesus.  Because most other Christian teachings cause chaos in the scriptures, whereas if you leave the Bible alone it will tell you an interesting and logical story about the relationship between God and mankind. It will also show how removing parts of that story cause irregularities and illogic. The way in which you read and interpret the report will expose if the account in question is a logical part of that report, if you have only a few direct witness statements concerning an event but the rest of the situation disagrees with what they say, then you could safely discard their statements as rubbish. However, if the reverse is the case and every part of that situation is in agreement then it would be foolish to discard them. I don't agree with that statement but I will concede that result for the sake argument. As I said before, that in no way is evidence for the virgin birth. Proving that X must be true for Y to be true does not prove X. If you make a convincing argument that your car will not start without gas, that does not prove your car has gas. And your argument that if the virgin birth is removed then the Bible will experience a supernova type event, does not prove, or even supply evidence that the virgin birth happened. It just is an argument that the Bible will experience a supernova type event. Wouldn't the existence of a car logically prove that someone had already discovered gasoline? Whether Mary needed to be a virgin is a separate issue than if she was a virgin.  That's illogical! If a man is shot in the chest at point blank range but suffers only severe bruising and then claims it was because he was wearing a bullet-proof vest, how odd it would be if someone then claims he wasn't wearing a bullet-proof vest. The evidence would lead everyone to conclude he was telling the truth and was wearing a vest otherwise he would have a rather large hole straight through his chest. Okay I'm in somewhat of a dilemma here. I just talked to the pastor of the First Baptist Church in the large neighboring town. He informed me that Baptist theology was that sin was passed through the male as I was taught. He has a PhD in theology so I assume he knows what he is talking about. Well Hank, if I had a PhD in Humour would that mean that I was always funny? emoticon_xgood I would like to know what leads the pastor to this conclusion.  Now that being said, I'm not clear on what "so that Almighty God could have a hand in modifying and perfecting the genes of the ovum" means. You seem to be saying that you don't believe God could have modified the genes of Mary's ovum if there had been male sperm there. Could you clarify what you mean by that statement and why if God modified the genes of Mary's ovum he couldn't have modified those same genes after fertilization? Almighty God needed someone that knew the situation well and who better than the very person that was used to create humans, Jesus knew exactly what Adam had done, he knew exactly how humans were made and how they would react to certain situations. He was the ideal candidate to be placed on an even par with Adam to present himself as a perfect human sacrifice. See end. If you are saying that imperfect genes from Adam are 'sin' in God's eyes and God created those imperfect genes by cursing Adam, then God created sin. Also it's not just from Adam but from both Adam and Eve. No! God can't create sin, Adam (and Eve) knew exactly what Jehovah had said to him regarding any potential disobedience, so because God carries out his justice it doesn't make him responsible for the dire consequences that followed. Adam had free will. Even so your theology is that children are condemned when they are born by something that is totally out of their control. No rational person considers punishing children for the sins of their parents as justice. In the case of Adam and Eve, perfect humans who had willfully rebelled, they deserved no mercy. Hence, Jehovah sentenced them to death. But his mercy came into play toward their offspring. Jehovah deferred the execution of the death sentence, thus allowing Adam and Eve to have children. He lovingly provided their descendants with hope of deliverance from sin and death.-Genesis 3:15; Romans 8:20, 21. Think about it Hank if God had of justly destroyed Adam and Eve in the beginning then he wouldn't have just genetically affected their children, we wouldn't have existed!!! He knew about you and I and decided that things outside of our control could not be a reason for us to have no chance of life, so even though we are born in a defected state we still get a good chance of life. Not only that Hank most the issues of justice were settled before you and I were even born isn't that loving to the highest order. I had to chuckle at the image of Almighty God and Able running around chasing a lamb that had gotten away. Somehow I think a God that had just created the universe could have controlled a domesticated animal. Absolutely, God could have made it do a moonwalk to an ancient rendition of "Billie Jean" if he wanted, although I don't think Cain and Abel would have appreciated the seriousness of the situation they were in :). It wouldn't have been God's responsibility to keep control of the offering, it was the person presenting it that had to make sure it was sound or presentable.  Micah makes a list of what God requires. Blood sacrifices are not included on that list. Therefore they are not required according to Micah. Not true, there are many things that Micah doesn't mention but it doesn't mean they're no longer required. I don't tell my wife I love her everyday but it doesn't mean that I don't (but try telling her that emoticon_mad ). If all that was needed was a perfect man, and Jesus was just a perfect man while here on earth, then there is no need for a virgin birth.  The virgin birth was needed so that God could implant the life patterns of his first-born son into the unfertilised ovum of Mary. See end.  If Jesus was born of a virgin as the Son of God, then the sacrifice is all out of proportion to the deed. Adam was in a direct relationship with Jehovah before he sinned, exactly the same as Jesus was in his pre-human existence. It wasn't lack of knowledge that cause Adam to sin, it was selfish use of his own freewill. That was a pretty good argument for the theology of Jesus being the requirement for the salvation of mankind but not much about the virgin birth. Ah well, if we look back through the history of faithful Biblical characters we will see that no one had the potential to fulfil the law, why? Because they weren't genetically perfected at conception by God. Which is extremely strong evidence that there was something special about Jesus, it all points to the fact that Jesus had a very important conception, according to the Bible.  The pregnancy of Mary before marriage  The first piece of evidence is Luke 2:5 which states that the couple was not married when Jesus was born. This verse talks of the registration requirements of Augustus over all the people, which had to be carried out in their towns or places of birth. It doesn't say that they weren't married only that they had to register themselves individually in their hometowns. It was a census of the people not a full-scale marriage. They were married before this registration because they had carried out the customary wedding ceremony; Following from 'insight on the Scriptures' vol. 2, pg. 341. Ceremony. As to the wedding itself, the central and characteristic feature was the solemn bringing of the bride from her father's home to her husband's home on the date agreed upon, in which act the significance of marriage as representing admission of the bride into the family of her husband found expression. (Mt 1:24) This constituted the wedding in patriarchal days before the Law. It was altogether a civil affair. There was no religious ceremony or form, and no priest or clergyman officiated or validated the marriage. The bridegroom took the bride to his house or to the tent or house of his parents. The matter was publicly made known, acknowledged, and recorded, and the marriage was binding.-Ge 24:67. Mary lived in a society that considered women property. Their primary function was to carry the seed of their husband. Paternity was extremely important to the Jews as is indicated by the oft-recorded genealogies in the Bible. Men required certainty that a woman was carrying their children.... The simple fact is that if the story happened as the Luke says, the birth of Jesus would have been a scandal and Mary would have been lucky to escape with her life.  Exactly! Wouldn't this fact then prove that Joseph would have taken his beloved fiance as wife so she would not be ashamed among the people? They couldn't have stoned Mary without the consent of Joseph, he owned her as you say. I once read that the parents owned the first-night bed material so they could prove their daughter was a virgin with the bloodstained sheets. The penalty for women having sex outside marriage was stoning. Mary didn't have sex outside of marriage, God implanted life inside her womb, and with the backing of Joseph over this account people would have more than likely just laughed and concluded that her and Joseph became impatient during their engagement, because Joseph made no charge against his wife and they proceeded to be married.  Deut. 22:13-21-This practice of keeping the cloth has continued among some peoples in the Middle East until recent times.  This is compelling evidence that the story was started at a later time after Mary was dead and all links with the Jewish religion were broken.  How? The only one who could bring a charge against Mary for not being pure was Joseph, and he knew the score.   The evidence of when the virgin birth story was introduced.  Miraculous births are a common theme in the Bible. However the Jews were careful to note that their God was a special God in that although he might help the elderly or barren become pregnant, he did not commingle with the common folks. He may have walked with Adam and Eve in the garden and had meetings with Cain and Abel but sex was out of the question. Walk/Walking is used in the Bible very figuratively, God was never literally present in the Garden of Eden. Notice also it says that it was his voice that was walking in the garden. And by the time Moses came along, it was not even possible to look at him without dying. By the time of Jesus, God was the spiritual Father of the Jews and the physical element of the concept of God was pretty much discarded. There never was a physical concept, the Bible is written to a physical creation so it's often very symbolic of God. Especially at the start when directed to nomadic tribesmen.   Now as for the evidence, scholars for the most part agree on the relative dates of the first New Testament books as being in the following order:  Paul's letters Mark Matthew Luke This is where the reasoning on your evidence is seriously flawed; you have stated that these books of the Bible were written in that order, yet you have not shown any evidence to back that statement up. I will now provide some evidence of why I believe Matthew was the earliest book written concerning the conception, birth and life of Jesus and also give my thoughts on Paul's earliest writings and the other Gospels. Matthew c.41 c,e, 1Thessalonians c.50 2Thessalonians c. 51 Galatians c. 50-52 (more likely summer of 52) 1Corinthians c. 55 2Corinthians c. 55 Romans c. 56 Luke c. 56-58 Ephesians c. 60-61 Philippians c. 60-61 Colossians c. 60-61 Philemon c. 60-61  Mark c. 60-65  Matthew predates the other gospels and Paul's writings;  Following from 'All scripture is inspired of God" pg. 176-77.  The exact year is not known, but subscriptions at the end of some manuscripts (all later than the tenth century C.E.) say that it was 41 C.E. and there is nothing in the Gospel to contradict this date. Matthew's Gospel is by no means a mere enlargement of Mark's, the similarity between the two could well be accounted for in that Peter had a copy of Matthew's Gospel and used it in his preaching. Mark, in incorporating parts of what Peter said, would thus be writing down much that Matthew wrote. How much of Matthew's Gospel is unique? About 42 percent of its contents. Matthew mentions the Kingdom far more often than do the others, 50 times. The expression "the kingdom of the heavens," used often instead of "the kingdom of God," is unique with him. Further, he gives us ten parables that the others do not and he is more explicit as to figures. It is typical that he alone tells us that it was for thirty pieces of silver that Jesus was betrayed.   There is evidence to indicate that Matthew originally wrote his Gospel in the popular Hebrew of the time and later translated it into Greek. In his work De viris inlustribus (Concerning Illustrious Men), chapter III, Jerome says: "Matthew, who is also Levi, and who from a publican came to be an apostle, first of all composed a Gospel of Christ in Judaea in the Hebrew language and characters for the benefit of those of the circumcision who had believed." Jerome adds that the Hebrew text of this Gospel was preserved in his day (fourth and fifth centuries C.E.) in the library that Pamphilus had collected in Caesarea. Early in the third century, Origen, in discussing the Gospels, is quoted by Eusebius as saying that the "first was written . . . according to Matthew, . . . who published it for those who from Judaism came to believe, composed as it was in the Hebrew language." That it was written primarily with the Jews in mind is indicated by its genealogy, which shows Jesus' legal descent starting from Abraham, and by its many references to the Hebrew Scriptures, showing that they pointed forward to the coming Messiah. This evidence would undoubtedly point to an early writing because it deals extensively with the Jews, showing that the Christian organization was still very much in its infancy before it's mass exodus into the gentile nations.  Luke's Gospel precedes Mark's.  'All scripture is inspired of God' pg 187. Acts 1:1 indicates that the writer of Acts (who was also Luke) had earlier composed "the first account," the Gospel. Acts was most probably completed about 61 C.E. while Luke was in Rome with Paul, who was awaiting his appeal to Caesar. So the Gospel account was probably written by Luke in Caesarea about 56-58 C.E., after he returned with Paul from Philippi at the end of Paul's third missionary journey and while Paul was waiting two years in prison at Caesarea before being taken to Rome for his appeal. Since Luke was there in Palestine, during this time he was well situated to 'trace all things from the start with accuracy' concerning the life and ministry of Jesus. Thus, Luke's account appears to have preceded Mark's Gospel.  Marks account is recorded between 60-65c.e.  Since Mark evidently wrote primarily for the Romans, he most likely did his writing in Rome. Both earliest tradition and the contents of the book allow for the conclusion that it was composed in Rome during either the first or the second imprisonment of the apostle Paul, and hence during the years 60-65 C.E. In those years Mark was in Rome at least once, and likely twice.   So the evidence seems to suggest that the only two gospels that directly talk of the virgin birth are the ones that were written first, with the book of Matthew predating all other Christian writings. This overwhelming evidence shows that all other Christian writers were in full knowledge of the fact of the virgin birth so if it was false we should look to them for some kind of rebuttal of this teaching, so moving on to what you've assumed Paul meant in his writings. Since the letters of Paul were the first writings we have about Jesus, it is important to know what those writings say about the birth of Jesus. The first mention of Jesus' birth occurs in Galatians 4:4  But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law,"  Paul states that Jesus was made of a woman and under the law. This statement was made between 49 and 55 C.E. So Jesus was God and Mary's son, and as God is a spirit this would mean that it was a sperm free conception. Paul makes no mention of a virgin birth. If it had been raised, Paul would have certainly commented on the validity of the theology.  Would the driver of a car constantly remind the passengers that he has a steering wheel? They would have all been in full knowledge of the how and why Jesus was conceived. Around 56 to 58 C.E. Paul writes in Romans 1:3,4  "Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh; And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:" Yes Jesus was made "according to the flesh" and no doubt he resembled his mother, but this does not show that he had a human father. Mary was of the tribe of Judah and a descendant of David. Hence it could be said of her son Jesus that he "sprang from the seed of David according to the flesh." And again in Acts 13:33  "God hath fulfilled the same unto us their children, in that he hath raised up Jesus again; as it is also written in the second psalm, Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee." I've read this millions of times but I don't see your point. So according to Paul, Jesus had a perfectly normal birth and was declared the Son of God when God raised him from the dead. I'm not sure of the point you are trying to make, how does this affect his conception? It is obvious that Paul never considered Jesus to be born of a virgin or he would have unequivocally incorporated it into his theology. Unfortunately Paul died (around 64 C.E.) either before this became an issue or anything written by him about the virgin birth has been lost.  What does the book of Mark (written about 65 to 70 C.E.) say about the virgin birth. Actually of course the book of Mark does not mention the virgin birth as anyone familiar with the Gospels knows. At the first of the book, Mark has Jesus being called the Son of God at his Baptism. Therefore the stories of the virgin birth had not yet begun to be circulated or Mark would have surely commented on them. Why? Silence on the subject is a very weak argument, if you buy a car from a salesperson you will notice that after he/she runs through the extremely long list of goodies that the car has he will rarely feel the need to point out that it also comes with an adequate steering wheel, fitted as standard. Why does he fail to mention it? Because he knows that you know that the car is unusable without one.  Wouldn't the phrase "Son of God" mean that he was God's son not Josephs?  The first of only two mentions in the Bible of the virgin birth comes from Matthew around 80-90 C.E. after giving the genealogy of Joseph from Abraham. Matthew obviously had the writings of Mark as much material is quoted almost word for word. This writing was after the death of Paul.  The second mention is from Luke which also had the writings of Mark and probably Matthew and was also after the death of Paul. In Luke the story is expanded to show that John the Baptist is subservient to Jesus. That would indicate that there was some competition between the followers of John and the followers of Jesus.  The main point of this evidence is the timing of the virgin birth story. After the rebellion of the Jews and the destruction of the temple in 70 C.E., Christianity developed in the Gentile community. Before that time, much of Christianity was developing in the Jewish community. Christianity was considered a sect of the Jewish religion and was practiced by Jews who sometimes delivered their message in the synagogues. However no Jewish synagogue would have consented to any teachings that affirmed any kind of physical relationship between Jehovah and a woman. The very fact that Christians continued to preach in the synagogues is the strongest evidence possible that the virgin birth story was not taught at the time.  Chief priest Annas questioned Jesus about his disciples and about his teaching. However, Jesus says in reply: "I have spoken to the world publicly. I always taught in a synagogue and in the temple, where all the Jews come together; and I spoke nothing in secret. Why do you question me? Question those who have heard what I spoke to them. See! These know what I said." At this, one of the officers standing near Jesus slaps him in the face, saying: "Is that the way you answer the chief priest?"(LOL. Jesus was the chief priest) "If I spoke wrongly," Jesus replies, "bear witness concerning the wrong; but if rightly, why do you hit me?" After this exchange, Annas sends Jesus away bound to Caiaphas. The point is Hank if Jesus was hit and arrested for his teaching then your whole argument holds no water because even after these extreme circumstances the Christian disciples were still allowed to teach and preach in the synagogues. But once the cult broke away from Judaism, which was after the Jewish rebellion when they were being persecuted by the Roman government, Christianity was free to delve into pagan beliefs. This ran counter to any Jewish beliefs but was very instrumental in converting Gentiles to Christianity as they had long held these kinds of beliefs and were very familiar and comfortable with them. I agree with you 100% that the Christian organization became filled with pagan teachings after moving into gentile nations, but this is not so with the Virgin Birth account, it fits to well with the rest of the scriptures, unlike others that I need not mention.  I will add this one thing. James and Jude, who were brothers of Jesus, never said a word about it in the writings attributed to them and Jesus never said a word about it. Common sense would dictate that Jesus' family would have known about it if anyone did and would have said something about it. Not directly no but again like the rest of the scriptures their writings fit like a glove with the account of the Virgin Birth, which is further evidence that it is a well know and factual account. At James 1:1 and Jude 1 both brothers humbly avoided identifying themselves as full fleshly brothers of the Lord Jesus Christ.  Jesus' Pre-human existence requires the Virgin Birth.  John 8:23 23 So he went on to say to them: "YOU are from the realms below; I am from the realms above. YOU are from this world; I am not from this world.  John 6:62 62 What, therefore, if YOU should behold the Son of man ascending to where he was before? I don't think their would be many arguments from people concerning the pre-human existence of Jesus (Although it wouldn't surprise me) which also has a bearing on the need for a sperm-less conception. John 3:13 13 Moreover, no man has ascended into heaven but he that descended from heaven, the Son of man. This is the point; Jesus existed before his life on earth and was then transferred into the womb of Mary, there is no room in this equation for a human father, all that would produce is a child of that father but as we know Jesus is very often referred to as the Son of God. So again we have further evidence that the Virgin Birth is a valued and most essential part of God's word.  The use of Jesus for paying the ransom is evidence for the Virgin Birth   Following on from what I said near the start of this post, God wanted to prove the love he had for all of Adam's offspring because he had, out of necessity, allowed a human family to be born in an imperfect state, and the best way that Jehovah and Jesus could prove this was to form Jesus into a man and to allow him to be killed by unreasonable religious nutcases. By doing this it would prove that Jehovah would go to extreme lengths to bring back mankind from the war-torn and strife filled world that he had permitted in order to prove Satan wrong. Jesus and Jehovah have spent evidently billions of years together and love each other beyond compare, obviously God could not come to earth to prove this himself so he sent the next best thing his firstborn son. For it says "he is the reflection of [God's] glory and the exact representation of his very being." (Hebrews 1:3). First he had to remove Jesus from the spirit realm, which would have been an enormous sacrifice in itself and then transfer his life patterns into the womb of Mary, watch him grow up in a nation that so much profaned God's name, and then watch them kill him, his first born son. If all this is not proof that God will go to the most extreme lengths to prove his love then I don't know what does! Now, add a human father to this equation and the whole thing becomes a lot less personal don't you think? God would in effect be sitting back and saying that we should sort out our own problems, all he would do is produce a perfect human child using two Human parents, which would die a loyal death, and hey-presto justice has been done, NO! God wanted to prove something.  John 3:16 16 "For God loved the world so much that he gave his only-begotten Son,   'Seventy week' prophecy in Daniel The prophecy that I would like to focus on is the one at chapter 9, verses 22-27. This prophecy is again in keeping with the virgin birth account, infact it requires the event because it say that the messiah will appear and "terminate transgression, and finish of sin, and to make atonement for error, and to bring in righteousness for times indefinite" again this must denote that God would intervene in the conception of Jesus to produce a perfect human who would be qualified to pay the ransom required.   Therefore the Virgin birth account is a vital part of the scriptures, although this can never prove that it actually happened, it gives it a lot more credibility if it fits in with the report that has been written over 1500 years with fantastic harmony and purpose. The Virgin Birth account fits in every corner of the Bible there is not a single verse that conflicts with the account, infact the account is echoed or pointed to in all the scriptures, as I've said before it's the foundation of the salvation for mankind making it, in a biblical sense, fact.  Richard,
Well, I was hoping someone else would go first...  Let me introduce you to the God I believe in. God is:  One  Truth  Light Love Infinite All Knowing Everywhere All powerful Unequaled Perfect A Most Pure Spirit Invisible Without limit Eternal Incomprehensible The Almighty One Most Wise Most Holy Most Free Most Absolute Most Loving Gracious Merciful Long-suffering Forgiving Just in all His judgements The Creator The Sheperd  God does not have a human body God does not change  God works according to His will God receives glory God abounds in goodness God rewards those who seek Him  God hates sin (copied from www.carm.org)  God has no begining or end. He always was.  God created us so that He could love us. 1 Jonh 4.8, "He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love."  Sandy
As I have already mentioned, "where does God come from?" is a nonsensical question. A being that is ontologically contingent on nothing cannot be caused into existence, and it cannot not exist - it has Necessary Existence. It is, after all, the Supreme Being. It would be a category error to presuppose that God or the Universe was caused or uncaused. At least, in the classical sense. It should also be noted that any reference to God with the masculine pronoun, "He" does not imply that God is a male - but rather, it is metaphorical, and used among theists for multiple reasons.
Excellent topic Plotter!  This will likely be one of the only posts I make for this week so allow me to expound for a bit.  I agree with Sandy in that God always was, is, will be. I also agree that God created man to love, because God is love, He could demonstrate his love in us.   Simple logic says that for creation to exist something must be self existent. Many will argue that is the universe. The problem is that the universe exists within a framework called space-time. Therefore, it could not be self existent. God is the self existent one. For man to have created God in his image is ludricous because the true image of God is not at all the image of man. Man is by nature, bent, dented, distorted. Man by his own nature will lie, cheat, steal, murder, and self protect. God is the opposite. This is demonstrated in the person of Jesus. Jesus went before the authorities, wrongfully accused, and did nothing to defend himself. He placed himself into the hands of the Father. He died, wrongfully accused and took on the sins of the world, was condemned and rose again, defeating death.  While this may seem like a fairy tale to the atheist, the atheist has no better explanation. God certainly, is not created in the image of man. At least not the christian god. If one looks at the "other gods" over time, you will see the image of man. This is particulary true of the greek and Roman gods. They showed petty jealousies, strife, disunity, cheting, deceptions, etc. Almost any other god in history is similar. Additionally, The christian God is the only one who says that you and I have no ability to deal with what separates man from God. God is the only one who has that ability and does it for us. He not only forgives us but himself pays the price. It is as if I come to your house and break your lamp. The lamp is broken. It was an expensive one of a kind lamp that is irreplaceable. I do not have the money to pay you for it. You choose to say I forgive you and we remain friends. That is good, but there is more. The lamp is broken and the price for replacement must still be paid. You choose to find the identical lamp and purchase it at an exhorbitant price. That is the kind of love that God demonstrates.  It is so far from mankind that it is ridiculous. Another example. You have a close friend and someone comes up and attacks your friend. You might, because you are close, jump into the fray to help your friend, risking your life. You might even do that for a stranger. We see on the news all the time, people jumping into raging floods to help someone or some such.   However, Jesus chose to die for us, to give his life, while we were enemies. He asked of His Father to "Forgive them for they know not what they do." He asked this at the moment he was being crucified. I doubt you or I would likely risk our life for an enemy. This is why I say that God is not created in the image of man. At least not the christian God.   There are other reasons. I will not likely be able to post again on this for a while. If you have questions for me go ahead and post them but be patient on my reply.   Plotter, you and I have had many conversations on God. I don't know if you would be willing to read a part of the bible that I might suggest for your perusal. I would suggest the book of Romans chapters 5-8 and then the book of Ephesians and Philippians. The latter two are fairly short. I would be interested in your take on those items. If you don't want to though, that is fine. I thought it might be germain to the discussion. It is not an attempt to "evangelize". That really isn't my style.  Best to all and thanks for letting me ramble.
yes, but this is assuming that God does exist.  What an odd first sentence! I'm always surprised when people propose such a statement. Of course. ;) And, I provided a reasonable, logical argument for not only why God exists necessarily, but that God indeed exists in actuality. it is not impossible to think that God is only a concept, since by definition, the nature of God at some point changed from "all powerful supreme being" to "greatest possible being" Changed? I should think those two to be equivalent. Do you have a good reason for why they shouldn't at least by synonymous? Furthermore, because people might change what they mean by God, this by no means goes to say that God Himself changes. A being that exists necessarily cannot be contingent or bound by time, so I don't see why He shouldn't transcend time.
you cannot assume God exists in order to demonstrate that God exists. If God does indeed exist, then yes, he exists necessarily. but if God is only an imaginary being, then he does not exist in reality (like I said before) I think you didn't view my argument and that there's a misinterpretation of what I was saying. I was speaking of the attributes of a God, and you plunge in and say, "well, that's assuming that God exists". Of course it is. When you speak of God, you assume that if He were to exist, then He would do this or wouldn't do that. Furthermore, the premise I use does not assume that God exists, but rather that His existence is not impossible - that is, God is possible. <<G or <<~G are the most reasonable default modal states I can think of for any being who's existence is in question. Im sure you remember the ontological argument and its premises. I remember the Ontological argument, but truthfully, I saw no relevance to what followed. Your criticism is quite easily solved - God cannot do the logically impossible. Why? Because it is impossible. Can God microwave a burrito so hot that He Himself cannot eat it? The greatest possible being wouldn't be able to do anything (as you've defined omnipotence), or not have any "bounds" of his existence or power - that is analytically unsupportable. It would have the greatest possible power, which I should think is a much better definition for omnipotence. Anyhow, definitions are arbitrary, so as long as we're understood by what I mean it doesn't matter.
there is a logical difference between "greatest possible being" and "infinitely all-powerful being", and I think you acknowledged the difference, even though you didnt state it. Those were not the two definitions that you originally stated. You stated that it evolved from "all-powerful supreme being" to "greatest possible being". Do you not agree that these two are synonymous?  you started off by stating that God cannot be caused, and cannot not exist. this is a presupposition you cannot just make.  Of course, I am saying that If He were to exist, then He would have to existence necessarily. That truth is analytic - it follows from the definition of God - Supreme Being. On a last note, you cannot define or "imagine" anything into existence. One can imagine a being existing in their dreams, but it does not follow that this being exists in actuality. For the MOA, check everything after the last quote of this post. Tell me if you find any fallacies, or whether you reject any of the axioms. If you do neither, then you must accept the fate of the conclusion. Of course, this is assuming that you accept logic. ;)
the reason why they are not synonymous is because an "all-powerful supreme being" can literally do the imposible, while the "greatest possible being" cannot Who is to say that they can do the impossible? The Supreme Being, as defined, is the source of all power - the definition you are proposing already has the contradiction crammed in it. He cannot do the logically impossible, simply, because it cannot be done. first of all, remember when the same logic was applied with the premise 2. as <<~G (it is possible for God not to exist), instead of <<G (~[]~G) the conclusion was that God doesnt exist. if it is possible for God to exist, then we conclude that God exists. if it is possible for God to not exist, then we conclude that God does not exist. Nah, This point has been already covered in the past. Let's go through it. What you and a few others were saying, is that if we are to change axiom two, then we would come out with a quite different proof: of the non-existence of God.  However, what is missed is that we now have a problem that did not exist in the original. Through disjunctive syllogism in inference (8), (9) becomes []~G. Now, however, we have violated the law of noncontradiction, which applies in S5. We have stated that God (the greatest possible being) cannot possibly exist, which is absurd.  Using Reductio Ad Absurdum, we now have a logical reason to prefer the axiom ~[]~G to ~[]G. That axiom is the weakest part of the argument, but not for this reason. To see all the other popular criticisms and their rebuttals, go to that website I later provided. It covers them quite extensively. Or, you can just go here.  Also, I think you meant to say "logically valid" instead of "logically sound". By saying that it is logically sound you are proposing that the inferences are valid, and that the premises are true. In an axiomatic deductive argument, the inferences logically follow from the premises, and the truth of the argument is necessitated by them. So, accepting the premises in a valid argument would lead to a true conclusion. In this case - G. Which, I don't think you accept just yet. ;) secondly, the definition "the greatest possible being" limits God from doing what is impossible, at least in the logical sense. but what about the physical sense? is it possible for God to turn a stick of chalk into a mercedes benz car (with leather interior, preferably). if this is not possible, then God cannot do it. we end up with a God thats really not that awesome... That matter is really quite trivial. I'm defining omnipotence as it is commonly used by philosophers these days - a being that can do anything that is possible. Poweful to the greatest possible extent. Obviously, God cannot do what He cannot do. That would be a contradiction.
I would like to know what people think are the origins of a god, where did he/she come from? I do not think anyone knows the asnwer to this question. It isn't really stated in the bible either. For now I just accept he was just "there". We'll probably all find out some day...  Why did they create us? What motivation would a supreme being have for creating humanity? God created us for His glory; to serve Him (this is pointed out in Isaiah 43:1-7)
Ive printed out and read the entire article from the tishammerw web site. Good. :) It's really a great help to understanding modal logic. Im aware of the counterarguments. the thing is, if you declare that it is not possible for God not to exist, then that[']s like stating he exists before you even started the proof. [I'm] not satisfied with that counterargument. Unfortunately, (and I believe the definition is covered quite extensively on that website), it is not for you or I to change the definition of a word simply because it defines too well! A greater definition for God than Supreme Being cannot be dreamed of. Anyways, it is quite irrelevant whether one rejects the definition. If this proof shows that such a being exists, it proves it regardless of whether one likes the definition. Then, you will have to explain what would be a more suitable definition for God.  I'll explain to you why your other matter is terribly trivial. Do you know what can be done and what cannot be done? Who is to say what can be done or what cannot? Certainly not science. Science is widely based on induction and draws its conclusions through empirical methods. It does not propose absolutes. Why? Because they wouldn't make sense - science only tells us what is going on in a controlled environment. Absolutes might come from other places, like logic or mathematics, but they certainly do not come from empiricism.   Furthermore, the laws of physics are by no means necessary. At the point of a singularity all our mathematical and scientific equations do not make sense. They all break down. The only plausible way to determine what is possible would be to use an a priori in, perhaps, a Euclidean frame as it is presented here. In a deductive axiomatic system you can resolve absolutes based on the axioms. But, what would your assumed truths be?  This argument might not be the most pleasing, but it's certainly logically valid. And, as far as I can see - perfectly sound.
Supreme being is a good definition, and we'll leave it at that. I'm glad that we agree. however, supreme being simply means "being better than all other beings". say that being is able to run faster, swim further, lifter heavier objects, and cook more delicious meals than anybody else in that exists, then thats your supreme being. Well, perhaps. It means best and unrivalled. Anyhow, all of that is out of the scope of modality. The Supreme Being, has existence in all possible worlds - Necessary Existence. but it also holds that this being cannot do what is impossible, nor does he have to, in order to maintain supreme being status. I'm glad that we're agreed. No being can do the impossible, since that would be both logically impossible and self-refuting. dreamweaver, everything is not possible, obviously.  I agree, and I don't think that I have ever suggested it to be otherwise. For example, there can be no being that can destroy the Supreme Being. And hence - it is impossible. however, there are some things that mentally can be perceived, but still physically impossible. can a rock float in mid air? I can sit here visualizing a rock floating in mid air, but that does not make it possible. and if it not possible, then what would make you think that it can be done by even the greatest possible being? it ca[n]not, simply because the greatest possible being (or supreme being) cannot do what is impossible. it still would permit that being to remain supreme though, just not as powerful as we classically imagine Your analogy of the rock floating in mid air does not hold. I would have thought that I created a reasonable refutation for absolutes in Empiricism. You reached your conclusion that a rock cannot float because of induction. Let me try to go through it once more.  You posit that a rock cannot float. You reached this conclusion by both common sense and experience. Why? Because you simply have never seen a rock that has floated. Or, you might say that it would violate the law of gravitation, which you have seen to be true constantly. You might have seen a rock fall to the ground once or twice a week, but you are always seeing Gravity at work.   So, now, we are in a slightly stronger position to posit our presupposition. The rock will fall to the ground because of gravity. But, again, this will not get us far. The only reason for believing that the laws of gravitation will remain in operation is that they have always operated in the past. So far as our knowledge serves us. There are countless cases where the laws have been unviolated. But, the underlining question is, how many causes of the law working will assure us that it will work in the future, or that it has always occured in the past?  If there aren't a sufficient number (and there aren't), it should become quite obvious that we have no ground in which to propose an absolute that the rock will not fall to the ground. All expectations are merely probable. It may not be satisfying, but that is the nature of induction, and of science. It might be practical to presume it as an absolute, but in reality, no such absolute in science exists.   As I have mentioned already, the impossible cannot be done, so we are entirely agreed upon the point that the Supreme Being cannot do the impossible.    it still would permit that being to remain supreme though, just not as powerful as we classically imagine  Really? I really cannot imagine a being that is more powerful than that being that can do all that is impossible. You might say that you can imagine a being that can do the impossible, but that is a psychological supposition and you really cannot. If we are to be more specific, we should refer to possible world semantics. So, the question becomes, "is there a possible world where a being can do the impossible?" The simple logical answer is "no", so we therefore have our conclusion.  So, while we now both accept that such a being is possible and that a better definition than Supreme Being cannot be dreamed of, are you agreed on the conclusion? Inference 10.
The only way you could propose that something is impossible, is by making a statement that is analytically supportable. If it is not, then you'll have to justify it by other means. Any conclusion reached by empiricism cannot serve to propose that something is "impossible".  This is probably the first (or second) debate on this forum where it has actually progressed. Furterhmore, you are to be commended highly for your intellectual honesty. Be well. ;)
The discussion has gone well beyond me. Except for this.  The reason the framework of space time makes it impossible for the universe to be self existent is because of the nature of space time. Hawking has said the universe is either bounded but infinite or finite without a boundary. This kind of anomaly necessarily requires some kind of beginning. If the former is true then it had a beginning and no end. If the latter is true then it had no beginning but must end.   More to the point, the very nature of "self existent" requires some sort of was, is, will be kind of interpretation. This is not possible with time. Time by its nature defines beginnings and endings. The only self existent must exist outside of time. It must be so that all of time is seen simultaneously and interacted in simultneously.  Christians hold that the events of the crucifixion saved in all times. Forward and Backward, and currently. This has been true before any such concept of space time was ever developed.   God does not come from anywhere. I agree, again with Sandy. He simply is. I agree some may not accept Jesus as God but that is another debate.   The other argument that God was made in man's image is still not sufficiently refuted as God's image is distinctly different from mans. One only has to look at human history to discover that. That history includes christians by the way, who have done some horribel things in the name of God. That does not mean that God was accurately represented in those things. It means the christians of the time were out for their own glory and not Gods.   Humans do not have it in them to attain perfection. We were never made to do this. It is this striving for perfection without the concommitant ability that leads to all of the depression and hopelessness in the world.  The christian God is one that is both transcendant and immenent. Meaning he may be all powerful but he is approachable. Why you may ask? This is where Jesus comes in. Because of what Jesus chose to do at the cross, the bible says that we can come "boldly before the throne" of God. That is in Hebrews if you are interested.   I am not, by the way, trying to prove the existence of God or Jesus. I am simply answering the question put by plotter. Where did God come from. The information I am posting simply points to his self existence and the impossibility of anything else be self existent.  Unker: You state that "the evidence shows" that there are multiple universes. This is only a high falootin' theory. There is no evidence to actually show that. There is evidence that is being interpreted as such. But to do that one has to deny the existence of God. Since his existence is largely acceptable as a faith statement, then it is improper to dismiss Him as there is no more evidence to his nonexistence than his existence. The assumption of other universes is based on a faulty premise. It is only a theory.   There are no direct or indirect observable effects in this universe of another universe. If there are I must ask you to post a source. Simoply say there is evidence that... is not enought.   Thanks again for your time.
I hope you see that this is actually not trivial, but it may be more consequential that the modal logic itself No, I truly see it as a trivial problem. Why? Because there is no point being made by it. We are both agreed that this being can do nothing impossible, and only that which is possible. It's all well and good asking, "can it do this, is it possible". I have already mentioned, multiple times, that this is pretty useless. Why not show why, (i) It cannot have existence in all possible worlds, (ii) it cannot do anything that is possible. How powerful can it be? Simple; it can do anything that is possible. Your questions of things that it can or cannot do are not for this argument to answer, but rather, systems that can propose absolutes.
then the greatest possible being is man. Absurd. Look up the definition for "Supreme Being" in the dictionary. And, furthermore, substantiate your claim that man is not contingent on something. There are so many flaws in that point that I won't even mention the rest.
Argh! That's not the definition I told you to look up. I meant the first one, obviously:  Supreme Being ( P ) Pronunciation Key (s-prm) n.  God.  http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=supreme%20being  I can easily argue that existing in the supernatural is impossible, being omnipotent is impossible, and creating the universe from nothing is impossible. therefore this definition cannot be applied to the "greatest being possible"We are stuck on square one, for the only reason that you keep taking us there. Forget everything else. Supreme Being = God. Now, we can talk about the attributes of such a being from its modifying qualifier, "Supreme". If you want to think of such a being's attributes and power then you would get: supreme knowledge, supreme power, supreme existence. There. That last part of your post is pretty invalid, but I'm not even going to bother with it, simply because I want to get this point, specifically, sorted. Once we clarify this, I'll show why the rest is wrong.
Can you name something that does not exist? Of course I can. A shredliv. I define it as something that is human but is not human. It cannot exist because of the law of noncontradiction. You cannot define something into existence.
Unkerpaulie, I can't help but think that you are repeating the same points. We are agreed that the impossible is impossible, and therefore not possible, yet I see you mentioning it in every post. Just one question for now: (i) Do you not agree that the last attributes (Supreme power, Supreme existence....) I gave to the Supreme Being are possible? That is what I mean by God; do you accept the conclusion of the argument?  As for your statement of omnipotence and omniscience being impossible - I'll get to that after.
OK, for the record, yes I agree that supreme power, supreme knowledge, supreme (insert characteristic here) exists. I also agree that a being that retains these characteristics exists. Please forgive me for frustrating you about that if I did ;) So we've no agreed on the existence of a Supreme Being. Surprisingly, it took a shorter amount of posts than it normally takes. With regards to frustration - don't worry about it; sometimes I forget to use smilies and I sound terribly angry. ;) OK, lets move on First - omnipotence. Define omnipotence. I define it as being able to do all that is logically possible. I do not define it as being able to do the impossible for two reasons: (i) it has the contradiction crammed in it already, for, then a "being could do what it cannot do", and (ii) if a being could do the impossible, it would not be impossible. So, it's a nonsensical phrase. If you disagree with the definition, then you'll have to provide some reason for why you should think that it should be the contradictory latter.
Good; so you agree that omnipotence, as stated, is not contradictory. Your thing about the rock growing can only be stated as an empirical fact, and never an absolute - so, you cannot say that it is impossible, unfotunately. Check my whole post on induction. Shall we move on to omniscience? Pretty much the same principle applies.... but I explain it if you want.
you see, my problem was never whether a being can be omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, etc. these are all well and good, and easily attributed to the Supreme being. I believe that in the majority of your posts you stated that these were "impossible attributes".  but... all this still ultimately hinges on the scope and range of possible. without giving meaning to what is possible, these other terms are useless. in fact, the limits of possible supercedes the supreme being, since the supreme being cannot do beyond what is possible. Not necessarily. *sigh*, this is going to take a few many more posts. What you must remember is that essence precedes existence. And knowledge doesn't precede either. So, existence precedes knowledge. God precedes logic for the same reason that he is the source of all truth, which is why He is omniscient. God is the very source of what is possible, so his own possibility is really a "non-question". You must also remember that when you speak of things within reference to the possibility of the Universe, you mustn't apply the same thing to something that transcends it. That would be just what Ryle would have called a "category error". It's just like saying that the Universe is uncaused; it's nonsensical, at least, in the classical sense.
God came from God, God created Us, then we created God, but God created us first.
I must be writing in some type of cryptic language. ;) God precedes logic? are you saying that God can defy logic? or is not bound by logic? in other words, is God illogical? Firstly, and this doesn't even matter, I already told you about category errors. Because something is not logical, it does not follow that it is illogical - sometimes, neither can be applied. Like saying, "the tree is patient". It's a human characteristic; while it may be applied for literary techniques such as personification - it has no place in logic.  Let's get some ground points: (1) God precedes logic, but I believe that He created so that both we, and Him operate within Logic.  (2) God cannot do the [logically] impossible because it is not possible. also, I thought we had previously agreed that God is not all-powerful, and that he is still subject to logic. What?? We concluded exactly the opposite (of the first part). Don't you remember my recent explanation on omnipotence?  I define it as being able to do all that is logically possible. I do not define it as being able to do the impossible for two reasons: (i) it has the contradiction crammed in it already, for, then a "being could do what it cannot do", and (ii) if a being could do the impossible, it would not be impossible. So, it's a nonsensical phrase. If you disagree with the definition, then you'll have to provide some reason for why you should think that it should be the contradictory latter.  Did you not agree with this section as you previously stated?
Nothingness, Are you a Morman? Mormans believe that god, at one time, was a mere human, that there are many gods- each with his own universe to rule, and that a man can become a god. Example: If I become a god, my god gets bumped up a notch on the status ladder, and I get my own universe. I guess it works sort of like Amway, or Mary-Kay.  Sandy  I am not a morman, I do happen to believe in the God of Mr. King Solomon, I also believe in the scientific idea that given enough time, or like Einstein once said, "thought expirement" if you had the ability to eliminate certain people from history, and I am strictly referring to regular humans, with no divine powers, whatever ideas they came up with, or in any way that they contributed to man/woman kind, if these people were eliminated before their time someone else would eventually come up with the same or similar concepts, so in my personal perspective, and way before I ever read the writtings of Solomon or anything in that nature I had what the Buddist would call a realization of something that has always been, the thoughts kinda just entered my head out of the blue, the thoughts of the meaningless, now as far as the morman idea, just like anything else in our brains, it will never change anything, in the sense of what the humans can do in this life, kinda like if you think of anything that your mind can imagine, and I mean anything and after you are finished thinking about it add the 2 words "Then What" or "So What" wether its good, bad, neutral, existant, or non-existant, thats the beauty of life for me, Not Knowing anything<<<<<
I think that Nothingness is referring to Philosopher-King Solomon; Son of David in Jerusalem. Sometimes called the Qoholeth (Preacher/Teacher) because of his supposed authorship of Ecclesiastes; a book of the Bible in the Old Testament. He wrote Proverbs and several Psalms. But, he might not be.
I believe I answered it multiple times, I just didn't take the time out to answer to every single "Can God microwave a burrito so hot that he himself can't it eat" question. ;)  That question is logically impossible. God CANNOT do the impossible. Your answer is "No".  In fact, I see that you had the very answer in the part you quoted. So, what was the problem?
would you agree that IF turning a stick of chalk into a car was illogical, then not even God could do it?  Dear Unkerpaulie, I do not think that I am over-exaggerating when I say that I have answered this exact question many times. You provided many examples, and for all of them, I have told you that is something is impossible, then it cannot be done; even by God.   Why not get to the nitty-gritty?   Good question. ;)
unkerpaulie,  I don't think that you should be so hasty as to reach such a conclusion. I have clarified your point multiple times, while we have mild intervals of questioning what is possible. The Supreme Being has Necessary Existence. Surpsingly, from the simple definition of SB we can learn a lot about it. Like I said, I told you that we can derive its attributes from its very own modifying qualifier.  The definition for Supreme Being is God. You are suggesting a bunch of contradictions throughout your post. The most glaringly obvious being the fact that you say "this does not necessarily demonstrate that God exists" while, I assume that you accept that the proof is sound.   the only qualifying characteristic of a supreme being is that it is superlative in greatness to all other beings.  Yes. So there is no more powerful, no more wise, no pre-existing being, thing or anything at all before it. This isn't getting anywhere....
nothingness, Do you know who Mr. King Soloman is, and who his god is? Can you tell me? I couldn't find him on the net.  So, is it safe to say you live in a state of blissful ignorance? Sandy   Well dreamweaver was right abouts King solomon, the guy who wrote the book of Ecclesiastes, if you cant find Him on the net try the Bible, He also wrote Psalms,   Now to say that I live in a state of blissful ignorance is begining to sound like two kids saying to each other, "Tis To" "Tis Not" "Tis To" "Tis Not" so even though I speak without speaking, and live without living If I could know what a grain of sand is made of, and then I ask that question an infinite amount of times until I am no longer capable, the question is "And whats that?" I could possibly began to say that I know what ignorance means, but for the sake of this human form of communication were we produce sounds and turn them into forms of patterns on this computer screen, like everything else in life I will PRETEND I understand the meaning of words, but that is all I am doing, Pretending, lets pose a scenario, suppose I go and visit a total stranger or a friend for that matter, and this person happens to a small child maybe around 5 years old, as I am talking to this child another person (who is like a lion when he is hungry or for whatever reason kills his prey, Deer, elephant, Giraffe, Human, whatever) threatens the life of the child by pointing a pistol with only one bullet in the barrel in his direction for whatever reason maybe his crazy or something, This person fires the shot to kill and I use my body as a shield to take the bullet and give my life for the kid, a good deed, I say yes, now lets continue the journey of life for the kid, he lived I died, he grows up and gets married has kids, you know the norm, this cycle of life continues, perhaps before I died In my heart I accepted Jesus Christ as my saviour, and upon my judgement day I am allowed to enter heaven for eternity, now the Kid perhaps he turned out to be an atheist and burns in the fire that can never be put out, or perhaps he was also saved an admitted into eternal glory, A person may live forever or may burn for-ever...... then this brain that a God created will ask "Then What" or "So What" and if that notion or concept is erased from my head then everything I know, which is really nothing won't matter for that matter, So lets say that all of a sudden doctors find a cure for many diseased and illness that kill millions every year, and now the world is a better place to live in, "Then What" "So What" all can be 2 sided, maybe there will be World Peace, or maybe there will be Nuclear Holocaust, it may be up to man/woman or maybe up to God, or maybe neither, after the peace, or after the bomb, "Then What" "So What" what is really ignorant is the thought that puny little humans think that they can change even a grain of sand in the universe and think they know things and pretend or act like they are important or special ooohhhhh, theres nothing here, everything is Useless and Meaningless, "Then what" and "So what" = Infinity...... thats why I have no understanding of anything, and have no clue as to what I just wrote, trying to read it to myself is like a bird sitting on an opened school history book and looking at the writting, as much as the bird understands I understand, but I think the bird knows more than I, so I will continue to pretend that when I am tired I rest, when I am hungry I eat, I move my bowels and pass water and at the same time I pretend I enjoy this God given life, because it is the best I know and I find great happiness in both the hapinness and the sad and also find sadness in the both the sadness and the hapiness,   This is normally the part were I would think of a quote to write and close this useless writting with but the only thing I can think of at this moment is laughter followed by silence.
I'd be interested in hearing about what you mean by "in the classical sense". The Supreme Being can never be destroyed; it defines reality.
the supreme being is the greatest being possible, also defined as the being greater than any other being. where in this definition does it imply that this being is immortal, omnipotent, omniscient, invisible, etc, or any other attribute traditionally ascribed to God? I've mentioned this countless times. You must remember that the scope of which this argument is in, modality, refers to one thing only - existence. It determines that there is a Supreme Being that exists in actuality. How is the being immortal? Simple. A mortal being is contingent; it can change and it is subject to death. The Supreme Being is non-contingent. I really don't even know what you mean by invisible here. The Being obviously cannot be bound or restricted by space-time - the being is timeless. Hence, no change and other things as such....   Everything that is in existence, is contingent on the Supreme Being. If the being were to go, it would ALL go. It defines the very reality, and all existence is a subset of it.
ow did you come upon the conclusion that everything else in existence is contingent on the "greatest posible being/supreme being"? I've said this in my last post, and the post before that. The being defines reality. It is the Supreme Being, the Necessary Existence - everything else is contingent upon it for survival, while the Supreme Being is, ipso facto, contingent on nothing.
as far as this being defining reality, contingent on nothing, and having all other existence contingent upon its existence, I dont see how the modal argument or the premises and definitions imply this Just what is it that you cannot understand? I've said it in the last three posts.... Do you follow my last post? Maybe we can work from there.
hmmm... the mere fact that you recognise that this whole life is nothing more than a complex game of 'pretend' shows that you are not at all blissfully ignorant but more like dispairingly aware. is the pursuit of the truth worth the depression that results when we become aware of reality? or is it better to be blissfully ignorant and shrouded in self-delusion in order to be happy within. after all, whether we lie to ourselves and remain gleefully deluded, or we find the truth and become morbidly aware of reality, the question "then what" "so what" still remains.   is there a deeper instinct of curiousity in humans that pervades species preservation so that we can never be satisfied until we find the ultimate answer? the quest for truth is probably the biggest factor that differentiates humans from the rest of the animal kingdom. yet the more truth we discover, the more questions arise, not enough to cause us to give up the quest, but just enough to fuel the curiousity. as long is more questions than answers exist, man will have something to collectively keep him occupied. God forbid the day we have all the answers to all the questions. so what? then what?  Silence is Golden,  one of the best things in life that I enjoy the most is my opinion that universal reality exist despite any-ones thoughts, feelings, ideas, emotions, believes, actions, love or hate ect........Sometimes in my useless mind I picture the earth without myself, or certain people, or any type of life, I guess kinda like the way we imagine perhaps pluto or mars, lifeless barren planets only in mind perception, nothing changes, and at the same time it does, but to me its changeless-change. The day we have all the answers should be the day we can no longer ask the question, this perception or life we live is perfect in every single way, wether good or bad, or whatever, it is ALL-PERFECTLY-RIGHT, because everything was created by God and to me God is perfect, if God wasn't perfect then God couln't be God, So the Good and the Bad or neutral or the nothing or everything All came from God, Sweet Perfection,  Aside from all the sense of non-sense, The human which can be classifed as the laughing animal brings this quote to mind, "in a humerous way" whenever any-one reads from this writting and from then after always remember one thing and ya will be all-right,   "Everybody's a !****! Expert"      So what? Then what? LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sincere apologies for this late reply; I didn't receive an email to tell me there was one. you equate this "greatest being possible" with an omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, immortal God Would you care to show me where I have mentioned this?  As for the rest of your post, I think it tries to refer to the apparent difference between Supreme Being and greatest possible being. So, I'll address that quickly. The being that has necessary existence, by definition, can be contingent on nothing. There can be no greater existence than existence in all possible worlds; that follows from both the earlier provided Euclidean relationship, as well as general logic and common sense. So, now we are assured that the greatest possible being, the Supreme Being, exists in all possible worlds. It has necessary existence. Therefore, it is contingent on nothing and everything is contingent upon its existence. That is, if the being were to "go", then it would ALL go. Hence, it follows that the being defines the very reality.  As you have rightly said, it is superlative to all other beings, but it also follows that all beings are contingent upon it. They are not mutually exclusive. I hope I've shed some light here; any problems, of course, just add in a reply. ;)
Well, my God is the God of the Bible. Others may disagree with that, but that is who I believe in. The Bible clearly defines God as the uncreated (i.e. eternal) creator of the universe, and what applies within the universe need not apply to God. So God does not have a "beginning" in time and hence, He is eternal. As for where He came from, the Bible is very clear that He resides in Heaven, but as to where that is, I am unsure. It will however be revealed to us at the end of our lives (if the Bible is true, which I am convinced that it is).
I agree with Sandycane.She is certain and believes.I am no great philosopher nor do I use bombastic words of experts.What I personally believe is that God is Omnipresent and he made each of us no matter race nor religion, for a certain purpose in our existance.All our lives have already been plotted out before we are a being in the material world. I believe that through our journey in life,there is a certain purpose we have to perform,and yet,there are forks and u-turns that He has given us as options.God has always and forever existed. I do NOT know where God comes from, but I know that there is a God.He is in the very least,deep within our souls.As it has been said,without God,there will be no meaning in life.It is sad that there are people that believe that we are born,then die and rot,the end. How very sad.There will be chaos if everybody believes that.Without God, people would not have a conscience of being responsible for the actions that they take.They would not think of the conseqwences of what they do.In times of ill-misfortune,there will not be any solace or comfort without God.Bad things happen because certain people choose to go to that path.Or maybe the is a reason for why we are fighting each other throughout the world.I have not all the answers and I am always searching with a deep conviction of my existance.I do not know what God has for me in my future, but as for now, I do no harm to my fellow human beings,travel the globe,make good friends,have the usual girly fun and when I narrowly escape some disaster, I thank God.This is what I know for this moment in my 22 years of life.I mean to be open minded to the pros and cons of the existance of God, and mull over it.Then I sort it out logically in my own noodle.I have still a lot to learn, and do not pretend to know a lot about God, but for the certainty of what I already believe in and am convinced of.All I am absolutely certain of is, God DOES exists.         Well, I was hoping someone else would go first...  Let me introduce you to the God I believe in. God is:  One  Truth  Light Love Infinite All Knowing Everywhere All powerful Unequaled Perfect A Most Pure Spirit Invisible Without limit Eternal Incomprehensible The Almighty One Most Wise Most Holy Most Free Most Absolute Most Loving Gracious Merciful Long-suffering Forgiving Just in all His judgements The Creator The Sheperd  God does not have a human body God does not change  God works according to His will God receives glory God abounds in goodness God rewards those who seek Him  God hates sin (copied from www.carm.org)  God has no begining or end. He always was.  God created us so that He could love us. 1 Jonh 4.8, "He that loveth not knoweth not God; for God is love."  Sandy emoticon_xagree emoticon_xagree
Dear Sandycane, Thanks for your interest, and your birthday greeting.I suppose you want to know a little bit more about me. Well, to me all are equal in God?s eyes. I come from a hotchpotch of different races and religions.Yet,when it comes to re-union time, we are just one very huge family.Even if we have to communicate with gestures,we are happy,like God meant. I am an only child.I am 24,of Arab, French,Siamese,Kazakh and God knows what.But I get to travel the world with friends that I have known since birth.Right now,I do not work as per say.We do goof like all 24 year old girls.Being rich,and coming from a long line of rich descendents does have it?s up and downs.We do charity work.I personally have gone to Ethiopia, Suweto,and Liberia.I play with the children, tell them stories and try to teach them the alphabets in what little time I am allowed.These are the times that I need God most.It is discouraging to see children disfigured for the rest of their lives because of what path someone has chosen to take.The innocents get the brunt of all this decisions.I can?t describe how much I have cried alone,It makes me feel so GUILTY!Why are children and babies without limbs,what of their future?Why is this happening?What made those responsible,choose this path.I have taught child prostitutes in Thailand as young as 10 years old.Sometimes,I?m suicidal,but than I was put here on earth by God for a purpose.I have my part to play,but WHAT?I am no Mother Theresa,not event close.I know I cannot dedicate my life to them permanently Perhaps I am not emotionally strong enough,maybe I?m too spoilt and selfish.Shamefull to say.Sometimes I wish that I was back diving in the Great Barrier Reef or of the coast of San Diego.Skiing in Banff or surfing in Mauii.Then I feel as low as a worm?s belly. But when it is chill out time, it?s back to Cappuccinos in the sidewalk of gay Paris, shopping in Neimen Marcus,Rodeo Drive,Knightsbridge or Harvey NicholsThen I feel on top of the world again.Please don?t think too badly of me,honestly speaking I enjoy goofing around, surfing,skiing,sky diving or whatsoever.When you really care,it hurts when you turn up at the pick-up points of these missions and you hear people say?Oh!Look!Here comes the rich brats to redeem their wealthy lifestyle,to balance their conscience?.Because deep inside, maybe I think they are right.Then I think NO! I was put here by God for a purpose,and I have a part to play in His All Knowing Plan. But what part do I play, Sandycane? I really don?t know. I really cannot devote myself to those helpless people like Mother Theresa.I have to be brutally honest to say that I do enjoy the good life.Shamefull as it is.I truly do not know what God wants.Thus,I travel the globe, laughing, crying,enjoying myself to the fullest yet feeling like a heel.So I continue to seek,meet people, listen to their perspective in life and all the time, trying to figure out what I am REALLY supposed to do to serve God.I have not done nearly enough,I know, and am still attached materially.Some part of me is missing, and I?m trying to find it, I read books, do research and join forums like this.Next week I?m going to Irag,if permitted,to do what I can to help.Why must these people be bombed and shot at? The innocent who knows noting about politics, except from where their next meal will come from.Why must so many young, brave soldiers die in a foreign land only to be brought home in a box to a devastated, grieving family?What is God planning Sandycane?I am not all-knowing like Him.I haven?t a clue.But I have learned much from you and another person known as DarKnight.I am still,searching,with God?s Blessings,I really,really hope.Everywhere I go the first question that people asked me is ?What are you??because of my mixed heritage look,which I am very proud off.Although to some that equals a mongrel.That?s my mixed up life,Sandycanes, but it?s my life and life is too short to party away,nor to be suicidal.I pretty much take what I feel I should or should not do,but I have yet to find my purpose in life according to God?s plan. Where do I fit in,Sandycane,why am I here? Why am I rich? Why do I enjoy it yet sometimes I feel guilty.What about you Sandycane?I would love to hear from you if you haven?t already thought of me too badly. Life is too short?answers are not forthcoming.Feeling like this is because GOD EXISTS More Power To You  Loads of love Angelface  Angelface, Happy belated birthday! emoticon_hb   There are three things I am certain of, 1) God exists as the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. 2) Jesus is the Savior to all who believe in Him. 3) The bible is the inerrant Word of God.  Pretty much everything else is debatable :)   I read your profile and can't help but wonder what your life must be like. Alot different from mine, I can tell you that! I don't have a job right now, and am able to spend alot (all) of my time studying the bible. I have faith that God will supply all my needs, and He has. I wonder if I would be different if I had alot of money, for the better, or worse?  This might be a good topic for debate!  Anyway, nice to meet you! Sandy emoticon_emb emoticon_love emoticon_xgood
Dear Sandycane, You truly are amazing! You have such a simple approach to the meaning of life and God's existance.Yet so complex in explaining the why and therefores.Truthfully, you are about the only person in this forum that makes any sense to me, with all due respect to my other debators.The thing is,I am the problem,not you guys or gals out there.Putting it simply, I Do believe that God exists,and it was Him that created everything in this Universe and others of which we do not know.I don't understand the hullabaloo in the other debators,and frankly,UNKERPAULIE and DREAMWEAVER scares the skin out of me.Instead of trying to find out the existence of God and where He came from,all I got in my head was a huge jumble of bombastic words and Einstein-like equations.See, I don?t get it.I am not a philosopher nor a scholar of religion.For God?s sake I graduated in the London University in the field of archaeology!I got all confused and lost focus on the topic and the reason why I?m here in the beginning.I thought if I had another?s views on this topic, it may help me do what is right in my time on Earth.Ssorry?..Only SANDYCANE made any real sense by being unpretentious and made some things clearer for me.I think,Through her, I had a bit more conviction that I am heading at least as near as possible to where I am supposed to go and to what I am suppose to do.Honestly,it?s as simple as that and Sandycane made sense without coming through like a ultra-scientist figuring out the origin of the universe. To simple-minded me, if there is no God then there will be nothing.Zilcth!He created you and me, the skies and seas,the plants and animals, and everything imaginable that you can think of.Even as simple an object as a pencil.First,there should be a man, who got tired of writing letters with dipping his feather into and ink pot every so often,then,he couldn?t correct any mistakes that he wrote so he sat down and thought,and PRESTO!There was the pencil, that came from a brain, that belonged to a man, who was created by God,who made the pencil from the wood of the tree that God created, and charcoal that God has also,Blessed us with.The End.What is more important to me personally, is HOW, I can serve Him.What is the purpose of my being, and your being?So through it all, we try our best to make the world a better place,like God intended,before greedy, corrupted evil minds,went and spoiled the whole thing.Now to put this back as it was suppose to be is next to impossible,but not unachievable?if we ALL do our part and not stray.Believe you me,I?m no preacher, far from it, but it seems especially now,God must be part of you,somewhere deep inside the soul of even the vilest of men.What is the point in proving that God does NOT exists,so that mankind can get the credit of creation?So that we originated from some amoeba from the sea?Or descendents of apes?Do you REALLY belief that?Geezz?I even believe in Angels,much less Jesus and God!I?m just not very sure that what I?m doing is what I am suppose to be doing.I?m afraid that what I should be doing,like devoting my life to the despondent is my mission, and as I have said before,I?m so not ready and capable of doing.I?m sorry I?m shallow.I give and work like a girl possesed,then spend and have fun like there is no tomorrow.Shamefully, I still enjoy ice-cream and watching cartoons like SpongeBob an Angry Beavers!But after communicating with Sandycane, I am a bit more confident in what I am doing.Sandycane,others, if there is something simple that you could explain to me to help me through my life,I would be ever SO greatfull.In turn, I could comfort others with more conviction in their time of need.Thank You Sandycane.I am now searching deeper on Jesus,and if you could tell me how you are so serene and sure of your existence,please,could you, would you share?I will be so ever grateful to even think that what little that I have done,counts for something.I still am and I think forever think if I have done right by God,in all my ignorance and cowardice and guilt with my lifestyle.This is now,so make the best of what you are able and let not the blind lead the blind. I ?m so afraid that I am one of the blind, so I look to the wisdom of all in this forum, especially SANDYCANE (boyaahh!)to please,provide me with a seeing stick,so I will not be in danger of dragging a whole bunch of blind people,over the edge,like a lemming leader.I am here to learn,so,please,TEACH ME Sandycane and everyone else who is kind enough,and patient enough to,but simplify it for my noodles to catch on and don?t be the Bogeyman and scare the living daylights out of simple-minded me.Thank You for reading my rantings,but I just want to get it right and pass it on to anyone who will care a hoot, especially the future generation.I don?t pretend to be a goody two shoes, but,this really bugs me.I feel like someone without a shadow,at times,and boy,is it SCARY??so??. May all your clouds be golden and all your days bright! Sweeeeeet?..Boyaahh and may your waves be gnarly!  Loads of love emoticon_frazzled emoticon_rolleyes  Angelface      Angelface, Thank you for your beautiful, and honest reply emoticon_cry  I considered replying in a personal message, but, I think the conversation fits pretty well with the topic, don't you?  I'm not sure where to start. I think first, I'd like to say that there is absolutely nothing wrong with being "rich". Money is not evil, it is the worship of money that is. There are alot of people who covet what others have, and are jealous of them. This is a sin against God. He has blessed you with financial security (at the moment ;) ) and the desire to help others, which you obviously do. One person cannot change the world.  God has a plan for everyone, "even the wicked". I think that God allows suffering so that others can help. One of my favorite sayings is, "What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger." We are given hardships to test our faith, and make us stronger.  Only a suggestion, but, maybe the thing that is missing in your life is a relationship with Jesus? I know from personal experience, I had the same "symptoms" you have now, and He was the cure. :p   Anyway, you sound like a well balanced person, and I look forward to your reply.  Sandy emoticon_xangel
What a strange question: Where does God come from? God is not from around here. Here we ask strange questions that demonstrate a lack of faith. After studying the Bible for many years this is a question that has never crossed my mind.   Too deep for me, I'm heading to the shallow end while I still can. emoticon_xclown   But this does remind me of a joke. What do you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Unitarian? Someone who goes around knocking on doors saying nothing in particular.
Re: Angelface has flown away. SORRY  Dear SANDYCANE and everyone at this forum ANGELFACE has flown off to a Mercy Mission Flight. She connot be contacted at this moment.She will get back to you after she is, Good willing, back safely. We all shall miss her a whole lot,meanwhile, she dedicates "Michael Learns To Rock" the song "Take Me To Your Heart" to all and wishes all golden clouds and may all your wishes turn to reality and her famous "Sweeet.....Boyahhhh!!" Replying on behalf of Angelface Felippe emoticon_cry emoticon_cry
Good post, billsco.  Concerned? I can&#8217;t conceive any way that atheism can concern me or my environment. I personally know several that contribute to the community in positive ways just as much or more so than those that believe in God.  I do feel concerned for them, though. My belief system carries me beyond the physical and into the spiritual, which forces me (spiritually) to grieve for them. I am not a religious nut insofar as religion is concerned, but am towards Christ. I have no methods, no rituals, or scheming routines so I am free to express my belief with compassion. Nuff said on that.  If a person is &#8220;good&#8221;, he or she is acceptable, if not they are a menace to society. Religionists are not good people, whether they are so-called Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, etc.  If I worship the Truck God and treat people with respect, show love, honor and am trustworthy, then my faith in my Truck God is irrelevant. When I love my wife and kids with all my heart and provide for them the best I can, when I participate in social functions, help feed the poor, take care of the elderly, it makes no difference if there is a god, I am not a threat.  Of course, if I am a religionist, and my livelihood depends on how many people believe in God, then I could count all atheists as enemies. Heck, I might start a petition around my neighborhood to prevent those kinds of people from buying homes here. I would have a reason to discriminate, right? Yea &#8211; right.  Again, good post. Am anxious to see the replies.
Are you going so far as to condemn organized religion? If so, care to put a name to it, like say Southern Baptists, or Evangelical Lutherans? How far out on that limb are you willing to go?   regards Is it time to go fishing? Let's wet a hook. :p   I don't see one religion taking the blame, nor can I point out those that completely fall away from the Truth. This church here may follow the true teaching, while that one over yonder under the same denomination, are far out into left field. For example: I visited a Pentecostal church that the preacher (egotistical I might add) said that it was a sin to dip snuff, and the people agreed with him with a big AMEN, yet I saw him drink 3 cups of coffee before service. Another Pentecostal church, another preacher, another set of believers, says something different.  A Baptist minister preaches about markings on the body (tattoos), but allows the women of his congregation, including his dear wife, to get boob jobs.  I could go on and on.  Are there any two-faced atheists? :p emoticon_xangel
Well as a die-hard atheist, I'm obviously coming down on the benificial side. But not just because I believe in it myself, but because I believe that society is strongest through diversity, to place the blame at a specific religion is wrong. They all have potential for benifit and destruction.  Look at post #2 here. The actual question didn't actually involved atheists being threats in any way. It basically stated that people believe atheists are part of the least typical American religion. The Christian majority can essentially relate better with Islams who are part of a real religion than they can with atheists who are not religious. That is all this poll shows.  I am also with you as far as religious diversity goes. It is good to have a diverse base of religions here. None are more destructive or better than the others as far as I can tell.
Let me play devil's advocate and argue against religious diversity. In my view, a very important role of religion is to give people certainty about the meaning of life and also for the rules of right and wrong behavior. Religious heterogeneity subverts the authority, the persuasiveness, and positive influence of these beliefs, so they no longer do as well what they are intended to do; they no longer do what people need them to do. Beliefs becomes mushy, tepid, tentative, and somewhat arbitrary as people adjust them in order to get along with everyone else. And people frankly begin to adopt illogical beliefs like that all paths lead to God. I was raised in a religion which taught that if you were not a faithful member, you do not go to heaven. There are other religions that teach the same thing, so all these people in a religiously diverse society like the U.S. are saying all paths lead to Heaven, but how can the exclusive religions all be right?   On the other hand, I will concede that religious diversity tends to soften religions, and sometimes they need that. For example, from what I see, Muslims born and raised in the U.S. tend to have a more moderate, healthy oritentation than a Muslim raised in an exclusively Muslim country. So I guess my advocacy as a devil is not a particularly aggressive one.
I think atheism is no better for society than any one or the other of the organized religious groups. The world is full of people trying to get others to think like they do, to join their group, to identify as one of them.  An atheist questioning a Christian's belief is no different than proselyting by way of an evangelical membership drive.  To me, it is a sign of weakness and insecurity that you cannot leave others alone in their religious beliefs. I don't really care what you worship or that you worship nothing as long as you leave me alone. I'm not out to save your soul.
I agree with you to the exact degree that it shows weakness and insecurity to discuss political ideas to those of other persuasions. Since I believe in total separation of church and state, I cannot carry the argument of peaceful coexistence into politics. Weak political parties lose control.  There is merit in trying to persuade one's political foes to switch sides, but there is no need to mess with their inconsequential religious views.  What you believe about God doesn't affect me. What you believe about how the country should be run does.
Makes me wonder what you're doing in a religious forum with such open contempt of a subject as that.  I have no contempt for the subject. I simply do not care what you believe as long as it doesn't affect politics. Whether or not you believe in any or all gods has no bearing on my daily life.  How do you translate that to contempt?
Hi jim's trucking,  Religious discussion is a passion of mine, as I can see political discussion is to you. if I were to insert into one of your threads that in my opinion "inconsequential political views" were being discussed here, would you accept the statement or would your blood pressure begin to rise as mine is? I happily discuss my differences with my friends on the opposite side of the fence all day and never have to deal with condescension from them. I feel that was your intent.  If you think religious views have no bearing on modern political thought, I will be happy to disabuse you of that notion.  regards  Political views are not inconsequential.  As I stated, I believe in total separation of church and state. It is true that religion has and always will affect politics. It's just that I think it should not do so. Therefore, I can separate discussions of religion from those of politics by saying that I truly do not care whether one worships or not, as long as it doesn't affect my daily life.  If your political views are determined by your religion, I will still argue against your political views, but not against your religion. I also would argue that you should try to divorce the two.  There are certain things that I believe are absolutely silly about some religions, but I choose not to point them out.  It took us a long time to elect a Catholic president for fear that the Vatican would then control our political posture. However, JFK turned out to do us well.
I happily discuss my differences with my friends on the opposite side of the fence all day and never have to deal with condescension from them. I feel that was your intent.    You inferred wrongly. I simply have a non-confrontational approach to religious differences. That does not mean that I condescend to others having at it. I have more pleasing things to do.  I do enjoy reading religious views. I may sometimes express mine, but hardly ever try to argue that mine should be preferred by someone else.
I haven't read all of the postings but I would disagree with Billsco. It is not religion that is the weight around our neck, nor is it atheism.  It is religious hypocrisy.  It is people who claim christianity and then subscribe to the worst the world has to offer. Perhaps a better statement is simply, human nature.  People are the greatest threat. Anyone who can look at history and actually say that the basic human nature is "Good" is lying to themselves about history.  Hitler was a particulary good student of human nature. It is why he was so successful.   There are many christians who are very sincere and live life in dependence on a loving God. In this we find hope. There is no hope with atheism (by definition mind you). That does not make it the greatest threat, simply not the answer to the greatest threat.
As an atheist I will give religion the benefit of the doubt and so I voted neutral. I have long felt that a "moral" atheist is the more "evolved" being. Can't see how that could offend someone who believes not in evolution.  To sinjin: Since you are an atheist, are you not also being religious? See, a religion is really just a set of beliefs. We must take the fact that God exists by faith, and you to must also take the fact that God doesn't exist by blind faith. That is how I see it. You also mentioned another thing about moral atheists being the more evolved things. My question is, why should rearranged molecules care for anything else, or why should they believe in the issues like justice? I personally just can't make any sense of why this would happen.
I agree. Both wings should be strong and powerful in order to fly. But religion, IMO, is the weight around the neck that keeps us from soaring.  To billsco: Need I remind you that it was the Bible believing scientists, such as Newton for example, who really made science take off in Europe. It is not the religious who try to limit knowledge or prevent us from "soaring" as you state, I don't think that there is any such person who wants to prevent scientific knowledge.
  ...The simple fact that there is no physical evidence of his existance is pretty good proof that he doesn't exist. ...  Waxy  Logic error alert.  This is common logic error number 70253AM-3xd4m, commonly made when attempting to deny the existence of the unknown.
You're on a logic tear jim, so please, enlighten me.   Keep in mind, I also posted this that you didn't quote.    Waxy  Lack of physical evidence of the existence of something does not prove its non-existence. All it means is that you lack physical evidence. The evidence could be just around the corner or it could be hidden under a blanket you have yet to lift out of the way.  If your statement were true, it would make no sense for a detective to look for physical evidence of a murder as his current lack of possession of the evidence "proves the murder did not happen".  Whether or not something exists does not depend on your finding the evidence of its existence.  I'm not examining your posts for errors. That one just hit me in the face.  What "available evidence" do you have that God does not exist?
your kidding right? First your analogy of the murder without evidence has confused me... wouldn't the evidence be the dead body hence murder?  and as far as proving God's existence is like proving aliens exist.... There is nothing tangible to say he does exist except for faith....and that is not solid proof.... I could easily equate that to Jim Jones telling me God exists  dead body=murder? Here we go again.  I can't cite the case, but I know of one that proceeded without the body.
IMHO, we're (well you're) getting into technical semantics  here, rather than dealing with reality. Ultimately of course you are correct, but what's your point? I clearly stated that I can't prove a negative.     HOWEVER, is something more or less believable with or without physical evidence? If you have searched, as mankind has for thousands of years, for any proof of physical existance and found none, that, to me, is more compelling evidence that something doesn't exist than the word of someone that says it does. Not 100% proof, but strong evidence nonetheless.  As for your murder analogy, a person is dead, what other evidence of a murder do you want? It wouldn't be a murder investigation if someone wasn't dead, it would be a missing person's investigation.  I feel there's plenty of evidence to refute the validity of the Bible, the only "proof" that God exists, we won't get into that in this thread. There always the pie in the sky who, what, where, and when stuff too.  My personality dictates that I need some kind of proof or evidence before I believe in something, I'm a skeptic. I think that's inherent in most people with a scientific background. Nothing is taken to exist or be a fact until it can be physically proven in a repeatable experiment.  For those that are believers, they choose to accept something until someone proves otherwise. They dont' require proof, only faith.  Just two sides of the coin I guess, but to me, only one makes sense.  Waxy  Technical semantics is where it's at. You're glazing over logic with some claims that you don't substantiate.  You said:   Of course I can never prove a negative, but the available evidence provides me with much more than blind faith upon which to base the decision that he doesn't exist.    I asked:   What "available evidence" do you have that God does not exist?   What is your answer?   IMHO, we're (well you're) getting into technical semantics here, rather than dealing with reality.   So what is the reality of this situation?
  So, what's your point again?  Waxy  Simply to point out your error in logic and your inability to expose "available evidence" that God does not exist. You shot with a half-cocked gun.  We have drifted away from the thread topic, the worth of Atheism. I think Atheists are amusing, therefore nice to have around.
Fortunately, yours wasn't loaded either. ;)   I chose not to "expose" any evidence in this thread. Go to one to the thousand of threads here on Biblical inconsistenties, evolution, Noah, or any one of the other arguments that are commonplace. Why rehash that stuff here? Personally, I'm sick of, I've been down the road way too many times already.   Why do you think atheists are amusing? Is it smug righteuosness, or do we just tell better jokes?   Waxy  Disestablishment of proof that God exists is not the same as establishment of proof that God does not exist. You said you had "available evidence" that God does not exist. I am interested in seeing it.  It is amusing that you evade the issue.
I think jimstrucking is right on this one. THere is no proof that god does not exist. The evidence could be seen to point both ways, depending on how much faith you have.  I voted neither/no opinion. I can see some definate downsides to a cuture heavil reliant on religion, particularly the christian religion (and yes, I am a christian). It is a great religion if you want to control people and keep the masses in poverty. It's unsefulness in this department was recognised fairly early on by the romans. IF I was the king of the world, I would DEFINATLY ant my people to be christians and to be taught things like "give to ceasar what is ceasars" and "It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kindom of heaven"  On the other hand, my personal experience has been that religious types are much easier to deal with, treat people more fairly and are more likely to do what is right simply for the fact that it is right. I think this comes from the teachings of most religion that god is watching, no matter how well you think you have coverd your misdeeds, and there will be an accouting. I also find that religious people have a better defined set of morals than athiests. I think this is because they have made a conscious decision to follow their god, whoever it may be, and for the most part the gods that people worship today are nice guy gods who want people to be nice to each other and honest and live a good life. It is true that people have used religion to justify a lot of evil, but lets not throw the baby out with the bath water.
I don't know why I continue to reply to this, so I'll just give it one more.  I see what you're saying jim, in fact, I think I've even agreed with the hairs your splitting regarding the logic.   When dealing with an intangible item, the only available means to disprove it is to attack that which supports a belief in it, ie the Bible. If the Bible can be disproven, it may not prove God doesn't exist, but it sure eliminates any "evidence" that he does, or any reason for the belief that he does.   Turns out it was the smug righteousness. I suspected as much, but I hoped it was my joke telling.  Waxy  You do have a sense of humor and I'm not being smug.  When it comes to logic, you should ALWAYS split hairs.  I won't attack the above quote because like you, I've had enough for one day.  Just remember:  Ayn Rand Says...  Existence exists - and the act of grasping that statement implies two corollary axioms: that something exists which one perceives and that one exists possessing consciousness, consciousness being the faculty of perceiving that which exists.  If nothing exists, there can be no consciousness: a consciousness with nothing to be conscious of is a contradiction in terms. A consciousness conscious of nothing but itself is a contradiction in terms: before it could identify itself as consciousness, it had to be conscious of something.   If that which you claim to perceive does not exist, what you possess is not consciousness.  -- Ayn Rand, "Galt's Speech," Atlas Shrugged     Do you remember what Ayn Rand said on her death bed?  emoticon_xbye
I think the Born again Chisitains are more of a threat than Athiest are. (IMHO)
I think the Born again Chisitains are more of a threat than Athiest are. (IMHO)  Get the heck off me, sglaine! Surely, you jest?
Get the heck off me, sglaine! Surely, you jest? Haa Haa Just kidding.
Hi epaphras faith,  We have the religious camp and the non-religious camp, as we can agree from your above statement. In which camp does religious hypocrisy live in?  regards  While it may look like only the religious camp, I would say both. Even atheists engage in a kind of religious hypocrisy. The basic tenents subscribe to a philosophy of religion that leads one naturally to hypocrisy. It is impossible to say, I believe in nothing. Even that is a statement of belief. Atheism, philosophically speaking, is without logical merit. At least most religious stuff SAYS it is "based on belief". Atheism says it is based on NON BELIEF which is impossible. One simply must believe in some things. We are finite in our perceptions and must believe in things in order to function. It is the nature of human nature.
It isn't just a rejection of a christian god, but any god. Hence a-theism.  Personally I believe atheism should be considered a religion, it is in the end a set of beliefs like any other. Atheism has no boundary's how in the heck can you call it a religion? Please explain further.
Nor has the infallible Pope issued any encyclical that I'm aware of where he states, "In my humble opinion, priests should remain celibate". You are misrepresenting the nature of the infallibility of the Pope here. Maximus posted a link with a good description of the nature of the infallibility of the Pope. You'll find it here, along with some discussion on the topic:  http://4forums.com/political/showthread.php?p=42221#post42221
Wow, nice job if you can get it. "And so you peasants, in conclusion I hereby pronounce that I thought I was wrong once, but I was mistaken. But as you can see, I couldn't be mistaken either because..." Again, you are misrepresenting the concept and taking it out of context. The infallibility of the Pope is in reference to when he proclaims by a definitive act some doctrine of faith or morals. It does not mean that the Pope is free from all error, or free from the possibility of error. It means that the Pope is free from the possibility of error when proclaiming doctrine of faith or morals.   There has never been an infallible proclamation that has been revoked. If there were, it would be proof that the concept of papal infallibility is in error.
How could there be a revocation if it's limited to faith and morals and the sitting pope must be the one to break the news? Of course the pope in the late 19th century, when this doctrine came into being, intended infallibility to include all areas of human concern but had already been shown to be wrong in science for one. He wished to shut the mouths of kings and critics forever with one proclamation. The mistake was making it retroactive to the first pope and there are a number of bone-headed mistakes along the way I believe. The concept of papal infallibility did not 'come into being' in the late 19th century, though that's perhaps when it was formalized.  As you are discussing the topic, it is clear that you do not have an understanding of what papal infallibility means. It has nothing to do with the trial of Galileo or any of the bone-headed mistakes of individuals who served as Pope. It doesn't even have anything to do with things like the Roman Catholic Church's position regarding the gender of priests. If you have any desire to better understand that which you are arguing against, you may wish to do a bit more research.  Looking at the situation from the viewpoint of a faithful member of the Roman Catholic Church, papal infallibility makes perfect sense. Assuming a God exists, and assuming that Jesus died for our sins and started a church on earth, and assuming that Jesus promised He would never allow the Church to stray (as indicated by scripture), then papal infallibility is one way Jesus keeps this promise. From a different perspective outside of the RCC, papal infallibility really has no impact on anyone, because only if you believe in the first place does papal infallibility have any impact.
I don't quite see your point, how do you mean boundaries? What do boundaries have to do with something being a religion?  I consider Atheism to be a belief as to the nature of god (specifically that his nature is as a fictitious entity). Now it is not an organised religion in this, but that does not mean that it cannot be considered one. What it means is that it has no boundary's because they do not believe in religion they don't want religion just because now some fruity yuppies decide that Atheism should be a religion I disagree with that concept.
Papal infallibility became official Catholic dogma in 1870, quite late. The idea was around previous. So? Was that period then non-papal infallibility? Papal infallibility has been around since Peter was designated as the first Pope by Jesus. It just wasn't official dogma spelled out as such until relatively recently.  And you may wish to broaden yours if you're interested in pursuing truth wherever it leads. Truth is truth. Whatever is, is. Nothing your or I believe will change that. I accept whatever truth is.   You may be confusing the position for which I am arguing with what I believe personally.  I'm sorry I don't understand where you're coming from.  Papal infallibility deals with moral truths as defined by the Roman Catholic Church. If a person does not even believe in the Christian God, then papal infallibility will only have an impact on them if they allow it to. What does it matter to an atheist that the Catholic Church professes that Mary was assumed into heaven, body and soul?
Atheism is a belief, just like any other? Just because it doesn't have scripture/a church/dogma should that somehow make an Atheists belief less valid? Should they not have equal protection under the law?  I am still confused as to your exact meaning of 'boundaries'. Atheism is not a belief I repete not a belief. next you will probably call a apple a peach.
Of course atheism is a belief, who could possibly ever call it anything else? Just what on earth to you base such a daft assertation on?  I was going to post the definition of 'belief', but it just seems to silly. I'm sure you and everyone else knows what 'belief' means, and yet I cannot comprehend how you could possibly count it as anything else. They don't believe in God so they don't believe in religion. They don't go to church they do not par take in religious things. So what I see here is if a car is red you would call it blue.
Yeah... I'm not even sure how we got started down this road. I think it was some offhand comment you made about papal infallibility that I pointed out was not entirely accurate. It is a bit off topic. Agreed. Couple more comments, though.  Regarding the following exchange: If you have any desire to better understand that which you are arguing against, you may wish to do a bit more research. And you may wish to broaden yours if you're interested in pursuing truth wherever it leads. You may be confusing the position for which I am arguing with what I believe personally. Too enigmatic for me to understand. Based on your comments regarding papal infallibility, it doesn't appear that you have a solid understanding of what 'papal infallibility' means as it is defined within the RCC. Often, arguments against something one does not understand are not reasonable arguments. (Consider creationist arguments for an example of this.) I may not have a complete understanding of papal infallibility as defined within the RCC, but I have a good enough understanding to know that your comments do not demonstrate a solid understanding of it. My own pursuit of truth has nothing to do with your understanding of papal infallibility.   If a person does not even believe in the Christian God, then papal infallibility will only have an impact on them if they allow it to. I disagree. What the RCC does, along with every Protestant denomination, has an impact on you and me? At some levels, this may be true. Though the RCC will do whatever the RCC will do. What the RCC does may have an impact on individuals outside the RCC through various channels (media, legal, political, personal contact, etc.) But the doctrine of papal infallibility has no direct impact on anyone's beliefs unless they allow it to have an impact on their beliefs.  What does it matter to an atheist that the Catholic Church professes that Mary was assumed into heaven, body and soul? I thought we were talking about infallibility. But you know, why would I want to be debating RCC esoterica? I'm really not interested in discussing the idea of papal infallibility, but if others are, they can feel free to use this thread. I'm interested in knowing what the real deal is for atheists in America. The assumption of Mary was one of the 'infallible' proclamations by the Pope when speaking Ex Cathedra. I was pointing out that infallible proclamations by the RCC have little to do with an atheist's personal beliefs, unless that atheist takes a personal interest in these proclamations for one reason or another.
Well yes and no. In the end atheists believe that the world/life/everything were created by natural and/or scientific principles. That is a belief. By the same token you could claim Christianity is a 'disbelief' as they disbelieve these things are true. This second statement is incorrect. Christians do not necessarily 'disbelieve' that the world/life/everything was created by natural principles. Some do. Some don't.   Christians do believe that there is a God. Some Christians believe that everything was created by 'natural' means that can be observed, studied and known via scientific principles. Even if EVERYTHING can be explained by scientific principles, a Christian may still believe that a God exists that created everything in a naturalistic way that can be observed and known. Even if singularity (which I freely admit I do not understand) is the origin of the universe, that does not negate the possibility of an all-powerful God as described by the Christian Bible.
However it is clearly a religious option- more like if you were to ask 'shall we go for Thai or Indian?', 'Actually I am in the mood for Pizza' is an option that makes sense. Different from the others but still an option in that field.  If Atheism was made an official religion, then what would count as priests and churchs (if anything), science teachers, or just anti-missionaries, who challenged the word of gods but nothing more? Trouble is they are a lot more effective than others though, so politically it wouldn't be very good. Could they even be allowed, are you allowed to attack and critise religions or do they have special laws protecting them? Tasty Fish who said I was critiseing religions I wasn't critiseing religion I was stating my interruption of it. (IMO)
I didn't say you were critising religions, I was just saying that athesism can be considered a 'religious belief'. By beleiving in one religion you must by definetion in most cases disbelieve in others, atheism is just that little bit further but along the same lines, it has beleifs in common with every single other religion I disagree because they don't want to be associated with religion. Any more than you or I want to be in Iraq. It is like trying to put water in a pipe when there is no water.
It isn't really associating them with religion, but offering Atheism as an alternative to religion- the beliefs cover the same set of things, its just in this case the things are thought not to exist. Atheism on its own is purely about gods, even more so than other religions as atheism only requires the disbeleif in them rather than setting any other rules as well. I can see why religions might not want it to be officially recognised but the association with religions I don't see (being an atheist) I would not even go there because it would not even with religions that is like having a car that never stays in time. OK let me put it another way Catholics have there ways Buddhist have there ways Muslims have there ways. What do atheist do they don't associate with any religion because they do not beleve in it. There would be to much confusion to get all of there disbeliefs in order. There are to many of them.
Why do you have to do traditional Christian trappings in order to qualify for being religious?  What of Bhuddists? Do you claim that is not a religion because it's followers don't necessarily do such things? It was an example thats all just as an example.
You mention Catholics, Catholics are one of literally thousands of Christian off-shoots. Just a point of clarification here...  The Catholic Church, per my understanding, is not an 'off-shoot' of anything. Rather, as I understand it, the early Christian Church was largely universal (of course there were exceptions). As more off-shoots became prevalent, the main body of the Christian Church distinguished itself as the Catholic Church. Certainly, this is not a complete description, as it does not distinguish between the Roman Catholic Church and the Orthodox Church. But I don't believe it is accurate to suggest that the Catholic Church is an 'off-shoot' of the early Christian Church. (C'mon, even Dan Brown knows that! ;) )
I noticed something...        You really like comparisons, don't you? :p It's irrelevant, I know, I just thought it was funny.  . Not is not a believe they dont want to be associate with religion How can you say something that is not. That is the most ridicules thing I have ever heard. And Christianity is not what it use to be ether.What do atheists believe in? They don't believe in religion no matter how you look at you can not classify them as a religion. I found nothing funny with you dumb comment about comparisons. Sometimes you have to compare so people get the message. You knew that now didn't you.
I think you're misrepresenting atheism. It is simply the rejection of the Christian god, as understood and formulated by religious institutions through any number of creeds.  I believe in a lot of things which may prove to be wrong. I believe in the goodness of humans and their ability to adapt and survive, for instance, despite the daily headlines, and in spite of the nearly universal apocalyptic bent of most Christians.   To say the church's and its leader's messages are "based on belief" has not been my observation. I haven't heard Billy Graham deliver a sermon entitled, "Jesus Saves, According To My Best Guess". Nor has the infallible Pope issued any encyclical that I'm aware of where he states, "In my humble opinion, priests should remain celibate". They instead want their listeners to believe the message has been personally delivered by God to them, and they are reporting it verbatim, without delay, and will result in the most serious of consequences to one who rejects the pronouncement.   That is what atheists don't believe in.  Old note, I know but I am only here every so often. I do not misrepresent atheism. The word itself means without anything theistic or anything of any kind having to do with any god. It is not simply the rejection of the christian god. It is a rejection of all forms of god. No matter the religion. The hardcore atheists (and they do say this) say that bellief in anything that cannot be observed is absurd. Yet you and I cannot live life without believing in things we do not observe.  You mischaracterize billy graham. (I don't know about the pope). Dr. Graham has never delivered a message that says believe thusly or you go to hell. He has delivered his knowledge and understanding of the love of God. God loves. Period. That is the christian dogma. It is irrelevant what SOME have preached, as it is possible what they preach is wrong. God clearly loves. Billy graham has preached that he knows God wants individuals to choose jesus because God loves them. He has never stated the conditional fear part you speak of. Good luck finding such an item.
Old note, I know but I am only here every so often. I do not misrepresent atheism. The word itself means without anything theistic or anything of any kind having to do with any god. It is not simply the rejection of the christian god. It is a rejection of all forms of god. No matter the religion. The hardcore atheists (and they do say this) say that bellief in anything that cannot be observed is absurd. Yet you and I cannot live life without believing in things we do not observe.  You mischaracterize billy graham. (I don't know about the pope). Dr. Graham has never delivered a message that says believe thusly or you go to hell. He has delivered his knowledge and understanding of the love of God. God loves. Period. That is the christian dogma. It is irrelevant what SOME have preached, as it is possible what they preach is wrong. God clearly loves. Billy graham has preached that he knows God wants individuals to choose jesus because God loves them. He has never stated the conditional fear part you speak of. Good luck finding such an item. God loves billy Graham Haaa God loves Tammy Fay too Haaa. the problem with religion is the new Church's that have sprouted up have lost reality with the Bible Christan's have lost touch with the Bible and are now harping on morals. They want every body to conform to there style.
What are you talking about? I said that atheism is not a religion. What are you trying to argue here? I said that there are religions where a belief in God is either discouraged or found unimportant, that's all. That's a fact. Do you know anything about Buddhism?    That'd be because you have no sense of humor :p . Relax, I was just playing around a bit, not intending to offend or attack you. Exactly I have been say that right a long and it should not be classify as a religion. It has no meaning because some yuppie group now wants to stereo atheism into a religion. Come on its a no brainer thy do not want to be a part of religion. Oh I do have a sense of humor don't worry about that.
Hi epaphras_faith,  Billy Graham picked up the ball where Norman Vincent Peale left it after reinventing God in the mid 20th century. Peale was the one who popularized "God is love" and for it received ostracism from every mainline denomination in America, which was decidedly "fire and brimstone". When they saw the beaten path to Peale's doorstep, they belatedly began receiving divine revelations that God is, indeedy, love.      A new phenomenon, as I have endeavored to briefly show above. Many theologians still realize today that if you attempt to remove hell from the equation, you have pulled a critical pillar from the base that supports Christianity.     I hope you're not advocating that the Reverend Billy Graham is infallible. The last time I mentioned that word I was taken to task. At the least may we agree that Dr. Graham may be as right or as wrong as some other practitioners. In the last sermon I heard him deliver he stated God is a spirit. That statement alone relegates God to nothingness, although I'm afraid it eluded the audience.    If the words "hell" and "damnation" have never crossed his lips, and he has said many other choices besides Jesus will still ensure God's love and mercy, then I may be inclined to believe, like you, that he may be more right than others.  regards  Hello Bill:  I othink you misunderstand my statements. I am not saying that hell is not a reality. I am not saying that Billy Graham does not believe in it. Hell is simply eternal separation from God. The bible says that the only way to God is through Jesus. That is to be sure. But, it is how this is presented by christians with which you argue.   I have never preached hell and damnation. None of those have ever turned anyone toward God. God himself told the children of Israel what would happen if they turned their back on Him. It did not stop them anyway (read Jeremiah for background).  It is God' love, mercy and grace that are appealing to people. God is love is not a New concept. It is well established from the very beginning. It is who God is. All he does is out of love, because it is who He is. You nor I always understand it, but we are not the ones who get to define what is and is not loving. That would be ludicrous as it would result in sheer chaos and foolish actions. That is where moral relativism comes from.   If, however, love is defined then to know what it is is the highest of all callings. God defines love as Himself. Therefore, the highest of all callings is to know God. To look simply at the surface actions and not dig deeper into things leaves one with a wrong view.   That is the point I was trying to make. You mischaracterize what people are doing. To say that Billy Graham is a terrible person because he tries to scare people into believing is simply wrong. NOthing BG has ever done was out of a desire to induce fear.   If he believes that the highest of callings is to know God (love) and it has had a profound impact on his life (and he does and it has) then why would he NOT want others to experience such a thing.   If you found the most amazing thing in the world to you and it was life transforming and the people you love did not have that, would you not want to share it with them. That is Dr. Graham's motivation. For you to beleive otherwise would necessarily be based on a lack of knowledge and therefore be somewhat prejudicial.  Thanks for responding and your patience in my getting back. I am still looking for a job and do not spend anywhere near the time I used to on this board.  EF.
No, nothing against the messengers, I reject the message. It is about condemning most people to a separation from God, which is a nice euphemism for hell but little more.     If the message was good enough that God personally relayed it to the Jews, if it was that important, it ought to be good enough for his present-day followers to disseminate. Why would you want to hear a sugar-coated version of anything? Why not the whole story, full-strength?      I can't agree with one sentence of the above, and my disagreements become stronger with each new sentence. The God of the O.T. is not about love. We most certainly must get to define what it is. And, most of all, the story of God has nothing to do with morality, let alone relativism.     I have dug so deep that I reached the footings and found them rotted beyond repair. Have you dug that deep?    I have nothing against Billy Graham.     I believe happiness lies in pursuing the truth wherever it leads. I want to share that belief, I want you to experience the exhilaration of discovering a fact, a nugget of truth and realize what freedom really feels like. I WANT to share that.      It is my motivation as well, as it is yours I assume.    A job in the ministry I assume? Well, best of luck. Hope you can find time to check in often.  1st. I am not pursuing a job in ministry. Government actually. (bureaucrat). My question to you is why do you, a fallible, faulty, flawed human get to define what love ought to be or is? Are you so certain that you can see the future for each and every individual that you know what will be best for them in the future? Do you really think that you see so clearly that you even know what is best for you 20 years from now? Where were you when I was made? Where were you when Rome was built or even the matter slipped into being? Where were you when the designs for DNA were conceived? WHY oh WHY would you presume to know so much as to be able to define the concept of love?
A few questions:  You say atheism is not a belief because it is reactionary, therefore a non-belief. Hypothetically speaking, if a remote culture were to develop atheism without at any point considering a theistic system, would you still not classify it as a belief?   So if that was just an example, on what grounds would you say something (belief or non) could be classified as a religion?  Finally regardless of if it is spiritually (for want of a better word) a religion or not, do you believe that it should legally be regarded as a religion? In other words do you think that Atheists should be protected under religious discrimination laws and the like? Hypothetically speaking they simply want to be left out of the religion. Let ask you this Phunting would you like to be dragged down the hall way if you did not want to go. Well it is the same thing here. So Phunting do you want to classify Atheism?
My question to you is why do you, a fallible, faulty, flawed human get to define what love ought to be or is?  My question to YOU is this: How do YOU get off calling another human being fallible, faulty and flawed? Do you not believe that human beings were created in God's image? How can we be faulty or flawed if God created us? If God created us as God intended to create us, I would suggest that we are exactly as God intended to create us. In other words, we were created perfectly. Where is the flaw in that?
My question to YOU is this: How do YOU get off calling another human being fallible, faulty and flawed? Do you not believe that human beings were created in God's image? How can we be faulty or flawed if God created us? If God created us as God intended to create us, I would suggest that we are exactly as God intended to create us. In other words, we were created perfectly. Where is the flaw in that? You raise a very interesting issue may that is a lie too.
Sorry, I really don't understand that post! Who wants to be left out of what religion in what hypothesis?   And do I wan't to classify Atheism as what? A religion? Well yes, as IMO it is. But I appreciate that it can be seen otherwise. However legally at least I feel it must be one.  And you didn't really answer my questions. Reread the post. I was stating that Atheism should not be classified as a religion. Thats why Atheism is what it is they do not go to church they do not partake in religious things. So that for they shoud not be classified as a religion. So why try to make something that can not be done. Do you now under stand what I am getting at?
Hello,  A recent survey found that 54% of Americans believe atheism presents the greatest threat to our society, even more than non-Christian religions such as Islam.   http://www.mndaily.com/articles/2004/04/27/9453#repeat  That has me wondering what our fellow forum members think about the matter. I've included a poll which I hope you'll take time to vote in, and I am looking forward to any and all comments.  regards  I heard recently that people who attend church regulary are twice as likely to vote Republican and that people who rarely or never attend church are twice as likely to vote Democratic. Therefore, I would conclude that the biggest threat to our way of life is the Democratic Party. ;)
I heard recently that people who attend church regulary are twice as likely to vote Republican and that people who rarely or never attend church are twice as likely to vote Democratic. Therefore, I would conclude that the biggest threat to our way of life is the Democratic Party. ;) Now is that supposed to be a good thing if you go to church you will vote Republican. What a crock of you know what here. That has got to be the dumbist thing I ever heard in my life. I used to go to church but now a days it has gotten phony like the Republicans.
Err he was joking! emoticon_rolleyes  ... I hope!  edit: Well that proves his point doesn't it? If you can put up with the phony-ness of the church you can put up with the phony-ness of the republicans. :)  edit edit:  I am too, btw emoticon_rolleyes What the heck is that suppose to prove. Thats right (IMO) Republicans the majority are phonys. For your info just a many Democrat go to church as well so whats that suppose to mean too. Come on Satin get with the real world. emoticon_rolleyes
Waht? Huh? It wasn't supposed to prove anything. Hence the statement that I was joking. And who is Satin?  Oh, come on. You know Satin, brother of Velvet, cousin of Velour.;)  Anyway lets please stop this before it gets out of hand. In future I will know not to use jokes and/or sarcasm in my posts if it really is that easily confused with whatever you thought I was saying.  emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_frazzled emoticon_cry emoticon_rolleyes  Don't confuse us with the facts, please. emoticon_xdonno
What the heck is that suppose to prove. Thats right (IMO) Republicans the majority are phonys.   And you know what they say about "opinions".   For your info just a many Democrat go to church as well so whats that suppose to mean too. Come on Satin get with the real world. emoticon_rolleyes  Actually, I reported the real results of a study. Regular church attendees are twice as likely to vote Republican...etc., the conclusion was, however, meant to be a joke. Most got it, you didn't. emoticon_rolleyes
Oh, come on. You know Satin, brother of Velvet, cousin of Velour.;)   Don't confuse us with the facts, please. emoticon_xdonno The Devil what do you think. I thought you were more educated than that.
I understand what you are saying now, it wasn't clear in your previous post.  I dispute that one needs to 'partake in religious things' to follow a religion. A non-practicing christian still follows a religion, even if they don't attend church and the like.  And again I ask, do you feel that it should have a religious classification under the law or not? Prove that they follow a religion. Come on, On what bases do they follow?
Well, I just checked the latest poll results, 26 votes, from this thread. Allow me to spin it. .........  But best of all, the happiest surprise, 15 of us gave atheism in our society a postive mark. Is it somehow a coincidence that people who are attracted to debates are so accepting of atheists?  My guess would be that people who like to debate intellectual topics tend to be more intelligent than the average guy who doesn't. As such, they are probably less afraid of "the unknown". Remember, it's ignorance that breeds contempt, not knowledge.  emoticon_xgood
In the end I see a religion as a system of belief concerning the nature of a higher power.  I feel that atheism is based on belief, as agnosticism is the only real system that doesn't require a leap of faith of one sort or the other.  Of course it has none of the trappings you list, but they are a part of organized religion, not religion itself. To put it another way, what of someone who passionately believes in a God of their own definition. They have no church, no dogma not even a set of clearly defined beliefs, but they believe strongly in what they believe. They are still religious, even though their religion has no real defining characteristics.   Equally I see atheists as in the same position, we can passionately believe in what we believe, take it all on faith without any defined scripture or other trappings. We can use these beliefs to find our place in the universe, to explain why the world works as we see it and to base our actions according to these beliefs. As we can behave in a religious way, then surely by definition we are following a religion.  In the end it is a belief about the nature of God. Why should 'religion' be confined to an affirmative belief as to his nature? Where did you come up with that nonsense? You still insist that it shoud be classify as a religion. You just don't get it do you. You can't call a glass of milk a mug of beer. Well that is what you are doing here.
 ...  If you don't agree, why don't you actually post an argument to refute my points instead of just making sweeping statements?  You will more likely find irrefutable evidence that the earth is indeed flat.
He is saying that Atheism and other Religions is like calling milk and a selection of beers, drinks. Atheism is as much as a religious choice as anything else, so shouldn't they receive the same protection for choosing to reject religions and mysticism. Shouldn't it also be taught in religous education classes designed to increase awareness of other people's views? Atheism is not a religion, Clear to the end cut and dry. Jeeeeesus are you that mindless yuppies that want to change the world. You can not say a square is a circle. And that is what you are trying to do here.... emoticon_xangel Yes the Born agains are trying to think again.
I see. So in response to my points you have decided that instead of actually debating them it would be far more sensible to just call them 'nonsense' and then add an inane analogy, great.  If you don't agree, why don't you actually post an argument to refute my points instead of just making sweeping statements?  Let me try since some seem incapable of engaging in cogent thought. :)  In the end I see a religion as a system of belief concerning the nature of a higher power.  I feel that atheism is based on belief, as agnosticism is the only real system that doesn't require a leap of faith of one sort or the other. I disagree. Atheism is the antithesis of belief. An atheist only "believes" what he/she can see, touch, smell or taste. There is NO "belief" only proof. An agnostic, IMO, is an intellectually vacuous position to hold. Basically, it's "I have no proof that God exists and I'm not willing to put in the intellectual effort to either prove or disprove his existence. I really don't care."   Of course it has none of the trappings you list, but they are a part of organized religion, not religion itself. To put it another way, what of someone who passionately believes in a God of their own definition. They have no church, no dogma not even a set of clearly defined beliefs, but they believe strongly in what they believe. They are still religious, even though their religion has no real defining characteristics.  If a person has a "passionate belief in a God of their own definition", doesn't that qualify as dogma?:)   Equally I see atheists as in the same position, we can passionately believe in what we believe, take it all on faith without any defined scripture or other trappings. We can use these beliefs to find our place in the universe, to explain why the world works as we see it and to base our actions according to these beliefs. As we can behave in a religious way, then surely by definition we are following a religion. No argument there, except that I would argue your use of the term "faith".  In the end it is a belief about the nature of God. Why should 'religion' be confined to an affirmative belief as to his nature? The antithesis of religion is also religion if it is a devoutly held position....... Interesting concept........
Unfortunatly you appear correct.   Ooookay. I think that is my cue to stop debating (if you can call it that!) this with sglaine. So what you are saying is you can fit a circle in a square. It is not a religiion.
No, what I'm saying is that unless you can spend five minutes and actually form an argument, refute my points or answer my questions instead of continually making unjustified statements I see no point in this 'debate' continuing with you. No pal if it doesn't go your way you are like a little kid have a fit. I bet you are a concervative.
I'm the captain of my ship and when I see something that looks, quacks, and walks like a duck, I am going to label it a duck. IMO, a Christian all too often imagines some unseen entity under the surface of the water is animating and manipulating the object which appears to resemble a duck, making one BELIEVE they are seeing a duck but are actually being fooled, except for, of course, the Christian, who in turn feels compelled to warn everybody about the fake duck.   I am qualified to speak of love because I have received it as well as given it, and I can attest to its greatness in elevating the human spirit. Beyond that, I can't go, and may I be so bold as to say, neither can you. And even bolder yet, I don't want or desire anything beyond that.     No. I'm not sure how you assumed that. I make no claims like that.    Again, no. Do you?    Shades of Job: consider Chapter 40:12 . Great literature, no? You know, I've never presumed to know the answers to the great mystery. It seems as though you do, IMO.    Because no one else can define it for me. Those that attempt to are charlatans and quacks and have 1-900 phone numbers which one can call at 4 A.M. to be enlightened as to their definition.   May I ask, what are you attempting to strive for that the very act of being a human being isn't enough? Why do you feel you need more, and at what point may we question whether greediness enters the equation?  Billsco:  You, as anybody are certainly qualified to speak of love. I did not say you were not. I said you are not qualified to DEFINE love as you cannot see everything. To say that what God did or does is not love is a little like the pot telling the potter that he should have swirled more at the top.   The next part will likely answer the bootfitters tirade as well. God did not create man perfect. In his image, yes, but images are not perfect. They are representations. One would not take a photograph and declare it to be as good as the person. If that were the case, I suspect there would be a large number of men married to Elle McPherson. God created man to be lead. God created man with a need for God.   He did not give man everything he needed to see the future. Why is seeing the future so important. Because to truly love someone we must know what is REALLY for their best, not just the best in the next twenty minutes, but what will benefit them most for a lifetime. Our (humans) view is far too limited to truly discern. It is one of the reasons that dependence on God is the only real way to love.   This is the point I was trying to make. You are quite right to see shades of Job in what I wrote; it is predominantly the point I was making. God can and has defined love. Love, as a concept is quite difficult to define in words (especially in the english language), however, God defined love in a word, Jesus. This is essentially the christian belief. For us to claim that the God of the old testament (which IMO they are one and the same) did not love is saying "I get to define love and the only one who made all of creation and sees both forward and backward throughout all of time and beyond does not."  Does that clarify my point Billsco? I would like to hear your thoughts on it.   Bootfitter, if you can actually claim to be perfect, I think you need to think again. Is there anyone else in this forum that actually claims to be perfect, to never have made a mistake, hurt someone they love, been hurt, acted in anger when they should not have? Bootfitter seems to think this way. I can call someone else flawed simply because I know I am flawed and am not afraid of it. It is not a sign of weakness but a statement of the way things are.
How can it not have gone my way? There has been no bloody argument here for it to go any way at all! All you have done is stated that you don't think it is a religion and provided no justification for your beliefs. So far the only argument I have even heard from you is atheists 'do not go to church they do not partake in religious things'. When I tried to explain that that does not necessarily stop anyone from being religious you didn't respond. I am not having a fit here, but I think I am within my rights to find your attitude exasperating.   What does that have to do with anything? Why do you feel the need to resort to continual stereotyping? Boy you are way off note. Like always . And the reason for stereo typing is because it is a yuppie crazzeee..... Haaa Haaa All of you do it in one shape or form. So don't tell me how perfect you or any body else is because there not.Christins have a religion. Atheist don't. Catholics have a religion Atheist do not. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel Learn it know it use it. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel
Boy you are way off note. Like always . And the reason for stereo typing is because it is a yuppie crazzeee..... Haaa Haaa All of you do it in one shape or form. So don't tell me how perfect you or any body else is because there not.Christins have a religion. Atheist don't. Catholics have a religion Atheist do not. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel Learn it know it use it. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel  I have to agree with phunting (perhaps a first). Atheists is not a lack of RELIGION it is a choice to not believe in God. They believe in some things although they will say that they believe in nothing. It is really a very illogical positon to be an atheist.
Bootfitter, if you can actually claim to be perfect, I think you need to think again. Is there anyone else in this forum that actually claims to be perfect, to never have made a mistake, hurt someone they love, been hurt, acted in anger when they should not have? Bootfitter seems to think this way. I can call someone else flawed simply because I know I am flawed and am not afraid of it. It is not a sign of weakness but a statement of the way things are. What does it mean to be 'perfect'? What does it mean to 'hurt' someone? What does it mean to be 'hurt'?  These terms are all subjective. My point is not that I am perfect as in the sense you are thinking of perfect -- as in infallible, never having made a mistake or an error in judgement... or as in never hurting somebody else through my actions. No. My point is that every single individual thing (X) that has ever existed is perfect just as it is. Because that's how X is. It is only when you arbitrarily define X as 'imperfect' that X becomes imperfect. In reality, X has not changed one bit. X is still X. But now YOU are calling X imperfect. Why is X imperfect if God created X as X is? Who are you to judge X to be imperfect?  I'm afraid that your belief that humanity is intrinsically flawed and that's "a statement of the way things are" is only your perception. Just as my belief that everything is perfect is just a perception. The way things are is the way things are -- separate from both of our sets of beliefs.  By your logic ("I can call someone else flawed simply because I know I am flawed and am not afraid of it."), could I call someone else blonde, just because I am blonde and I am not afraid of it? Just because you see yourself as flawed does not mean that everyone is flawed. This is faulty logic.
I know this has gone round but I can't see atheism as belief when by definition it is an absence of belief. What assumption is necessary to disbelieve? Let's consider whether there is a distinction between these two ideas: 1) An absence of belief in X vs 2) A belief in the absence of X  Thoughts, anyone? Is the distinction worth discussing? Ultimately, I would suggest they represent the same concept... though if someone could help me make the distinction more clear, I'm sure I could be convinced otherwise.
I agree totally, diehard atheist here.  However not sure on the ground state thing, if they have no concept of this it doesn't mean the thing does not exist or that they don't beleive such a thing doesn't exist - the fact a child has never heard of elephants does not stop them existing. Knowledge of the concept of a thing is needed before you can believe it is true or disbelieve it.  However as Atheism is generally a disbelief in god (as if you don't understand the concept of God then you would never have heard of the concept of Atheism - neither exist to you) you are relying on absence of physical proof (you essentailly have a hearsay kind of proof as you have been told he exists) and you are choosing to beleive that this physcial evidence (or absence of it) is dominant over the hearsay evidence (a positive in this case, even if the eventual belief is negative).  I dunno, I can see how Atheism can be shown to be illogical purely on semantics, but I doubt anyone can show a way for religion to be more logical way. Surely to follow the same extremes the religious person would have to believe everything they are ever told, including when someone tells them that a previous peice of evidence is wrong. The human brain just isn't wired to believe two contradictory things at once (though it copes by ignoring one at a time) in the same way as it is wired to assume what its sense tell it is true (even when they may not be)  But we are getting silly now. Oh yes Atheist do have a concept they know how foolish Christian's really are the born again types. Atheist are just as smart as you and I. So I feel that what you are saying is if you do not have a religion you don't have a brain. Why should we all be followers of the Christians be like Jimmy Swagged Tammy fay Baker and all of those phony's. And what bring my family to a Catholic service so my child can be molested. I don't think so. I think the Atheist have it together because they can smell a bad thing. I am sorry but I used to be into religion but every thing got twisted with everybody else rendition. So in closing good luck with all of your beleifs because the Atheist are going to come ahead on this one. Yeaaa. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel And yes I do say Chistians are more of a threat then Atheist.
 Originally Posted by JPSartre12 ...... Quote: I disagree. Atheism is the antithesis of belief. An atheist only "believes" what he/she can see, touch, smell or taste. There is NO "belief" only proof. An agnostic, IMO, is an intellectually vacuous position to hold. Basically, it's "I have no proof that God exists and I'm not willing to put in the intellectual effort to either prove or disprove his existence. I really don't care." Phunting replied: Admittedly in the most part, yes. However I think you do agnosticism too much discredit. That is the true system that demands proof one way or the other. Atheists believe, without proof, in the non-existence of God.  I don't look at it that way. It's easy to prove that something exists. It only takes one piece of evidence to prove, but to prove a negative requires one to rule out all else. For example, to prove the existence of a 4 leaf clover only requires one example to prove, but to say that there is no such thing as a 5 leaf clover requires one to examine every clover leaf to prove that the statement is true. Agnostics chose not to look exhaustively for proof or lack of proof. At least Atheists are intellectually honest enough to not hedge and say that since there is no concrete proof, there is no God.  JPSartre12 wrote: If a person has a "passionate belief in a God of their own definition", doesn't that qualify as dogma? Phunting replied: Dogma is really a defined set of beliefs or doctrines. What I meant be a 'belief in a God of their own definition' was a belief in a god (or gods), but not in the strict sense as laid down by Christianity/any other religion. More of a innate belief that there is a god, but never going as far to define it. I was playing with the language. Dogma is a set of deeply held beliefs without proof. What you defined met the definition of dogma. :)   JPSartre12 wrote: No argument there, except that I would argue your use of the term "faith". Phunting replied: Perhaps 'without proof' instead? Better. :)   JPSartre12 wrote: The antithesis of religion is also religion if it is a devoutly held position....... Interesting concept........ Phunting replied: That's what I believe, after all (inane analogy time!) a negative number is still a number. I think that's an acceptable analogy.   emoticon_xgood
How can it not have gone my way? There has been no bloody argument here for it to go any way at all! All you have done is stated that you don't think it is a religion and provided no justification for your beliefs. So far the only argument I have even heard from you is atheists 'do not go to church they do not partake in religious things'. When I tried to explain that that does not necessarily stop anyone from being religious you didn't respond. I am not having a fit here, but I think I am within my rights to find your attitude exasperating......  I'm reminded of an old Monty Python skit on the Argument Clinic: http://www.duke.edu/~pms5/humor/argument.html   :)
I have to agree with phunting (perhaps a first). Atheists is not a lack of RELIGION it is a choice to not believe in God. They believe in some things although they will say that they believe in nothing. It is really a very illogical positon to be an atheist.  Actually, I think Atheism is the epitomy of a purely logical thought process. We have no proof that God exists, ergo he doesn't exist. To believe in God is to believe in illogical acts :miracles, resurrection, transsubstantiation, Heaven, Hell, etc. Religion is one of the only areas of my life in which logic doesn't enter in. I'm a Believer. emoticon_xangel
Sigh. Not really sure why I continue to respond to these, oh well...   If anyone else posted this I would think they were being sarcastic. How can you seriously say that stereotyping is the fault of 'the yuppies', do you not see the contradiction in the statement?   Where did this come from? I said nothing of the sort.   Do you not understand, this is not a valid argument? You just keep on stating your own opinion without anything whatsoever to back it up. You have to give reasons to why you think this way otherwise it is just meaningless.  So for the last bloody time: why don't you classify atheism as a religion?Of course it is the falt of the yupppies they think they have a concept but thay are off base. They want change the world they have messed that all up too. Are you a yuppie there pudding? I see that you are tweeked. You see you have your beleifs and I have mine what you say just dont mesh. I thing your on a fair island the way you talk. The botton line is you beleive in what want and I will beleive in what I want. I have scaped the fairy storys out of the bible and sticking how ever with the truth inside the bible. The best of both worlds. Haaaa Haaaa Haaaaa Haaaa. And for the bloodth last time I am going to yopur thick head of yours Atheism does not fall under religion nor does golf fit under as sking. Atheist do not beleive in religion and you fools can not classify some thing that is not classifyable. Understand that will you.
I totally agree, though I do still feel you are being overly hard on agnosticism. I think it is a fair enough position to say that there are some things that will, and by their very nature can, never be proven.  To me, saying that there are some things that can never be proven, and accepting that position as fact, is the intellectual equivalent of crying "Uncle". :)  I see. Well we are just arguing over semantics here then :) A rose by any other name...... :)
Of course it is the falt of the yupppies they think they have a concept but thay are off base. They want change the world they have messed that all up too. Are you a yuppie there pudding? I see that you are tweeked. You see you have your beleifs and I have mine what you say just dont mesh. I thing your on a fair island the way you talk. The botton line is you beleive in what want and I will beleive in what I want. I have scaped the fairy storys out of the bible and sticking how ever with the truth inside the bible. The best of both worlds. Haaaa Haaaa Haaaaa Haaaa. And for the bloodth last time I am going to yopur thick head of yours Atheism does not fall under religion nor does golf fit under as sking. Atheist do not beleive in religion and you fools can not classify some thing that is not classifyable. Understand that will you.  I know that I'll probably regret it but......... First, I don't understand your fixation on the term "Yuppy". Do you dislike them for their intelligence, success, money or politics? 25 years ago, I was a young urban professional, but my politics were just to the right of the John Birch Society. Did that still make me a Yuppy in your eyes? emoticon_rolleyes  Secondly, I find it interesting that you would classify ANY part of the Bible as "fairy stories". If you are a true Christian, then you also believe that the Bible IS the word of God. Do you think that God writes children's tales? Now, there are parables in the Bible that are used as tools to bring a more concrete understanding of God's more abstract concepts to the masses, many of whom were illiterate and possessed only a rudimentary knowledge of many things, but I'd hardly label these as "fairy tales".  Thirdly, religion, by definition, doesn't require the achnowledgement of a supreme being. Religion has several meanings. For example: "a cause, principle, or system of beliefs held to with ardor and faith" as taken from Merriam Webster Online Dictionary. Surely you would concede that Atheism falls under this broader definition of religion, right?  And golf may not fall under the definition of skiing, but both fall under the definition of "sport". emoticon_frazzled
IMO, agnosticism is simply the truest position a person can possess. Your five-leaf clover example will suffice. We can never be expected to examine every last clover stalk on the earth, and every other hospitable planet in the universe, before becoming five-leaf clover atheists. But one certainly can be agnostic about it after an exhaustive search reveals no such thing. It also does not preclude the fact that some odd mutation is not at this very moment, or some time in the future, producing one. For that reason, agnosticism becomes a honest conclusion. Certainly not a vacuous one, which is another reason I will sometimes define myself as an atheist. I don't want people assuming I'm riding fences and too lazy to get down.  Very well said. There is no proof of the existence of any God or gods. Even the most faithful Christian cannot KNOW with certainty that God exists in reality, apart from the mind/spirit of the individual. The only evidence any individual can offer for the existence of a God or gods is personal experience -- which is by its very nature, subjective. The individual mind can make any experience mean just about anything. (One person's suffering could be another person's joy.)  It is fine to believe in a God or gods. But belief is not knowledge. It is faith. As such, there is no proof. Once there is 'proof' (or substantial evidence in reality with no evidence to the contrary), then it no longer takes faith to believe something.  I'm not certain if I would fall under the category of agnostic... I personally believe that God exists. I have had personal experiences that are enough to indicate to me that God is real (though the actual God that exists may be distinct from what I am able to comprehend this God to be). HOWEVER, I recognize that currently, we do not have any proof or even substantial evidence in reality that there is a God or gods. Perhaps we never will have this evidence in the realm that we occupy. Perhaps we will.
I'm not agnostic, yet I fully accept that some things cannot be proven. It may well be possible to disprove the existence of any specific belief, but not the entire possibility of a supreme being. I guess that the problem I have with Agnostics is that the ones that I've been exposed to hold that position out of apathy, not conviction, hence the quote below:  Quote: is the intellectual equivalent of crying "Uncle".  Phunting replied: Sorry, I don't get the reference.  Crying "Uncle" is a uniquely American expression meaning: to give up, concede, plead for mercy, ask for quarter, etc., http://www.quinion.com/words/qa/qa-say1.htm  In other words, I see Agnosticism as vacuous because I don't see them trying to find an answer to the question "Is there a God?". Instead, I see Agnosticism as "who cares if there is or isn't?" Like I said, I haven't run across too many agnostics. I guess you could say that I'm surrounded by Christianity. emoticon_xangel
I know that I'll probably regret it but......... First, I don't understand your fixation on the term "Yuppy". Do you dislike them for their intelligence, success, money or politics? 25 years ago, I was a young urban professional, but my politics were just to the right of the John Birch Society. Did that still make me a Yuppy in your eyes? emoticon_rolleyes  Secondly, I find it interesting that you would classify ANY part of the Bible as "fairy stories". If you are a true Christian, then you also believe that the Bible IS the word of God. Do you think that God writes children's tales? Now, there are parables in the Bible that are used as tools to bring a more concrete understanding of God's more abstract concepts to the masses, many of whom were illiterate and possessed only a rudimentary knowledge of many things, but I'd hardly label these as "fairy tales".  Thirdly, religion, by definition, doesn't require the achnowledgement of a supreme being. Religion has several meanings. For example: "a cause, principle, or system of beliefs held to with ardor and faith" as taken from Merriam Webster Online Dictionary. Surely you would concede that Atheism falls under this broader definition of religion, right?  And golf may not fall under the definition of skiing, but both fall under the definition of "sport". emoticon_frazzled I dislike yuppie for there common sense. They like have none. You see I am like an old farmer if you get what I mean. We are an old New England breed. I also think that this world is going at a too fast of paste. And theory it will distroy us. I did ask the guys that work for us about Atheism today 1/2 them agreed with you guy's and the other half said they agreed with my theory. I do like the old style church & there beliefs but they are few & far between now adays. I will tell you this if my daughter wants to go to church I let her but it is not my cup of coffee if you get my point and she does go from time to time.
I dislike yuppie for there common sense. They like have none.  Not ONE Yuppie has any common sense?  You see I am like an old farmer if you get what I mean. We are an old New England breed.  Ah, I see. A descendant of Salen, Mass. no doubt. :)  I also think that this world is going at a too fast of paste. And theory it will distroy us.   Only if we eat too much of it. :)  I did ask the guys that work for us about Atheism today 1/2 them agreed with you guy's and the other half said they agreed with my theory. I do like the old style church & there beliefs but they are few & far between now adays. I will tell you this if my daughter wants to go to church I let her but it is not my cup of coffee if you get my point and she does go from time to time. So, let me get this straight. You long for simpler days and e a more Puritanical Church, but you don't want to be a member of the congregation. Does that about sum up your position?   ;)
emoticon_xbye [QUOTE=JPSartre12]Not ONE Yuppie has any common sense? Not very many do you fit? Ah, I see. A descendant of Salen, Mass. no doubt. :) Sorry but not even close pal. As far as a descentdant of Salam, Mass I thought your family is from there.So, let me get this straight. You long for simpler days and e a more Puritanical Church, but you don't want to be a member of the congregation. Does that about sum up your position?  No long for lodgacal days not simpler days and lodgacal has been throwen out the window and yes I am a memember of a congregation and I do a lot for my church but I do not attend services. I[I] am not into getting up and start danceing in church. I'm sorry but I don't think God or Jesus did that.
EF,  I understand what you are saying, thank you for your fuller response. Unfortunately I don't believe I can agree with you. Is it your contention we cannot define anything unless we are omniscient? Would that defense work at my murder trial if I went on a spree? Since we can't see everything, I could contend that we don't properly know the definition of murder and whether it wasn't for the best.  I think I can define love, its three broad meanings: between two people, between friends and family, and with humanity and nature in general. I have numerous problems with God's actions in the O.T. and N.T. as they relate to love, and I have, in effect, put him on trial. As a prosecutor, I most definitely would be pressing the issue that not only should the pot have been more swirled at the top, but it should have been made without the holes in the bottom. You, as the defense attorney, can only respond that I have no business claiming to know what a pot should look like.     I know when my wife comes home from work today, I'll happily sit with her on the porch outside listening to how her day was, and later we'll enjoy a quiet meal together and we'll probably plan our weekend. I know at every step what I've done is best for her, because I love her now. What happens in twenty years is beyond us, but if I'm gone I hope the memory of quiet spring evenings with her husband fill her with peace.   To interject another entity into the equation only detracts from the attention we can give each other, IMO. And he's constantly asking for more and more of it.   regards  Billsco: Thanks for a thoughtful response. It is not my contention that we cannot define anything without being omniscient. However, where love is concerned....  For example, to use the example of you with your wife. You are quite correct that you are indeed loving her by listening to her day. You cannot know what is in the future and the "loving now" is EXTREMELY important. However, we were discussing whether or not things that God did as stated in the old testament are love or not love. I don't see how you or I could define that. I did not bring another entity into it.  Were you not the one who said you did not believe that God was a loving God, if he existed because of the things that the old testament attributes to him. If you are (and I apologize if I am wrong on this, not posting often sometimes muddies my thinking) then you are the one who brought the outside being into it. Additionally, I am not arguing for or against the existence of God merely that it is illogical, if we assume his existence, for you or I to tell God what love is.
[QUOTE=sglaine]emoticon_xbye Not ONE Yuppie has any common sense? Not very many do you fit? Ah, I see. A descendant of Salen, Mass. no doubt. :) Sorry but not even close pal. As far as a descentdant of Salam, Mass I thought your family is from there.  So, let me get this straight. You long for simpler days and e a more Puritanical Church, but you don't want to be a member of the congregation. Does that about sum up your position?  No long for lodgacal days not simpler days and lodgacal has been throwen out the window and yes I am a memember of a congregation and I do a lot for my church but I do not attend services. I[I] am not into getting up and start danceing in church. I'm sorry but I don't think God or Jesus did that.  At 47, I doubt that I qualify as a Yuppie. :)  No, my first relative in the "New World" came over as an indentured servant from Scotland in the mid 1700's.  Hum...dancing in Church......are you a Southern Baptist? We Catholics are way to formal to dance in church. Many of us can hardly stay awake. emoticon_xangel
At 47, I doubt that I qualify as a Yuppie. :)  No, my first relative in the "New World" came over as an indentured servant from Scotland in the mid 1700's.  Hum...dancing in Church......are you a Southern Baptist? We Catholics are way to formal to dance in church. Many of us can hardly stay awake. emoticon_xangel I rest my case. Dancing (IMO) is not for religion. and no I am not a southern baptist. Did you forget I said I was from New England. I do not see any thing wrong with dancing at a church dance just during the service. I hate to tell you but yuppies are in different age groups these days.
I rest my case. Dancing (IMO) is not for religion. and no I am not a southern baptist. Did you forget I said I was from New England.  You don't have to be in the South to be a Southern Baptist.  I do not see any thing wrong with dancing at a church dance just during the service. I hate to tell you but yuppies are in different age groups these days.  Really? Then tell me what the Y in Yuppie stands for?  emoticon_confused
EF,  No, I don't believe it was me. I understand how you may get confused with postings -- different threads, infrequent visits and looking for a job -- but we weren't exploring that topic here.      You're correct in your statement. It's the assumption I have trouble with.  Sorry about the confusion. My bad emoticon_emb
"There is far more proof needed to reasonably believe what's asserted in the Bible than there are for most things. "Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence" - Carl Sagan. I think that statement really is true. Just imagine a couple statements I could make and what the proper reactions should be to them.    1. I was sitting in my room last night and I got a call from a friend of mine.  The normal response is "ok". Everybody has phones, most people have friends, people calling their friends is a very normal thing to do... if this is the only statement I make about that call, there's really no reason for anybody to question the validity of it.   2. I was sitting in my room last night, and a stranger wearing a black trenchcoat came and knocked on my door.  This statement should be questioned somewhat. A person wearing a black trenchcoat during the summer in Florida is odd, but not the craziest thing anyone's ever seen probably... it does need to be explained though.. more detail is needed to conclude that this probably did happen. I should be able to explain the reason this happened adequately for somebody to believe that this actually happened.  3. Last night I was sitting in my room and the walls started bleeding, then several of our founding fathers' ghosts walked out of my closet and told me it was my mission to make sure that church and state remain seperate.  Everyone that hears me say that, should automatically say "no", until I provide some amazing, concrete proof of that. We know about the physical makeup of my bedroom walls, they can't bleed. The idea of ghosts from the past coming to visit people I would imagine is 100% foreign to just about everyone... so nobody's word should be taken on that either.    This is the problem with the resurrection and miracles of Jesus... believers think we should believe it's true and just give it the kind of inspection like in number 1 or maybe number 2, but they're things that nobody living today has actually witnessed anything similar to... it defies the laws of science and nature to the extent that we know them... and the closest evidence we have of them is a couple eye-witness accounts (questionably), which weren't even written within 15 years of his death. There is no rational basis for believing it based on this... ANY feasible explanation that falls within the realm of reason and nature should ALWAYS be taken over any explanation which turns to the supernatural and irrational."  -mD Well, I suppose that the reply it took me almost 5 minutes to type, a couple more to check and a couple to correct will not suffice now.
Hello again everyone:  I have been missing from the board for awhile. I hope to post more regularly but you never know. I say this as a precursor as you may not be able to debate me directly. I will give as much info as possible.  Two things:  1) There is evidence to SUGGEST that God exists.  2) There is no PROOF.  The evidence to suggest is in the lives of those who truly believe. Who's lives have been changed by God. I would say I am one of those. There is also evidence that is more circumstantial that many apologists would be familiar with. I am not an apologist but I will offer a few that I know of. Perhaps others better informed could offer more.  The bible provides some evidence. It was written by the hands of many over a very long period of time with a remarkably consistent theme. That is that faith in God provides for an eternal life with him, and a lack of faith results in an eternal death apart from him.  The earliest christians (those that likely knew Jesus or those that knew the apostles) died horrible and amazing deaths. If this were a known hoax (the ressurrection in particular) then they would have likely recanted, all of them. Yet several Romans write of the remarkable tenacity of the followers of Jesus. Pliny in particular.  Again, this is evidence only to suggest not prove. I cannot prove nor can anyone else. However, to say that there is no evidence even to suggest it is way beyond the realm of logic.  Thanks for hearing my 2 cents.
Okay, everyone. This post can live or die with this recommendation:  Tedster - if you will, please, when starting a debate about a belief, please do not include the word concrete. Even if you are talking about the driveway. Okay?  DangerousMann - When a thread starts with "Belief" in something, please don't bust bubbles by stating what needs to happen in order to prove something. Okay?  Now.  And thanks for your cooperation.  <Big Orn sighs&#8230;<
Would it be classified as beleiving in a god to just beleive a higher being exists in general? Also, one guy was argueing with me and told me that when god created man, that it didn't state anything about neandrethals but they do exist. He said that god created neandrethals along with man. Can anyone tell me how he can infer this when the bible just states Man  If that doesn't make sense, please tell me He may be referring to the difference between Genesis 1: 26 &#8211; 28 where the Bible stated that God created mankind with His spoken word like He created the other creatures and told them to go all over the earth and subdue it. I can understand this as being separate beings. These were not human beings as we are, these were the inhabitants he spoke into existence. Were they cavemen/Neanderthals? I don&#8217;t know. I haven&#8217;t found enough written proof of that yet. In the second chapter God &#8220;forms&#8221; man from the dust of the earth and breathes Life into him. He then takes a rib from man and makes woman. He also makes them a special place called Eden where they can live forever &#8211; if they do as He says. See the difference from what he tells mankind in Chapter 1 ( go all over the earth) to what he gives Adam and Eve (Eden &#8211; one place to live) in Chapter 2?  I hope this makes the cloud a little less dense.
If you wrote this in response to my post, please note that I said that there is no PHYSICAL evidence that suggests that God exists without the mindset that God exists.  Individuals who believe that God exists do not constitute physical evidence of God's existence. Their belief in God is the reason for their seemingly amazing actions. Their belief is in their mind (and/or their 'spirit'). It is based on faith. It is not based on physical evidence in reality.  The Bible is a book. It was written by human beings (allegedly inspired by God). What is written in the Bible are ideas that were in existence prior to being written down, or they could not have been written down. If there is a central theme of ideas for a segment of the population over a long period of time, the population will be able to continue to write of those similar ideas with great consistency. That still does not constitute physical evidence in reality that God exists. That is just evidence that a similar belief in God has existed over a 'long' period of time by a segment of the population.  I did not post directly in response to you although some of what you said is in there. I did respond to the question, mostly.  Your argument that a central theme over time can be followed is very innaccurate. People are people and by nature will glorify themselves or attempt to. If there were not an intervening God then the books of the bible would go in all variety of directions. In particular the Gospels but the bible as a whole, do not show God's people from "their best side" as it were.   The people of God we see are flawed and demanding and condescending and crude, and even downright mean. However, the bible also shows a great deal of dependence on God for their righteousness.   You are quite correct that there is precious little PHYSICAL evidence to prove the reality of God. I do think there is evidence to suggest it. Suggestion is just that, suggestion. It does not require a preponderance of the evidence at all.   Belief truly is belief and not evidence based. You are correct there as well. I do think there is plenty of reason to believe in God. Where things often go awry is whether or not there is reason to believe, specifically, in one of the many gods discussed in the many religions. They are very different although many will argue for the commanalities, the differences are still quite significant. Christianity, for instance, is the only religion that declares a person justified and sanctified, and glorified purely as gifts of God. All others demand some kind of performance from the individual to acquire "enlightenment", "heaven" or other alternate realities.   As I said I do not think I was responding specifically to you but an overall response as I have been away from the board for a while and was having to insert again slowly and generally.  Thanks for the discussion though.
I think religion as a whole has gone to the dogs you now have in place in politics. I feel it do,es not belong there you have born again sprout up like weeds and they seem to focus on how people should live they want everybody to live by there standards. I'm sorry but you have multiple cultures and different views and beliefs. And they do not like how others live I also feel that they are losing reality with god. I like the old church better. I like how people acted in the old days. They had more spirit & class. I am starting to think that a lot of religion is a big farce. Back in the 60s and the 70s we did not hear about Born agains were we live. Don't get me wrong I do believe in god but the way I was brought up.And I am not an athiest
Hmm. What do I believe? I believe that there's no way that God can't exist. In theory, there has to be one immortal Creator of superior intelligence. I could go into it, but I'll spare you the details. Just because I'm Christian, doesn't mean I have to hate you and lecture you on why Christianity is the One True Way and there is no other religion and this is really getting to be a run-on so I guess I'll just stop now.
In reality, there are no concrete 'reasons' for believing in God. If you believe in God, you believe based on faith. There is no incontrovertible physical evidence anywhere to even suggest that God exists... unless you first believe through faith that God exists.  This statement is wrong. People from hundreds of years before Jesus was born prophesied that a baby would be born, in Bethlehem, of a virgin. There were over 50 more prophesies that were made about his life, and the sacrafice he made to pay for the sins of man, and the bigest one of all...He completely fufilled scripture when he rose from the dead. These men were inspired by Jesus, God, how can you argue that he is not the christ? The odds of one man filling all the prophesies is impossible. And these scriptures have been unchanged for the past 2000-2500 approx years! Thats proof for me that Jesus existed and that he is God. PM me if you like.
 There HAS to be? Hmm... I don't think so. Why don't you go into it and spare us no details.  If you insist...  Let's say you go by Big Bang theory. Just because I actually believe it's true, to some extent. There were two "things" that bumped into each other, and the universe ensued. Yes, that makes sense to me. But where did they come from. The universe may have been formed from something as small as a fraction of a speck of dust. Maybe. Where'd the dust come from? How can there be nothing? Something must have been there. Something that made everything else. I like to call him "God."  You believe that Christianity is the 'One True Way.' And if it is... then it is. But your belief does not make it so. You believe Christianity is the one true way to live with God forever in heaven. However, this belief has underlying assumptions which are also beliefs, one of which is the assumption that God even exists. And if God exists, that God is like the God described in the Bible.  You're 100% right. There's no way to be sure. What I believe is virtually useless. Unless I go out and kill a million people because of what I believe. That would be... er, bad. For lack of a better word.  I don't believe you have to be Christian to get into heaven. I don't care what others say. I refuse to believe that a rabbi is going to hell. That's just... stupid.  These are things that can only be accepted through faith. It is not possible to KNOW these things... only to BELIEVE.  Yes. I find it's quite more calming to believe in something, though. You have less a chance of going insane.
Along these lines, then... who or what 'made' God? Your answer will likely be that God wasn't made, but always has existed, right? If God has always existed, why couldn't that 'speck of dust' always have existed?  Because a speck of dust has no energy force. It can't "create itself." I'm not saying that God created himself, I'm saying that a speck of dust cannot spontaneously combust by its own will. It has no will.  Nothing can create itself. There is no logical way that something can come from nothing without an outside force. There has to be something eternal.
Why does it have to be male? Or god?  God has no gender. *shrug* If there's an infinite being of superior intelligence, that's pretty much my definition of "God." Call him what you like.  Stupid or not, that's what the Bible says. It would seem that these days, people just pick and choose what they want to believe from the Bible. I understand that the Bible is able to be interpreted different ways, but people-- come on! It seems that people only believe what suits them instead of taking the whole thing as a package deal.  The Bible says:  From the Gospel According to John 14:6 Jesus said to him, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father, except through me."  Jesus died to save all people. He didn't pick and choose His followers. He loves us all, and some people just don't know any better.  I'll also point out that in the first century, the entire Bible was rewritten to emphasize Ultimate Paternity. Who knows what else they changed? Quite frankly, I wouldn't put it past them.  Er, I don't quite understand this. Me and my voices here have been wondering what this means, but we haven't reached a conlcusion. Could you help us? ;)  Sorry, that's my braincell's fault. It hasn't been in the mood for constructing coherent sentences lately.  If you don't believe in something, then you believe in nothing. Which means that you trust nothing. Which means you don't trust yourself. If you can't trust yourself, who can you trust? No one. So you can't believe anything anyone says. Including what you say. So what you say isn't true. And then if you try to take back what you said that was wrong, you must be lying. Because you can't trust yourself.  Just typing that made me feel dizzy. *wanders off to find ice pack*
Your wrong, God does feel affection, at least the God in my Bible. Why else would God repeatedly woe the Isrealites turning their backs on him and worshipping other gods? He loves you, that's affection.   Lonelyness, I don't think so. He has angels, and he is a Truine God. And he has an infinite imagination and infinite power. I think he could figure out something to do. (But he did create Angels and Humans to worship him....and he has Angel's still left even if we're rebelllious)   Did that answer your question?
I ask you how we can know something that does not already exist? We know science and math, because the patterns existed before we did, leading way to out discovery. Man does not create concepts of his own, but all ideas come from simplified ideas all mixed together. Take a unicorn for example; we've all seen a horse, and a horn, so if you combine the two ideas, you have a unicorn. Furthermore, if God was to create man in his image, I believe that means something besides the physical. How can the eternal, which transcends the physical, in itself be physical? I believe we cannot comprehend Gods true form, so instead, he gives us the mental image of a perfect human form as a guideline (since we are so needy). So if God made us in his image, meaning the sould in this case, then we would have many of the same traits as He would. How can we have something that He did not create? It doesn't make sense? How can there be a specification that the manufacturer did not notice, especially when the design was perfect? So God must have emotions, because if not, then why did men love in the first place if we knew not what it was?
Would you believe that He has felt every emotion - good and bad - that has ever been and that will ever be? If you believe in the God of the Bible, I suppose you must believe it. He has not only felt those things, but has dealt with them and has subdued them.  I can see the benefit of that.  Now we can introduce ourselves to that discipline by reaching out spiritually. The out-of-body experience of thrillers and horror shows deals with the melodramatic, fictitious side of it, but the physical benefits of believers is a more constructive, positive approach.  Nearer, Oh Lord, to Thee is not just a string of notes.
I would imagine that God would be very sad and depressed... because thats the way I feel when I see famine, war, dying children, people hating people for no good reason and the list goes on...... Maybe his guilt is so overwhelming this is what prevents him from showing up.  Guilt? Guilt over what? God gave man the power of free will. We do not experience anything that we have not brought upon ourselves. Famine, war, bigotry, all done by mans hand last time I checked. He gave us the gift of existence, and I'm grateful for that. I don't expect Him to come down, take me by the hand and lead me through life with the rest of the world. He gave us the power to choose, the rest is up to us.
If we were created in God's image, then it would make sense that equally our emotions are a reflection of God's emotions. That our emotions are imperfect versions of his.  Of course I would personally say that when man invented god, they felt the need to give him human characteristics in order to make their invention more understandable. And to assist in the oppression of others by the ever-present threat of an 'angry god who will smite you'. An 'ambivalent god who is above that sort of thing' just isn't as good at convincing people that whatever you say is right.  Man cannot invent anything that did not already exist in form. Did we invent the wheel, or discover the idea? Did the Wright brothers invent machine powered flight, or was it that they stumbled upon it? In every culture, in every society, man looks to something greater than himself. They simple don't leave it at themselves and be done with it.
A Russian scientist visiting an American University said "Either there is a God or there isn't. Both possibilities are frightening!" This is so true. If there is a God, we need to find out who He is and what he wants. If there is no God, we are in trouble. We are then hurtling through space at 66,000 mph and no one is in charge. If you ask me, both possibilities are extremely frightening. So I look at your question I see that it first assumes that there is a God and it questions the "who He is and what he wants" aspect of this situation. So if He is perfect can he have emotions? And are human emotions really 'human' or something we get from God when he made us in his image? Well, I'm not gonna quote scripture but the Bible implies that God doesn't just have love but he is love itself. For some strange reason this makes sense to me, because we know the physical aspects of this world but we hardly experience the spiritual aspects of our souls, we can kinda sense that there's more to ourselves then brains that have feelings because of chemical reactions. Yet it's very easy to write it off as just that. Since the question assumes the existence of a God we then have decided that there is this Spirit that exists as a spirit (along with Jesus who came to earth in physical form) we can then decide that we have souls inside ourselves (well not so much inside ourselves as actually ourselves). These souls were made in Gods image, emotions we feel aren't weakness our sinful natures can make us feel rage and hatred and it's okay to hate what is evil (people aren't evil they've just fallen) we can hate sin in the same way God does. God hates the sin but loves the sinner just as we all should.
So that would mean that every religion ever conceived must be totally correct, as it can't have been invented if it didn't already exist.  Equally the giant pink and blue aardvark of flaming destruction that I just invented must already exist as well. Cool.  Haha, no not like that. It's not the fact that every religion is right, or that their god exists, but A god. I've already said that we cannot invent anything that is not already. (I love philosophy, but it's so hard to word correctly) Does that make sense. And while not all gods are true, the idea of a god is.
That's one of the reasons I've begun objecting publically against Christianity. God wants so much for you to deny your human senses and instead turn toward misery, the sackcloth and ashes bit, subdue your emotions and please the Lord.   I enjoy my senses and emotions to the maximum. You said Christianity. Is that what you meant? I never learned it that way, nor have I read it that way. I love my emotions - glad He made them. Although, I had hard time subduing some of them...you know: Lust, greed...the bad ones. emoticon_smile
Yeah, I do understand where you are coming from actually, I was just being facetious. Sorry. But I don't agree.  However as God hasn't been 'discovered' yet, at least not beyond reasonable doubt, I think it is still reasonable to suppose that he could just be an invention of man.  True, but why would God want to be discovered like you want Him to? So many today think that God can be proven away with a litmus test or found in a beaker. It just isn't so. Science cannot discover what goes beyond its scope.
We should debate those deadly sins sometime Big Orn, just to see how fatal they are. For instance, who did you allow to define greed to you? You have so soon forgotten that I have not always been a Christian? Bad choices, the wretched, far-reaching hands of time, and life in general have played a big part in my upbringing.
No, I haven't forgotten that, but in answer to my question: how did you come to identify greed? It was not easy finding that I had limitations early in life. It actually cut me pretty deep, not being able to have what the other kids had. We were not poor, but we had only enough to get by on. With me wearing cheap lace-up boots while the other boys had penny loafers, sneakers, Tony Lama&#8217;s or the like, I grew to want more than I needed. It changed me. I was no longer who I once was it seemed. It was really akin to depravity. Of course I didn&#8217;t understand that until I was a little older. It made me feel inferior not to have what others had. I felt like I was being mistreated in some way. It finally got to the point that it gave me a complex. I was unable to communicate with others without the urge to hang my head. I hid this for awhile, but the man-in-the-mirror had it written all over his face. Suppression came along, I dealt with it, and it became a part of my life. Soon it was my life. Then one day I decided to really find out if God was real and without telling Him, He pulled it out (like a paper hidden in my pocket &#8211; so to speak) and told me it was not necessary to keep anymore. So I defined it, I guess, but God made it clear.
I do take your point here totally. I am just saying that the statement that 'God can't be invented because humanity can only discover, not invent' would only be applicable if he had been proven by 'litmus and beaker' as you say. This is not to say this means he doesn't exist at all, just that it isn't a valid argument in this case to confirm his existance.  Yes, that is true. But I find God's existence in the beauty and the uniformity of the universe. The universe, while chaotic in a sense, has a sort of uniformity that keeps everything running on schedule, and if not, then we could simply be jumping in and out of reality as chaos determined. While this is an interesting idea and something you should at least wonder about, I don't think it's so. My definition of God is taken from the philosopher Anselm (I will not quote, for I do not remember it with clarity) who said something like this; the idea of God Himself is perfection. When you speak of God you imagine (as well as an imperfect being can, I suppose) a perfect being. Is it more perfect to exist or not to exist, to remain an idea or to fulfill the potential of being? Since it is better to exist than to not, God therefore must exist, for the definition of God is perfect. That's one of the ways I view things.
"A sinner can't find God for the same reasons a thief can't find a policeman." --- From the book "God doesn't believe in atheists" by Ray Comfort
There is what is called the "Buying Back" theory: God created a perfect world but in order for a perfect physical world to exist, imperfection must be possible. When the human race fell into sin (the imperfection) the world came down along with it. God then sent his son to make it possible for perfection in the world again. So now God is buying back the world into perfection and in the end will destroy sin.  Note that perfection is possible spiritually, but this is why Christians still sin, they are in physical bodies and a physical realm. The key is not that they deny emotions but strive to be Christlike, Christ showed emotions on earth he even showed rage when he threw out the money changers in the temple but he did not give into any kind of temptation and only did God's will.
That's one of the reasons I've begun objecting publically against Christianity. God wants so much for you to deny your human senses and instead turn toward misery, the sackcloth and ashes bit, subdue your emotions and please the Lord.   I enjoy my senses and emotions to the maximum.  If I may butt in here........  God does not want you to deny your emotions. He does not want you to let them rule you either. There are actions that could benefit many if we can but get past our fear. God does want us to feel our emotions, to know them and understand them. We have them for a reason. It is not so that we obey their thrust. They are a clue as to what is going on in us.   The subduing of emotions (all of them by the way, not just ones typically identified as bad) is simply bringing them under submission to the will. It is how some people can behave heroically. They do what they know is the right thing to do even though they don't really feel like it.  Not heroic, but even for myself, I grew up with an alcoholic father. I learned as a child that if I did not take care of myself then no one else would. Consequently, I treated people as if they are suspect. Unfortunately, I have brought those feelings into my marriage. It is a poor way for a wife to live in relation to her husband when he treats her as always suspect. I have to unlearn what my emotions tell me. I have to learn the new way of thinking. I have to choose to treat my wife like she is on my side, even though it doesn't feel that way.  Emotions tell us where things come from. In the above example, my fear that my wife is against me (when she is obviously not) is unfounded, so where does it come from. I recognize the emotion, feel it, realize its origin and then take it to God for Him to help me to deal with it. He (through prayer, meditation, study etc, helps me to learn to think differently.   You can feel free to come out publicly against christianity (naturally), but you should educate yourself about it and don't assume what a few teach that all teach. It is very prejudicial to do that.   Thanks
But if he doesn't want us do deny emotions, then why does he condemn several of them as 'sins'. These are natural human emotions that need to be understood, to indiscriminately label them all as just sins, no matter the cause or outcome seems very repressive.  Is lust bad, an emotion that reduces men (and women, can't forget them can we?) to nothing more than a dog? I think it is, and if anything it would be a sin to crave something such as sex as nothing more than a gratifying act with no meaning behind it. Greed, is that not bad or a "sin"? Do we not already judge those who show this sign of behavior (think Enron)? We ourselves judge people guilty of sins, whether or not we find our definition of sin from a holy book or our own understanding? We judge, and may not clarify it as sin, but we judge still.
I don't quite follow what you mean by that, could you extrapolate?   Hmm alright... I'll give it a try.  Ok, so let's say the universe is only chaotic and random. By random, I mean that there is no constant and that existence is real at various points by the roll of the cosmos' dice. If that would be true, then existence (what we perceive to be true; everyday life, you, me, everyone) would not exist in a stream, but in short fragments. Look at it this way. Imagine that the characters in a book are real, and only have existence when being read. So, with that laid on the table (yeah, I know, this is weird) you're reading a book, and the characters in the book are experiencing existence. But then you put down the book to take a short break and grab a snack. The universe for them stops, but are they aware of it, or is the lapse of their existence as seamless as dozing off without realizing it, coming right back into play whenever you decide to get back into it? So if we exist at random intervals, then would we know it? I hope that clarified somehow.  This of course assumes that it is possible for pure perfection to exist, which is something I personally don't believe can. Very interesting however...  But if pure perfection exists, would we ourselves be able to experience the breadth of it, not being perfect ourselves?
But if he doesn't want us do deny emotions, then why does he condemn several of them as 'sins'. These are natural human emotions that need to be understood, to indiscriminately label them all as just sins, no matter the cause or outcome seems very repressive.  The emotions are never labled as sin. The actions are the sins. The emotions MAY be indicative of a sinful heart. This is why we don't deny them. Sex outside of marriage is not an emotion it is an action. A choice. Murder, Idolatry, covetousness is even not an emotion but an action. envy would be an example of the emotion. To envy your neighbor's new jaguar XJ is an emotion, to compete with your neighbor by making the car the most important thing in your life and denying your family so you can drive a similar car, that is covetousness. Adultry is an action, and so on.  Lust is an indication of desire for something forbidden. While it is an emotion and jesus says he who looks on another woman with lust in his heart has committed the sin of adultery, the point Jesus is making is that the condition of the heart is what is important. It is an indicator that I have put sexual relations with a woman who is not my wife above God. I have now begun to treat this woman as an object. That is the true sin, not the emotion, but rather the way I think about this woman. The emotion is what notifies us of problems in our thinking and actions, it is why they are there. To make them paramount over our thinking is sinful, to ignore them altogether is just as sinful.  Does that explain my position better?   edited note:  Also, people are not to judge others because only God can know that condition of the heart. We should be wary of others that regularly display sinful behavior as they may not be trustworthy. That does not imply condemnation on our part,just caution. As for God deciding on who gets to be condemned, who would you rather have decide that, you? Me? Bush? Clinton? I think a God that sent His Son to take the punishment for the Sin of the world is the one who deserves to be judge. What he states is that you have a choice to be judged by your behavioror by identification with His Son. You decide the choice is yours. If you go to Hell that is your choice not His. He wanted so much for you to be with Him that He sent His Son. Had he removed the choice altogether then that would not be love, but rather compliance on our part. He wants us to WANT to be with Him.
Does God have emotions? I don't believe that God wants for anything, in the sense that He needs.  It is difficult for us to rationally think about He that 'is', as He is beyond all comprehension.  God is love, but ascribing an attribute does not limit Him, it merely shows that we need to try to comprehend, and we have only the tools of limited intellect, and poor language.
I understand your position, but it seems to me to be a more sensible position based on Christian teachings, rather than the direct teachings of the bible itself. The 'seven deadly sins' for example, all appear to be condemned emotions. Listing them in such a way doesn't appear to say that it is the action that is the sin, but the very emotion itself.   But this does not make it a sin. It is an indication that something is wrong with the relationship, but not a sin. I see this the equivalent of saying that 'pain is a sin', labelling the effect and not the cause as the problem.  When you say that it is not a sin, then you misunderstand 'sin' in the Christian sense.  God gave us choices, follow Him, or disobey Him.  He drew our attention to what He 'wants' and these include moral laws.  If you disobey these laws, even if you don't think there's anything wrong with it, it matters not, for it is still a sin, and causes your separation from God.  Pain, spiritual hurt, is an indication of sin. It is not natural. We know it, and we feel it.
I don't think a young boy wanting a nicer pair of boots is a good definition of greed. It's more about experiencing what it is to be human, IMO, and finding positive ways to get oneself into a new pair.   I think you made my point Big Orn: whip out the sackcloth and start sprinkling yourself. Anything more is troubling to God. If he leaned over his throne and saw you wearing a shiny new pair of Justin's, well, let's say his eyebrows would furrow. Learning, billsco&#8230;learning. That&#8217;s the key. Not just what we want, but what God wants. &#8220;Seek ye first the Kingdom of God&#8230;&#8221; Matthew 6:33. And it has nothing to do with the boots, but what they represented. They were a form of God, a replacement god so to speak. They were objects that gave me satisfaction, a buffer against poverty, a crutch. Little did I know that they had the potential to drive me towards enslavement, and did, later, to a point. Experiencing what is required to be human sometimes leads us to the realization that we truly need God &#8211; even though we have no idea who He really is.  And, it doesn&#8217;t matter to Him how we find him because every angle ever taken He has seen or felt before&#8230;He&#8217;s been there in the flesh.
But is lust, for example, in itself a sin? Or is it necessary to act on this for it to become a sin? I would say that the Bible states it is not just the act, but the emotion, which is the sin.  So if the very feeling of lust is disobeying the laws, then what chance to we have of obeying them as our inherant nature forces us to do otherwise?  Lust is a sin, by its very nature it is an un-natural craving or excessive desire.  Jesus said that if you look upon a woman lustfully, then you have already committed adultery.  Just like when you eat, or over-eat, there is a difference, though they are similar (one is an extreme or over-doing of the other).  Love isn't just opposed by Hate, but also by Lust.  In a sense we have no chance of obeying the laws, in that we are part of the flawed world - flawed since the Fall of Adam... when sin entered the world.  We try, and we pray to God, and God wants us to be with Him, so by His grace we are returned to Him - which is natural. When we turn away from Him that is what is un-natural.    We are born to be returned to God. It is our purpose... as a child returns to its mother.
I understand your position, but it seems to me to be a more sensible position based on Christian teachings, rather than the direct teachings of the bible itself. The 'seven deadly sins' for example, all appear to be condemned emotions. Listing them in such a way doesn't appear to say that it is the action that is the sin, but the very emotion itself.   But this does not make it a sin. It is an indication that something is wrong with the relationship, but not a sin. I see this the equivalent of saying that 'pain is a sin', labelling the effect and not the cause as the problem.  By looking at the seven deadly sins you limit yourself to the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church and miss out the position of the protestants,of which I am one. Your last paragraph is correct except that lust is an emotion coupled with an action. The actions are sinful.   As well, there are two types of sin. There is the noun and the verb. I have sin. NOun. I sin, verb.   Here is the last thing. The majority of protestant churches teach salvation by Grace through faith regardless of the sins committed.   Montalban could speak more clearly on the orthodox positon and maximus on the catholic. I think the three of us have some dogmatic disagreement but all think all three would say the nicene creed is true. (doctrine).  Lastly, it is wrong, completely wrong for any human to condemn another. It is right for God to condemn as the definer of all things. If God is perfect, and the christian doctrine says he is, then He is the only one for whom it is right to be in the positon of judge.  We in our judicial system may condemn to prison or physical death, but only the creator has the right to condemn to final death. Personally, I would not want anyone else to do it. No one else would know enough.  Identification with Jesus is what leads to salvation. This is not just avoidance of punishment,but actually being declared righteous, and being adopted into the family of GOd. It is choice offered to all. God will not force it because he desires love, not compliance.   MOntalban: God does experience emotions. Jesus showed anger when he drove out the money changers at the temple (and I know the orthodox consider Jesus to be God). He also said to Jerusalem "how I long to gather you under my wings.) He cried in the garden before his crucifixion. He felt the shame of the cross. In the psalms God describes himself as a jealous God. (not jealous of but rather jealous for). God states frequently what he desires. These are all emotions. God certainly experiences them. You would have a difficult time scripturally proving otherwise. God does not sin.   This all only goes to prove my point that emotions in and of themselves are part of how we are made and are not sinful. Denying our emotions only leads us into slavery to them. Recognizing, admitting, and discovering what they mean are vital to our growth, physically, emotionally, spiritually.   I hope this answers well. I apologize for the tardiness of the response. I am still not online as often as I want. Thanks for your graciousness with time to respond.  Epaphras
Prove it. That Jeesus leads us to salvation. emoticon_xangel emoticon_xangel  1) Jesus doesn't just lead us, he is salvation. 2) just how would you like me to prove it? 3) Your statement that the devil lives on takes as much faith as believing that jesus lives on. 4) quit being obstreporous and actually enter a rational discussion
I totally disagree with your definition. Lust is sexual desire, and as such totally natural.  I pretty much see this with all the 'sins', they are natural desires, not good or bad in them selves. True on the whole they are some of the more 'destructive' ones, but that does not make them wrong, or something to be oppressed.  In my mind the sins are natural emotions because the church knows we cannot help feeling them. By keeping subjects guilty over their very humanity it can keep them under it's control.  Love leads to desire  Hate leads to lust   It is true we oft sin, but it is not our natural state, but is a consequence of the fall.
I think the issue of the seven deadly sins is rather a red-herring.  They are simply one church's attempt to categorise sins, because (some) people want to know what to do and what not to do, to avoid separating themselves from God.  One poster here seems to suggest that Protestants believe that God's Grace will be conferred regardless of the sin committed. In fact Jesus did say that one sin will not be forgiven, that of an insult against the Holy Spirit. Matthew 12 31 And so I tell you, every sin and blasphemy will be forgiven men, but the blasphemy against the Spirit will not be forgiven.  However, James Hogg lampooned this Protestant notion in his book (which from memory)* is called "Confessions of a Justified Sinner" in which he says that once he's received his justification -through declaration of faith, as Protestants do, then he is free from worry, and can commit any sin he wants.  It also is problematic to Protestants who believe that they are 'saved', when one realises that some, just one or two, might actually convert to another faith - does this mean that they become 'un-saved'?  Further, Heb.10 says... 26 If we deliberately keep on sinning after we have received the knowledge of the truth, no sacrifice for sins is left, 27 but only a fearful expectation of judgment and of raging fire that will consume the enemies of God.  So to those that are 'saved', if you now sin, your condemned to hell!  But leaving that aside, sin is that which separates us from God. Lust is a negative form of behaviour.   * I've got the book somewhere, but my memory's fading. :-)
I know this has nothing to do with either your post or the thread, but something occurred to me when reading it.  If Jesus is the only way to salvation what of those people who lived before the 1st coming (if that is the correct term!). If Jesus is the only way then they cannot have been saved, however if salvation didn't require Jesus before hand then isn't it a bit unfair to have the goal posts moved like that?  Romans 2 deals with this. Specifically 14 for when Gentiles, who do not have the law, by nature do the things in the law, these, although not having the law, are a law to themselves,   That is, the spirit of God is in everyone's hearts and people will be judged by that.... that is why you'll find murder is condemned in most societies, etc.
But what of a hatred of an inequality, that leads to social change for the better? Hatred of an injustice that saves the same happening to others?  Now we are getting into semantics. Like "If I hate the enemy of my friend am I doing the right thing?" It's very easy to play that game. The Jews were caught up in squabbles over the law.  Lust is wrong.  Hate is wrong.  Fighting hate with hate is wrong.  Lust is also just an emotion, a natural reaction to what we find attractive that works inherently for the continuation of the species. And in sociological terms as well it can be positive, a marriage with no lust in it is not a very positive thing and is probably doomed.  Lust is a negative reaction. It is a form of hate. If I hate my neighbour, I desire what he has, that is, I want to deprive him of what is his.  Lust is also a form of self-hate. I hate myself, so I don't respect others; and I want to own/control them, or use them for my own pleasure.  And of marriage? Love is what you feel for your partner if you respect them. If you see your partner as an object, a means of self-pleasure then you lust after them.  Lust in marriage is liken to rape.
I know this has nothing to do with either your post or the thread, but something occurred to me when reading it.  If Jesus is the only way to salvation what of those people who lived before the 1st coming (if that is the correct term!). If Jesus is the only way then they cannot have been saved, however if salvation didn't require Jesus before hand then isn't it a bit unfair to have the goal posts moved like that?  I am enjoying this discussion. As to this, MOntalban is on the right track. Hebrews chapter 11 also answers this question. However, from a philosophical view consider:  1 God created time. 2. God acts both inside and outside time (as the creator of it this is natural). 3. Jesus salvation extends in both directions of time. 4. Believers were justified by faith in God prior to the first coming. (hebrews chapter 11) 5. In genesis the story of Abram/Abraham says "abram believed God and it was accounted to him as righteousness" 6. The trusting Jesus is that we believe God that Jesus is the way (Jesus is also God by the way).   Now on to the topic:  You see, the majority of christians do seem to act the way you say. It is a sad commentary for the church. Believers lives really ought to look different. If we truly believe what GOd has said, we should act that way. Just as an atheist believes there is no God then they act that way. Lying becomes just a necessary tool in the hands of an atheist.   My church is different. Or at least, I think so. I have seen many people come in hurting. I have seen them reveal their addictions to those they trusted in the church and watched the members say, "you are okay" They have said this even if they did not stop their addiction (sin). GOd has declared me righteous. If I have an addiction (mine is codependency) then the church should be a place where the sick, sore, wounded and hated can come and find healing, rest, and love. This is what my church believes.  We are not perfect. In fact we fail often. But then we are human beings. God gives us the mercy and grace to fail. In Romans chapter 7 paul describes it as thus: "I do the very thing I don't want to do and the thing I want to do, I don't do." He then asks the question "who will save me from the body of this sin?" He also answers, "thanks be to Jesus Christ." He then goes on to say, "There is therefore, now, no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus..."(Romans 8:1).  Perhaps the difference is my church believes that we all sin. We are not better than you because we are christian. Even a blind squirrel gets an acorn. I am one blessed squirrel. I am not better than you. I am living under the grace of GOd. You can too. Just because you may choose not to, does not make me better than you. Those that condemn, do so out of their flawed selves. That does not make you better than them. We are all flawed. The question is how are you and I going to deal with that. We can try to live up to the law of God and be perfect all on our own. However, given that we are flawed, that is impossible. It is only by trusting in the grace of God that it is at all possible.  That is my take at least.  MOntalban: I would like to comment on one thing you said. I do think that sin is our natural state. I think you meant to say it was not our original state.
To sglaine: Could you please become more literate in your posting and start to check your grammar? I'm not to worried about spelling, but when you don't include full stops that does make it hard to understand where you end one point and start talking about a new one.  But it is still wrong because if you see god or talk to god your NUTS[.] God is dead and has been for quit[e] a while now.    You are very incorrect. Jesus Christ (and especially God the Father!), is not dead. He is alive, as explained through John 20. He has been successful in conquering sin and death. Did you know that the Christian belief is the only one - to my knowledge - that talks about a risen Saviour, i.e. is alive today? What an amazing LORD we have. One who would freely give His life to save man kind from an eternity of pain and suffering with the devil in hell. Just to think that Jesus would have done that for me (and for you) is just amazing and it illustrates His (and God the Father's) LOVE for us. In fact, John 3:16 tells us that "God so loved the world that He sent His one and only Son so that everyone who believes in Him will not die but have eternal life." What a great promise! So hence, since Jesus Christ is alive, and the Holy Spirit is everywhere, is it not alright to talk to God? I do so on regular occassions.  This verse alone disproves all of those who say that God has no feelings or emotions. And I can tell you, there are many other such verses that describes God's feelings. It is from Him where we get our feelings and emotions from (including our morals, ethics and values, etc.).  As for the devil you mentioned, he will get his punishment as Revelation 20 says.
I think the issue of the seven deadly sins is rather a red-herring.  They are simply one church's attempt to categorise sins, because (some) people want to know what to do and what not to do, to avoid separating themselves from God.   This seems to imply that protestant churches don't believe in the seven deadly sins, is this true?  Making a list of, or grouping sins is besides the point, hence the use of the term red-herring.  However, James Hogg lampooned this Protestant notion in his book (which from memory)* is called "Confessions of a Justified Sinner" in which he says that once he's received his justification -through declaration of faith, as Protestants do, then he is free from worry, and can commit any sin he wants.    This is exactly my problem in many respects too. Christians seem to concerned with the sin itself (which can be repented easily enough) as oppose to the actual causes and consequences of the action. Yes I know this is not how God intends it, but it is still my impression of how a lot of believers act.  Romans 2 deals with this.   Cheers, I'll have a look.   Well I did give you the relevant verse, but no worries.  Now we are getting into semantics. Like "If I hate the enemy of my friend am I doing the right thing?"   I'd argue semantics over your use of the term semantics here! But anyway... While hate is for the most part a destructive emotion, it can and has been channelled and used for good. I disagree with seeing it in such black and white terms.  You have said you disagree with the definitions but then ask for the definitions. I am confused.  I have stated that sin is the removal of us from God, and stated an example; lust. Which you then say is not a sin, but a positive, and then ask what is sin?   Lust is a negative reaction. It is a form of hate. If I hate my neighbour, I desire what he has, that is, I want to deprive him of what is his.    Sure, in some cases it can be negative, but so can everything. What of lust for one you love, how can that be negative?  That's rather odd. If love transforms to lust then it's no longer love! You can't have negative love. It's like saying I've painted my house black-white. Hate is negative.  Lust is also a form of self-hate. I hate myself, so I don't respect others; and I want to own/control them, or use them for my own pleasure.    I totally disagree. I have lust for many, many things. It is a natural desire, it doesn't mean I hate myself, or want control or ownership over others.  Yes, I understand that you do disagree, but I'm still confused as to what it is you're driving at. I state the Christian view, which is what you want, then you say that lust is good... that a negative is good.   And of marriage? Love is what you feel for your partner if you respect them. If you see your partner as an object, a means of self-pleasure then you lust after them.   In my relationships I have had strong love and lust for my partner. The two aren't mutually exclusive. To lust after something isn't necessarily objectification, it is a deep desire for someone on a physical and emotional level. It does not mean any loss of respect.  I would expect that you would get them confused. Even finding two people being negative does not make a positive.  Lust in marriage is liken to rape.   It certainly isn't rape. In fact I'd say sex without lust is more like rape, because it is missing the inherent desire for the act.  No, desire from love leads to respectful marriage. Sex can be a result of love, or of hate. If you love, your coming together for sex is not for yourself, but for the other. If you lust, then you are acting upon your own desires, and possibly your partner is doing the same thing, so you believe that just because you're both using each other to get off, that it's love. That's more like a social contract - let's have sex with each other, so that you'll pleasure me, and I'll pleasure you.  In your case perhaps, it is the act of two individuals coming together to use one another, and feeling good, because you both at least got something out of it.  Love would be let me give myself to you, let me make you happy, let me cease to be.
Ok, you're saying that if anyone every wants anything or is envious (see also "covets") of a neighbour's possession, that means that I hate that person because of it. Isn't that how most people end up wanting something, because they see someone who has it and they imagine themselves with it. This does not mean that they hate that person because they desire the object in their possession because by that logic you are assuming that the only way to procure said object is to steal from or kill that person which is most likely not the case. Competing for resources is a natural instinct, so wanting something that my neighbour wants is purely an instictual urge to compete with my neighbour. And competition is not inherently evil, is it?  Also, is it wrong to harbor a feeling and not act on it? Most dictionaries will say that lust is a purely mental concept that requires no action. Is it wrong to feel sexually attracted to someone because of their looks? This is also instinctual. Why would a religion support the supression of instinctive emotions conveniently labeled lust and envy? Or does this go back to the orignial flaw that caused the Original Sin? If so, it was God's wish to give us the capacity to lust and envy, so who are we to say otherwise. Anyway you put it, I can't see how a religion can justify condemning thoughts of lust and envy without action (unless they're the Thought Police), as the definitions of these words do not imply physical action at all but merely a mental action.  Covets, means wants  v. coveted, coveting, covets  v. tr. To feel blameworthy desire for (that which is another's). See Synonyms at envy. To wish for longingly. See Synonyms at desire. http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=covet  If we really love God, we shalt not want for anything. (doesn't mean 'need')  Love is being selfless.
Haven't read any of the thread, and only the title. The answer is simple, "no". Emotions are the result of various electrochemical reactions and synaptic discharges; that is, they are physical. God is spirit - He is not in emotions. He is in morality. By "love" we, of course, do not mean the emotion - that would be absurd. By love I mean that which multiplies and facilitates goodness.
Haven't read any of the thread, and only the title. The answer is simple, "no". Emotions are the result of various electrochemical reactions and synaptic discharges; that is, they are physical. God is spirit - He is not in emotions. He is in morality. By "love" we, of course, do not mean the emotion - that would be absurd. By love I mean that which multiplies and facilitates goodness.  I would submit that your definition of emotion as mere chemical reaction ASSUMES the non existence of God. If you compare God to this definition it is nonsensical. If you assume there is a God then by necessity He has emotions. There is nothing, nothing, nothing, either historical or scriptural to imply that God, any God, doesn't have emotions. There is no nonemotive God in any theology. Ever.   The only one I can think of also denies the existence of God and that is the whole scientology stuff.
Look if you think that God has emotions you better find a mental health worker. Also I don't think he said that there was no God. Just a tidbit: http://home.neo.rr.com/bradspad/ocean_of_emotion.htm
Look if you think that God has emotions you better find a mental health worker. Also I don't think he said that there was no God.  On what do you base your reasoning for saying God does not have emotions. Kind of you to attack and insult and not back up your argument. If I am talking about the God of the bible, and I am then I have shown scripture to point to God's emotions. For you to say that I need a mental health worker is ad hominem at best. At worst you are showing yourself to be silly.
I would submit that your definition of emotion as mere chemical reaction ASSUMES the non existence of God. If you compare God to this definition it is nonsensical. If you assume there is a God then by necessity He has emotions. There is nothing, nothing, nothing, either historical or scriptural to imply that God, any God, doesn't have emotions. There is no nonemotive God in any theology. Ever.   The only one I can think of also denies the existence of God and that is the whole scientology stuff.Please explain to me how a definition of emotion can assume the non-existence of God. There have certainly been gods in the past without emotions - what are you talking about? Many religions propose an impersonal god - do you think that they attribute emotions to such an entity? That is what emotions are; you may not like it (which there really is no reason not to; as you know - I'm a theist), but that does not remove the actual reality of them. They are but electrochemical reactions and the like that occur in the brain. God is not about emotions. God is not physical.
Haven't read any of the thread, and only the title. The answer is simple, "no". Emotions are the result of various electrochemical reactions and synaptic discharges; that is, they are physical. God is spirit - He is not in emotions. He is in morality. By "love" we, of course, do not mean the emotion - that would be absurd. By love I mean that which multiplies and facilitates goodness.  God IS love.
I am enjoying this discussion. As to this, Montalban is on the right track. Hebrews chapter 11 also answers this question. However, from a philosophical view consider:  1 God created time. 2. God acts both inside and outside time (as the creator of it this is natural). 3. Jesus salvation extends in both directions of time. 4. Believers were justified by faith in God prior to the first coming. (hebrews chapter 11) 5. In genesis the story of Abram/Abraham says "abram believed God and it was accounted to him as righteousness" 6. The trusting Jesus is that we believe God that Jesus is the way (Jesus is also God by the way).  Here, we don't agree at all. I find it odd the choice of words 'on the right track'. That is what Orthodoxy is, 'the Way', containing the full and unaltered teachings of Christ.  Man is not 'justified', there is no contract with God, in which Jesus was the price paid for the contract. We are called to God because we are by nature inclined to do so - to return to Him. Sin however is in the world, and we too are a part of this world, and influenced by this. Satan is always actively trying to deceive us and many find this temptation too great.  Justificiation is a new doctrine, and not how St. Paul understood things at all. See  http://www.romanity.org/htm/rom.10.en.original_sin_according_to_st._paul.01.htm      Now on to the topic:  You see, the majority of christians do seem to act the way you say. It is a sad commentary for the church. Believers lives really ought to look different. If we truly believe what GOd has said, we should act that way. Just as an atheist believes there is no God then they act that way. Lying becomes just a necessary tool in the hands of an atheist.   My church is different. Or at least, I think so. I have seen many people come in hurting. I have seen them reveal their addictions to those they trusted in the church and watched the members say, "you are okay" They have said this even if they did not stop their addiction (sin). GOd has declared me righteous. If I have an addiction (mine is codependency) then the church should be a place where the sick, sore, wounded and hated can come and find healing, rest, and love. This is what my church believes.  That is my take at least.  Again I have qualms. We don't go to church to feel good. I'm not sure if this is what you are meaning, but that's how it sounds to me.  MOntalban: I would like to comment on one thing you said. I do think that sin is our natural state. I think you meant to say it was not our original state.  You are correct here, I am wrong to have said so. Ta, for pointing it out.  Sin is not 'natural' as Adam didn't have sin when he was created. But it did enter into the world through his fault.
God IS love.I completely agree; but, like I said, God is not the courtly emotion that you feel at your teenage years, neither is he a way to express your like of a sandwich. Unfortunately, the word "love" in the English language is near enough entirely corrupt; there's no contradiction with saying that you "love your food". In languages such as Greek, that would be absurd. I clarified above what I meant by love.
I completely agree; but, like I said, God is not the courtly emotion that you feel at your teenage years, neither is he a way to express your like of a sandwich. Unfortunately, the word "love" in the English language is near enough entirely corrupt; there's no contradiction with saying that you "love your food". In languages such as Greek, that would be absurd. I clarified above what I meant by love.  God, yes, the most beautiflul love.  We should be like Him
Here, we don't agree at all. I find it odd the choice of words 'on the right track'. That is what Orthodoxy is, 'the Way', containing the full and unaltered teachings of Christ.  Man is not 'justified', there is no contract with God, in which Jesus was the price paid for the contract. We are called to God because we are by nature inclined to do so - to return to Him. Sin however is in the world, and we too are a part of this world, and influenced by this. Satan is always actively trying to deceive us and many find this temptation too great.  Justificiation is a new doctrine, and not how St. Paul understood things at all. See  http://www.romanity.org/htm/rom.10.en.original_sin_according_to_st._paul.01.htm        Again I have qualms. We don't go to church to feel good. I'm not sure if this is what you are meaning, but that's how it sounds to me.    You are correct here, I am wrong to have said so. Ta, for pointing it out.  Sin is not 'natural' as Adam didn't have sin when he was created. But it did enter into the world through his fault.  If Paul did not mean we are justified then how do you explain his use of the phrase "having been justified [not past perfect tense] we were also..."?
If Paul did not mean we are justified then how do you explain his use of the phrase "having been justified [not past perfect tense] we were also..."?  Yes, you can take it out of context by using Protestant translations... as you have. I suggest you read http://www.romanity.org/htm/rom.10.en.original_sin_according_to_st._paul.01.htm  But to save you time... " It is clear that Paul here is denying anything like a general personal guilt for the sin of Adam. Sin was, however, in the world, since death reigned even over them who had not sinned as Adam sinned. Sin here is obviously the person of Satan, who ruled the world through death even before the coming of the law. This is the only possible interpretation of this statement, because it is clearly supported elsewhere by Paul's teachings concerning the extraordinary powers of the devil, especially in Romans 8:19-21. St. Paul's statements should be taken very literally when he says that the last enemy to be destroyed is death [ 226 ] and that "the sting of death is sin."[ 227 ]  From what has been observed, the famous expression, eph'ho pantes hemarton,[ 228 ] can be safely interpreted as modifying the word, thanatos, which preceeds it, and which grammatically is the only word which fits the context. Eph'ho as a reference to Adam is both grammatically and exegetically impossible. Such an interpretation was first introduced by Origen, who obviously used it with a purpose in mind, because he believed in the pre-existence of all souls whereby he could easily say that all sinned in Adam. The interpretation of eph'ho as "because" was first introduced into the East by Photius,[ 229 ] who claims that there are two interpretations prevalent--Adam and thanatos--but he would interpret it dioti (because). He bases his argument on a false interpretation of II Corinthians 5:4 by interpreting eph'ho, here again, as dioti. But here it is quite clear that eph'ho refers to skensi (eph'ho skenei ou thelomen ekdysasthai). Photius is interpreting Paul within the framework of natural moral law and is seeking to justify the death of all men by personal guilt. He claims that all men die because they sin by following in the footsteps of Adam.[ 230 ] However, neither he nor any of the Eastern Fathers accepts the teaching that all men are made guilty for the sin of Adam. From purely grammatical considerations it is impossible to interpret eph'ho as a reference to any word other than thanatos. Each time the grammatical construction of the preposition epi with the dative is used by Paul, it is always used as a relative pronoun which modifies a preceding noun [ 231 ] or phrase.[ 232 ] To make an exception in Romans 5:12 by making St. Paul use the wrong Greek expression to express the idea, "because," is to beg the issue. The correct interpretation of this passage, both grammatically and exegetically, can be supplied only when eph'ho is understood to modify thanatos--kai houtos eis pantas anthropous ho thanatos dielthen eph'ho (thanato) pantes hemarton--"because of which" (death), or "on the basis of which" (death), or "for which (death) all have sinned." Satan, being himself the principle of sin, through death and corruption involves all of humanity and creation in sin and death. Thus, to be under the power of death according to Paul is to be a slave to the devil and a sinner, because of the inability of the flesh to live according to the law of God, which is selfless love."  quoted from Ibid  This of course highlights the problem that Protestants create when they rely soley on the Bible taken out of context of tradition (which was that which formed the Bible under the guidence of the Holy Spirit).
Yes, you can take it out of context by using Protestant translations... as you have. I suggest you read http://www.romanity.org/htm/rom.10.en.original_sin_according_to_st._paul.01.htm  But to save you time... " It is clear that Paul here is denying anything like a general personal guilt for the sin of Adam. Sin was, however, in the world, since death reigned even over them who had not sinned as Adam sinned. Sin here is obviously the person of Satan, who ruled the world through death even before the coming of the law. This is the only possible interpretation of this statement, because it is clearly supported elsewhere by Paul's teachings concerning the extraordinary powers of the devil, especially in Romans 8:19-21. St. Paul's statements should be taken very literally when he says that the last enemy to be destroyed is death [ 226 ] and that "the sting of death is sin."[ 227 ]  From what has been observed, the famous expression, eph'ho pantes hemarton,[ 228 ] can be safely interpreted as modifying the word, thanatos, which preceeds it, and which grammatically is the only word which fits the context. Eph'ho as a reference to Adam is both grammatically and exegetically impossible. Such an interpretation was first introduced by Origen, who obviously used it with a purpose in mind, because he believed in the pre-existence of all souls whereby he could easily say that all sinned in Adam. The interpretation of eph'ho as "because" was first introduced into the East by Photius,[ 229 ] who claims that there are two interpretations prevalent--Adam and thanatos--but he would interpret it dioti (because). He bases his argument on a false interpretation of II Corinthians 5:4 by interpreting eph'ho, here again, as dioti. But here it is quite clear that eph'ho refers to skensi (eph'ho skenei ou thelomen ekdysasthai). Photius is interpreting Paul within the framework of natural moral law and is seeking to justify the death of all men by personal guilt. He claims that all men die because they sin by following in the footsteps of Adam.[ 230 ] However, neither he nor any of the Eastern Fathers accepts the teaching that all men are made guilty for the sin of Adam. From purely grammatical considerations it is impossible to interpret eph'ho as a reference to any word other than thanatos. Each time the grammatical construction of the preposition epi with the dative is used by Paul, it is always used as a relative pronoun which modifies a preceding noun [ 231 ] or phrase.[ 232 ] To make an exception in Romans 5:12 by making St. Paul use the wrong Greek expression to express the idea, "because," is to beg the issue. The correct interpretation of this passage, both grammatically and exegetically, can be supplied only when eph'ho is understood to modify thanatos--kai houtos eis pantas anthropous ho thanatos dielthen eph'ho (thanato) pantes hemarton--"because of which" (death), or "on the basis of which" (death), or "for which (death) all have sinned." Satan, being himself the principle of sin, through death and corruption involves all of humanity and creation in sin and death. Thus, to be under the power of death according to Paul is to be a slave to the devil and a sinner, because of the inability of the flesh to live according to the law of God, which is selfless love."  quoted from Ibid  This of course highlights the problem that Protestants create when they rely soley on the Bible taken out of context of tradition (which was that which formed the Bible under the guidence of the Holy Spirit).   Montalban:  I am truly glad to hear from you again and to be debating with you again. However,we seem to be back at the point of debating scripture versus tradition again. I am just not interested in going there. Tradition is highly flawed and can be clearly seen in the debates of the church fathers. But, I shall not argue it more. Romans 8:1 concludes the sections in romans concerning justification with "There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus." This interpretation is precisely in context of scripture and the apostles, butperhaps not the likes of augustine who relied heavily on allegorical methods of interpretation which are highly faulty. NO, I do not accept tradition,nor will I. The tradition of the chuch did not decide what was scripture, it merely recognized that which had already testified to itself.
Thanks, interesting and certainly nothing I'd disagree with (!).   I agree, and it is certainly why many become disillusioned with it, as they see it rampant with hypocrisy.    I'm not really sure what mean by that.    Which church do you belong to?   That is a very enlightened point of view, but unfortunately one that very few people (whatever their religion) seem to share.  Sorry for the tardiness of my reply. Truthfully, I too behave in ways that are not appropriate for a lover of God. It is true of humans. In reality we are a work in progress.   As for lying and the atheist, the point is that if there is no standard for behavior which lies outside of the human realm, (ie God) then there really is no standard at all. Because, who would get to decide what the standard is? Therefore, lying or stealing or any of a variety of activities are simply convenient and useful at times. In the hands of someone who does not accept a standard then these things are okay provided you don't get caught. However, integrity is doing what is right (from a standard) even when no one is looking. This is what I meant, essentially. Let me know if that is more clear or muddier.  People do indeed become disillusioned with christianity because of christians. HOwever, I would suggest that individuals who really want to know the nature of GOd not look so much at people but at God. Now, you may ask how do yo do that. There is a step of faith involved. I started with the bible. In particular,I started with the letters of Paul and the gospel of Luke. The step of faith is being willing to say, "I don't know if this is true or not,but for now, I will believe it and try it on for size." In other words try it out in your own life.   Go to a church even. You don't have too, (naturally) but if you do, remember they are flawed people looking for answers like any other. Christians are not perfect. Look for the church that knows that people are not perfect and the church that is willing to be flawed in front of you and to work on it in front of you. They do exist. They typically don't advertise themselves extensively, but wait for the walking wounded to wander in. Once there, as you come to know them, let them see you in your flaws, and seek their help to deal with them.  I put this like this is something YOU should do. It is not what meant. Although you can if you wish, all I was trying to do was actually communicate what I found in my church. They are flawed people. The leaders are too. They have made terrible mistakes and hurt many. But, I believe the grace of God is big enough to deal with all of this. It is big enough to deal with even my flaws. I occasionally have insulted or attacked people on this board. It is not my desire,but I have done it. I seek not to and continue to learn and grow.   My church is an independent nondenominational church. We are lovers and followers of Christ. We hold scripture to be the revelation of Jesus. We do not hold church tradition as the equivalent of scripture as the roman catholic and the orthodox churches do. We are protestant. we are christian.   I hope I have answered well. Let me know if you have questions or see fault in my logic.   thanks
Montalban:  I am truly glad to hear from you again and to be debating with you again. However,we seem to be back at the point of debating scripture versus tradition again. I am just not interested in going there. Tradition is highly flawed and can be clearly seen in the debates of the church fathers. But, I shall not argue it more. Romans 8:1 concludes the sections in romans concerning justification with "There is therefore now no condemnation for those who are in Christ Jesus." This interpretation is precisely in context of scripture and the apostles, butperhaps not the likes of augustine who relied heavily on allegorical methods of interpretation which are highly faulty. NO, I do not accept tradition,nor will I. The tradition of the chuch did not decide what was scripture, it merely recognized that which had already testified to itself.  I think the way you put this argument is rather silly - sorry, but I do.  Tradition shows that the scripture was both written and interpreted one way for years... as it still is by the Orthodox Church. Luther liberally changed scripture and thus interpretation at a number of different places, so now scripture says something else. He added teachings that were new. He taught things that no one had taught for the first 1,500 years of the Christian world, but he DID base it on Scripture - well done!  So, you can say "Scripture says this...", but of course it does. Such a hollow truism might keep you asleep at night, but I'd be wanting to know  "Has it always been this way?"  And clearly it has not. My church is the church that compiled the Bible, and it interpreted that same Bible one way... as it still does.  Thus, you won't accept tradition, you'll accept Scripture, that has been changed in word and/or in interpretation. It is akin to me forging a note, and, for you, as long as it says $4.00, that's okay... you don't care how it got that way. Please forward me your e-mail address as I've some pictures of the Loch Ness Monster to sell you (it won't matter to you if I've faked them).
 I hope I have answered well. Let me know if you have questions or see fault in my logic.   thanks   Further to my previous response, you are making the exact same argument as the JWs have, only their fudging of Scripture - and then reinterpreting it only dates back to the late 1800s, whereas your's dates to the 1500s. You've got 300 years on them!  The Bible did not fall from heaven fully written. St. Paul urged us to keep to the traditions; oral and written. The Orthodox Church compiled the Bible, in keeping to traditions - it is how they judged which books were inspired - by those which kept to the traditions of the Church as understood for the first 300 years of its history (some Epistles had only limited circulation and were unknown in other parts of Christendom, yet the majority of Christendom kept to the teachings.)  They taught what Jesus had passed down to them.  They wrote in Greek, and they understood it.  1,500 years later Luther says "No, hang on, if you change a few words here and there then you'll really understand that the Bible says this..."  And now it does, in it's updated, re-translated, changed form.  Charels Taze Russell tried this again in the 1800s, re-working difficult texts till he had a Scripture that fits in part with what he taught.  SO, when you, or they (the JW's) resort to Scripture, you are going down the path of self-fulfillment.
Surely this question be easy enough to answer.   Any rational thinking thiest want to give my question a shot?Well I'm neither rational nor a theist, but still!  I could put in a comment about what I personally believe the nature of God to be, but I'm sure you've all heard it before so I won't bother!  In the end I don't think it is an easy question to answer, it is asking to define the undefinable. Humans are limited creatures, we can give a dictionary definition of these things, we have a rough idea of the concept of infinity but can never begin to truly comprehend or define it.
Thiest: I believe in God?  What is God as best defined by you?  Describe the nature of God. What is it that you believe in?  Your question itself is a problem. God is 'He who is', not a 'what'.  Surely this question be easy enough to answer.   Any rational thinking thiest want to give my question a shot?  You are a self-confessed atheist. What do you care what people believe other than attempt to ridicule? Hence your question 'what is God?' which is rather loaded by already de-personalising God.  Secondly, why would it matter to you about someone trying to define God, who paradoxically, is be definition, undefinable?  Do you believe that you will hear an understanding of God that you've not heard before, or are you of the belief you are open-minded on the subject, and might well have an epiphany?
To SilentPoet: I might as well give it ago, I am just a tad bored, you know what I mean?  What is God as best defined by you? Describe the nature of God. What is it that you believe in?   Before I start, I am a Christian and will as a result be trying to answer your question from a Biblical point-of-view.   An introduction to the Trinty: There is only one God; but He consists of three distinct persons, Father, Son and the Holy Spirit. The word "Trinty" is not found anywhere in the Scriptures, but it is name given by Christians to express the doctrine of the unity of God as consisting of three distinct persons. So your question becomes sort of illogical. For more information on the Trinty and the Christian doctrine regarding it, I would strongly suggest and recommend that you visit the Bible Dictionary for "Trinty" on the Christian Answers website.   Because this part isn't really my strongsuit - I believe it but I have trouble explaining this, I have copied this information from the Christian Answers website: TRI-UNITY -- The teaching of the Bible concerning the Trinity might be summarized thus. God is a Tri-unity, with each Person of the Godhead equally and fully and eternally God. Each is necessary, and each is distinct, and yet all are one. The three Persons appear in a logical, causal order. The Father is the unseen, omnipresent Source of all being, revealed in and by the Son, experienced in and by the Holy Spirit. The Son proceeds from the Father, and the Spirit from the Son. With reference to God's creation, the Father is the Thought behind it, the Son is the Word calling it forth, and the Spirit is the Deed making it a reality.  We "see" God and His great salvation in the Son of God, the Lord Jesus Christ, then "experience" their reality by faith, through the indwelling presence of His Holy Spirit.  Though these relationships seem paradoxical, and to some completely impossible, they are profoundly realistic, and their truth is ingrained deep in man's nature. Thus, men have always sensed first the truth that God must be "out there," everywhere present and the First Cause of all things, but they have corrupted this intuitive knowledge of the Father into pantheism and ultimately into naturalism.  Similarly, men have always felt the need to "see" God in terms of their own experience and understanding, but this knowledge that God must reveal Himself has been distorted into polytheism and idolatry. Men have thus continually erected "models" of God, sometimes in the form of graven images, sometimes even in the form of philosophical systems purporting to represent ultimate reality.  Finally, men have always known that they should be able to have communion with their Creator and to experience His presence "within." But this deep intuition of the Holy Spirit has been corrupted into various forms of false mysticism and fanaticism, and even into spiritism and demonism. Thus, the truth of God's tri-unity is ingrained in man's very nature, but he has often distorted it and substituted a false god in its place.  The above is basically the Christian belief summed up. Simple and effective. That appears to answer your questions, curtsey Christian Answers
What possible concern is any of that to you?   Now, I could ask the same thing.  Some actually search for knowledge through debate. This is a debate forum if you recall. Don't play if you're not so inclined but to post warnings not to fall in this trap, c'mon.  I have clashed horns with SilentPoet before. He is, unfortunately, neither a poet, nor more tragically, silent.  This is indeed a debate forum, and I don't see why a self-confessed atheist would want to discontinue his attacks on religion and feign real concern for people's opinions.  If you have some proof of his change of heart, please let me know how you know this.  Otherwise, I continue with my warning, which is also my right to give, and yours to ignore, or to respond to as you have.
The Supreme Being.
hmmm... i remember that...  God is basically an extremely powerful being credited to creating the universe and life. also, there is within the nature of God a nuturing and benevolent aspect towards humans.  i think most people share this perception of God
Thiest: I believe in God?  What is God as best defined by you?  Describe the nature of God. What is it that you believe in?  SP: Hello again. I hope you are well. God is difficult to define. One would not expect a finite being such as myself to define clearly and completely an infinite being such as God.   However, as with any person God has defined himself. We all definie or identify, ourselves by various methods. What we like and dislike. What we do, where we go, where we have been. God has done this as well in the bible. He has mades statements about the things he likes and dislikes (The ten commandments for instance). He tells what he does (he is a creator for instance, He loves, he has mercy and grace.) He tells us where he has been (He is the God that is, was, and will be, in otherwords exists outside of time).  There are other things naturally. I can tell you some because as a finite being I will take a life time getting to know him. This is true with any person. You cannot completely define your closest and dearest friend. It is impossible because people are infinitely complex. You can know your friend none the less. This is true of God as well. You have heard me talk about God on this forum for quite sometime. This is how God is defined. You ask an impossibly broad question. Sglaine seems to imply that theists will only hamper you with illogic when it comes to defining God and they will eventually say they don't know. I know some not all. So do you. This is right. To assume that we should be able to define God completely and accurately is illogical.
SilentPoet,  No; "being" is used in many senses and ranges quite significantly depending on its context. There cannot be a better definition for God than Supreme Being. And, as you have probably noticed, it is certainly a common one. From the modifying qualifier, "Supreme" we can actually speculate on the majority of the properties of such a being. To put it simply, it means unrivalled and best. With regard to existence, such a being is that which exists necessarily; and, this tells us several things, once again. For example, that all that exists is contingent upon its existence; it can never be destroyed, etc...  To your original question: "What is God?" People have various ideas of what "God" is, and they vary quite significantly. Some think there are a plethora of gods, some think there to be only one. I assume you are referring to the God of Classical Theism, however. Such a being has various attributes, and, I'm sure you know of them. So, just what is the point of this thread? See the Catholic's take on God. Not all people claim that God is undefinable; and, that is rather a sweeping claim.
To SilentPoet:  Suprisingly in all of this you have told me nothing....   May be if you weren't so biased and actually read it, you might have noticed that you question was answered. Firstly and foremost, your question is not only logically flawed, but also physically flawed. You asked for a description of God, but there are three parts to God - which you would know if you actually bothered to read it throughly with an "open mind". So in order to describe God we must define the three parts that make up God, i.e. the Father, Son and the Holy Spirit.  Also, how can I explain something that I have no physically observed? Here your question is also logically flawed. I cannot explain the features to something to which I have no positively observed.  But I didn't ask for the Trinity. I asked for God which you have told me = the trinity which = God. If I ask the nature of A, (and i do not know the nature of B) and you tell me A=B and B=A I have learned nothing except the relationship of A and B which I know nothing of.   You asked me to describe God, and in order to do so, I need to describe or explain the concept of the Trinity. That is, there are three parts to "God" - as weird as that sounds. You were not specific in your question. You asked me to describe God, and God consists of three parts. As you can see, your question is flawed.  I am asking the nature / description of what / who the father (God) is.   How do you expect me to describe something that I have not seen. Your question is stupid and illogical. If you ask a half decent answerable question, you may get some answers. Basically, God is the "Alpha and the Omega".
SP: No. :) I meant the first one (the other wasn't "definition 2" it was another dictionary), just to clarify that it was the best definition for God. With regard to the rest, I told you what we can determine from the lovely modifying qualifier, "Supreme". There is progression - taking that. What parts of it did you not understand; help me out here. ;)  I'd love to take the time to answer your questions, but it is quite evident that you didn't check the links that I provided. Check the Catholics take on God - they clarify what they mean by the specific terms too. After that, I'll have no problem answering your questions. With regard to the "problem of evil", I have a few recommendations for a read (I can re-outline a few theodicies/answers to if you like, but I think it wouldn't hurt to learn some theology): Augustine, City of God and Confessions; Aquinas, Summa Theologica; C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain; Anselm's Proslogion. Augustine is probably the best place to start. Oh, Irenaeus and Origen would be great too.  p.s. I assume you're using The American Heritage dictionary.
SP, your post 24 sums up nicely myperspective on the logic of the definition of God. i believe it was dremweaver that i had a long discussion with about this in another thread.  there are many popular beliefs about the nature of God that believers take for granted but which are really illogical if you really look deeper at it. some of the common attributes of God that werent covered in post 24  God knows the future and we have free will i wont go into this, but it is clearly illogical that both cannot coexist  the question of evil in the world first of all, in all honesty, the existence of evil/natural disasters does not strengthen the notion that God doesnt exist, nor does it suggest that God is not a perfectly loving God. first of all, is a tsunami or earthquake or flood evil? if these "disasters" occured on Mars or any other unihabited planet, would it be evil? secondly, how do you define a tragedy? is a broken fingernail a tragedy? loss of your job? loss of a limb? loss of your life? tragedies are only defined in the perspective of the person experiencing the event. an event in itself cannot be evil or good, only the perception of the one experiencing it. a winter at one point could have been a natural disaster. a hot summer as well. even a sunset could cause destruction.  think about a world where we stop all evil. food is abundant, nobody has to work and nobody feels pain. would that cause people to be more content? or innovative? or competitive? would mankind be as advanced as it is now?  the question of testimony almost every believer subscribes to some written or passed-on story of past feats of God and historical manifestations of supernatural power being witnessed. but the biggest objection to the existence of God (personally, in my opinion) is the lack of present manifestation. the Bible and other religious books are filled with wonderous stories of miracles and supernatural events. then they would go on to claim that believers would able to achieve these same powers, or at least witness them. however, not a single miracle or supernatural event have been ever witnessed or recorded. i think this weighs even more heavily than the fact that no evidence of past reported miracles have ever been found. for example, if scientist produce confirmed reports that there are no chariots or remains of egyptian armies anywhere in the red sea, and then a man stands at the bank of th red sea and stretches out a stick and makes the water divide all the way down to the sea bed, then any evidence contrary to the story of Moses would be totally irrelevant. the same with many other stories of miracles. if a man could walk across the surface of liquid water, without the water changing and without the man's physiology changing, then there would be no dispute to whether Jesus could do it, or far less if Jesus even existed. but it is abundantly clear that these events are simply not happening in the world at all in this era, and it strongly suggests that they never did
SilentPoet,  God is the Supreme Being, and the Supreme Being is God, but it does not follow that we have not learnt anything. I'm mentioning this for the third time here, but hopefully it should be alright. This qualifier we have, "Supreme", tells us a lot of things. We can speculate on the attributes of such a being, Supreme Power; Supreme Knowledge and the like. Now, with regard to modal status, it should be palpable that a Supreme Being would have necessary existence - ontological perfection which, is indeed, the supreme modality; no other existence has more views.   I don't normally provide links to argue my points, but here, it seemed as though you were genuinely trying to find out what theists mean when they posit such an entity as God. I apologise if I misread you, but if you were seeking to truly learn, that link would have been next to ideal for you. It sums up the Catholic doctrine on God. So wait, do you want me to go through these arguments now? Sheesh.Supernatural is by implication and definition outside of the physical realm and outside of natural laws. The supernatural is completely independent of any established laws of the universe and exist[e]nce. It lies beyond the realm of human comprehension.I'd like you to expand a little on the "laws of nature" here before we continue. In science, we use the term "law" a lot, but there really are no absolute laws of science. As you know, science is based on empiricism - on induction. It has no room for absolute truths and it would be a mockery to it to suggest that it does. We give names such as "Newton's Laws", "Ohm's Law", "Kirchoff's Laws" and the like, but none of these are absolute in any sense. Firstly, that which is reached through induction can never provide absolute certainty; it can only show something to be probable.   However, that is not only what we rely on. In fact, we do indeed know that all these are subject to be broken. You'll note that at the point of a singularity all our "laws" break down - including Relativity and it all; our equations break up and everything is meaningless. Can't really blame us - how are we meant to comprehend that which is infinitesimal? So, what is meant when you say the "laws" of nature? Scientific laws (which aren't absolute)...?  A perfect supernatural God?Sorry, but the majority of that point is pure speculation. Granted for the moment that God in "His realm" is not "perfect" (something which the theist is not constrained to accept), as you presuppose, so what? Why would this cause a problem for the theist? The theist might easily superimpose that God, in comparison to homosapiens and all of nature is eternally perfect. Of course you can compare that which is another dimension; your point is saying that we cannot compare football and computer games - because one is a sport and the other is of something different - a computer. Or, that we could not compare two films because they are of a different genre.  Omnipotence of GodYou're asking this and you're telling me that you read the Catholic article? I won't outline it all now, partly because of lack of time, but: is the point of this thread for you to learn, or to debate? You might say both, but which is primary? If it is to learn, then I think you would do well to read the article on Omnipotence; if not, you can just say and I'll answer the questions you proffered. The only reason I provide links is because the arguments proposed here are pseudoproblems, answered easily by some mild theology. Particularly the POE.  Problem of Evil  I wrote the below some time ago on this forum; I think my views are pretty much the same, so it should suffice:  Since you have presupposed in your inference three that evil exists, the burden of proof lays on your shoulder to (i) Define evil, and (ii) show that it exists.  Since I have a little extra time, I think I'll go on with this. Your terms need to be thoroughly defined. I define God as Supreme Being. I think that God is Love, and I define love as that which facilitates goodness (not original to me). I also define omnipotence as "Supreme Power". Darkness is the absence of light - a lie is the obstruction of truth, evil is goodness denied. Evil, in itself, is not really a substance. It is but a deprivation. When an apple rots, the rottenness itself is not a substance, but simply the privation of freshness. Furthermore, "coldness" does not exist; it is but the absence of heat/energy. When we call a person "cold" we mean that they are one who is lacking in emotion or in sensitivity. In the same way, evil is goodness denied.  On another note, let's proffer that it makes sense to say that evil exists. If a Supreme Being allowed this evil to occur, but for it to have a purpose, then things are "all gravy" and there's really no problem. On another note, if this God provided humans with free will moral agency, then it would not mean that he is malicious. What I mean, is that free moral agency is neither good nor evil. It is a mechanism, not an aesthetic, by which love and goodness can occur. Of course, it allows the contrapositive to occur since it is necessary - decision. One does not call a line crooked without some idea of a straight line. It can be easily argued that evil exists for us to consciously identify it from good. Paul writes, "For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law."   Finally, the POE can never be used to refute the existence of an almighty being. It only poses as "problem" (if you want to call it that) to those who follow the God of Classical Theism. Therefore, it does not prove the non-existence of a God. On a last note, you suggest that this world is evil; tell me, which world are you comparing it to?   You, in particular, speak of "natural evil" - tell me, why should I consider any of this evil. Are you proposing that an objective evil exists? Perhaps a definition (preferably not an example) of evil would suffice, here. On a final note; Poet- if you were provided with the evidence, would you change your stance on the existence of God, truly?
I understand your point, but its obvious to most that the loss of large amounts of life due to natural disasters are a bad thing to happen. To let large amount of people die, when you have the power to prevent it at no expense to you is not by any means a good thing to do. it is not necessarily obvious that the loss of a large number of life is a bad thing. the largest threat to mortal man by far is time. if people werent mortal/depreciating and everyone that was born didnt die, that wouldnt be suck a good thing now would it...   not that im endorsing genocide, but there are lots of things that are potentially life threating to lots of people, and i think that the presence of hardships/obstacles/natural disasters have brought out the innovation and overcoming nature of mankind and spurred the development to the stage it is at  suppose that God exists, God prevents all evil, and macroevolution is true. do you think that mankind would even exist?  secondly, its obvious that a world without evil can not exist, simply because 'evil' is subjective and mankind is by nature discontented.   and say God goes on an evil-eliminating campaign. so he ceases all tornados, floods, harsh weather, earthquakes, etc. then he cleans up pollution, then he regulates temperature to ideal climate settings (say 70 in the day, 55 at night). then he removes all cliffs and and slopes, all predators and viruses. what next? make the sea shallow so that noone can drown? make fire at a safe temperature? reduce gravity so that you fall in slowmotion? where do we draw the line?
Epaphras_faith,  But surely there is a more specific definition you can give than incomprhensible / undefinable. Otherwise I'm not entirely sure you what you believe in as the discussion would follow:  T:I believe in God A:What is God? T:I dont know. A:Well then what is it that you believe in?  The theist (under the undefinable definition of God) is forced to answer: T: I dont know   And so I would ask you now: "Well then in what sense is your statement even relevant? How does your beleif any different from no beleif at all"  ________________________________________________________  Yes but I can assign attributes to my friend, while not having to full define him.  I am not asking for a full definition of God, because that would seem impossible if he is truly undefinable would it not?  Instead I am asking for attributes to describe in some way the nature of God to me. (This can also be done in relationship to my closest friend, while not having to full define him.)  You are quite correct. You can do these things as can I. I have on different threads and at different times given you (and others which you have read) much of the attributes of God. There are some standards, love (agape, phileo, and eros),mercy, gentleness, kindness, lovingkindness, justice, imenent yet transcendant, omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, etc. However, these words can only dimly convey what is truly meant by them. GOd spoke in the person of Jesus. Jesus was the exact representation of God. It is one of His purposes for coming. God's love is displayed by the fact that while we were still enemies He died for me on the cross. Jesus said, "greater love has no man than that he should die for his friends." Think about that, Jesus died for His ENEMIES! If you would know who GOd is then discover who Jesus is.   If however, you are looking for points from theists to argue with then undoubtedly you will find those also. I am well aware of your stance on God and Jesus,as you are mine. So, suffice it to say that I will finish here. Thanks for responding to me though. I knew we posted at the same time,so I waited.   Have a great summer. Hope to argue more soon. emoticon_smile
Ack, sorry for the ultimately late reply; I stopped checking in here some time ago.   SilentPoet,  Ok, first things first. For the first thing, I'd like to clarify something that might be obvious, but it helps in debate. In debate, whatever I say is what I mean - I don't really have any cryptic secret message and my words are of the standard English.   I said the above particularly because some of your notions and rebuttals appear to be attacking a strawman, nothing of what I have said. Did I ever say that the Supreme Being would have the best power but not "all" the power? Never. If one has all the power, anyhow, they automatically have the best power. And, I thought I was pretty clear on the notion especially with regard to existence. God doesn't exist in the most possible worlds; an ontologically perfect being exists in all the possible worlds with regard to possible world semantics. This is the "most" amount of possible worlds that a being can exist in, but it is also all the possible worlds that a being can exist in.   God does not exist in the physical realm; that is inconsistent with the idea of the Supreme Being. Such a being cannot change and is beyond time. What is not absolute about scientific laws?  I'm sorry, and I need no offence to you, but this debate is going to be entirely futile if you're not versed on the make-up and foundation of science with empiricism. It is a mockery to science to even suppose that it is absolute. I know you don't like me recommending things, but you should really check out Popper on this; he's good. I fully explained why science is not absolute above - you just said that you disagreed without any reasons. Science can use logic, great, but it uses induction to reach its conclusion. Hence its non-absoluteness.  Well yes of course you can compare football and computer games. There is a large difference between this and the analogy is not valid. What? Surely you have a reason for it supposedly not being a valid analogy?  Matter / Energy cannot be created or destoryed.  You cannot have nothing and simply pop out of it some planet or star. To propose such is to propose the logically impossible as with the acorn to elephant example which I stated earlier. For one, the presupposition that matter cannot be created/destroyed rests upon the "laws" of thermodynamics - of science. As you should know, all of the laws of science break down at the point of singularity - an infinetismal (which is where our universe came from), and consequently, we have no reason to trust any law at that point. Including general and special relativity. Check some science out, all sources will agree.   With regard to evil, no, what is ridiculous is your initial presupposition that evil exists and the fact that you haven't defined your terms properly. Let's take a look at your definition:  Dictionary.com - Causing ruin, injury, or pain; harmful  Ok. Scenario: a friend of mine was shot by an arrow. Let's say it got in real deep. In his leg. Now, I, knowing that it would be better to take out the arrow first before anything else, I take it out. It causes him suffering, because the arrow is sharp; it causes him injury, and it causes him pain. It's evil, really? This type of definition, of evil as "something that causes suffering" was shown to be erroneous a very long time ago. I have a more meaningful definition of evil, to which you may not agree, but if you cannot provide one, I will. You can also define "bad events". And no, it's not obvious; this is philosophy, we question things, we don't just accept them because they might be a popular idea or because a lot of people do (both classical logical fallacies). The dictionary is great, but it often fails when we try to describe things properly; want an example? See "existence". Try to give me a definition for that, if you want; indeed, we are discussing the existence of something. Events are not just caused by man's "God given" free will. Natural disasters occur that also cause pain and death to many at the choice of no one. Ok, you don't accept that - that's fine. Now justify your definition of evil as something that causes people to "suffer".  I'm comparing it to a lack of evil in places of the world which also exist. Oh, ok. So you don't think that the world is "evil"? Just a few questions for now; more later.
Dreamweaver,  I'm having serious computer problems so my response may be a little late to this thread. Don't worry about it; take all the time you need. Computers are evil, Windows in particular. Just fully installed Linux.... too good.
Just to clarify, you beleive that God is ALL powerful? (Meaning capable of doing anything). If this is the case then is God capable of doing the impossible, such as changing something inanimate into a concious being?Heh, you've got an interesting definition of "all"; your "all" here seems to include that which does not exist. You probably don't see the absurdity in the presupposition, but I'll give you an analogy to show the problem:  A scenario. We had a test in Math yesterday, and today, we got our test results. A friend of mine asks me, "how many marks did you get right on the test?" I reply, "I got all the marks right" (as if ;)). Now, surely, from this we would think that I got 100% on my test, but by your reasoning, I should have got something like oo%, since, "all" here should also--apparently--include that which is impossible. Of course, that never happens. We are not concerned with the impossible -- the impossible can never occur. Period.   Maybe it's best to think of it in terms of Modal Logic, too. When using possible world semantics and we define ontological perfection as that which exists in all the possible worlds, we are not concerned, obviously, with the impossible worlds. Because, quite frankly, because they do not exist. Nevertheless, I'm interested by your presupposition that it is impossible for inaminate objects to be conscious. (i) What do you base this on? (ii) and how do you explain the miracle before your eyes, therefore. I'm not following. When one refers to something existing in something, that usually means it exists in some physical sense whether as a form of matter or energy. But since God is neither but is rather supernatural how could he exist in "all the possible worlds".  Wouldn't God rather be outside of these worlds and rather not exist in them.I think you've misunderstood the use of possible world semantics. For one, they patently don't only refer to the physical, but to everything, and neither do they make appeals to materialism and/or other types of monism/dualism. As they stand, they at least appear compatible with other metaphysical concepts as such. On another note, possible world semantics makes no such claim to presuppose anything along the lines of that these worlds exist. They are but a tool for understanding different parts of the modal family, in particular -- the popular S5. You seem to be appealing to materialism, however, which would of course pretty much eliminate the concept of a Supreme Being as is described, but lucky for us, materialism as I see it has major flaws. I'll outline them if you wish; just say. The fault is obviously my own.No worry there; just check out a little bit of Philosophy of Science; as I suggested, Popper is good, but maybe a little cryptic. Introductory books are normally good, however. I could come up with tons of examples of what I mean by evil. Would this help you to understand what I mean?Unfortunately not, and that is one of the problems with a definition as such for "evil". They're always either circular or just plain erroneous. Examples are fine and dandy, but definitions are required. Since you are positing that evil exists as one of your central premises, I want to know what you mean by it before I can agree that it exists; surely, that's reasonable, is it not?   For thinking about evil, I like to consider some aspects of science and other things as such. For example, light and darkness. If you think about darkness, you'll find that it, itself, has no substance, but that it is only light that has substance. We see a lot of opposites in nature -- electrons and positrons, matter and anti-matter. But, there are those particles that do not have an opposite; for example, a photon is electrically neutral, just like the other force carriers: Z bosons and gluons. When something is light, we know that photons are coming from or being reflected of somethingn and then reaching our eye. Light is photons. However, for darkness, there is no other particle -- no particle that provides darkness. Darkness itself is merely the absence of light.  Another parallel might be seen with coldness and heat. Heat comes about from energy, more specifically -- thermal energy. What we call "cold" is but an absence of heat (never a complete absence, since that would propose absolute zero on a Kelvin scale, which, theoretically, we never could really measure -- temperatures for us never get near that low). When we say that a person is "cold" we mean that they are lacking in emotion.  And from these, I think it is the same with goodness. Goodness is that which exists and evil is merely the privation of it. It works this way and not the other way around because goodness is the aesthetic, in that case, it is that which morally edifies. Evil is merely the essence of moral emptiness.   I think I've said a lot, and I wouldn't want to drag on and say a whole lot more; good luck with your computer and I hope it works out. Hey, when you get back, maybe we can get to the problem of good. ;)
Silent Poet:  I too am having difficulty with computer things so I apologize for a late reply.  Suffice it to say I am sufficiently out of the loop so I will only respond to one thing you said. You said in an earlier post that you agreed that the presence of evil does not disprove the existence of God just the existence of an ALL GOOD God.   I beg to differ. The presence of Evil is necessary to show love. If there were no evil then there would be no need to depend on God and we could suffice just fine without him. This means that he does not get to show His love which is his primary nature.   Even if you disagree with the above, which I think you do, it still does not PROVE the non existence of an all Good God. Just because you and I cannot reconcile with the presence of Evil that does not mean that God is not Good. If you say that because evil exists then God cannot be good then you are setting yourself up as the definer of what is good. However, if you accept the existence, or potential existence of a God, any god, then He must be the definer of what is good. By discussing the attributes of God then you necessarily stipulate to His existence. The question is "what is he like?" If he is creator, and no christian would say he is loving or good without also saying he is creator, then you must also accept as creator that HE is the one who defines what is good. Allowing for the possiblity of the existence of evil He has defined as good. Why, because HE, the creator says so. Therefore, it does not disprove the existence of a good god. I also say that it does not prove the existence of a good god.   Again, it is a matter of what you believe. No one can prove or disprove. Even our discussion here has had to include some assumptions and therefore beliefs.  Have a good week. I may be back in a week or two. Right now this is the most I can post.   Blessings and grace to everyone
How aggrivating. I already had half of this response saved, and before I took my computer to the shop I put it on a floppy disk. Now I got my computer back and the floppy drive doesnt work. emoticon_angry I told you computers were evil. ;) Don't worry about it; you can post it when you get your floppy drive working, if you like. Philosophers have discussed these issues for thousands of years, I figure it won't matter if we delay it a weak or two.  :p
Hmm, I disagree.  First off, even if this was true this does not in any way justify the allowing or purposeful creation and plan of such evil (human and natural).  Now while maybe I would let you get away with arguing that some form of bad must be present to show good, this does not account for the extremity of the suffering and events that occur. but like you pointed out, its all relative and comparitive. the existence of severe pain and extreme evil is necessary to define extreme goodness and joy. one cannot exist without the other, and the limit of one correlates to the limit of the other. if you can experience pleasure and happiness, then expect that evil and pain must exist to the same extent  One all good (meaning does not do evil) would not have created this world with the intention of evil occuring on a day to day basis.   To do so would be a contradiction of its goodness. if you understand the point above youd realise that without evil, there would be no such thing as good, and therefore a "good" God wouldnt exist. secondly, God only allowed evil to exist, but he is not a source of evil. yes, evil exists because of God, but being evil is a choice people make. to eliminate evil, people have to stop being evil. thats what freewill does. without freewill, everybody would be in a state of emotional numbness, because there would be no evil, therefore no good, and there would be no choices, therefore no experiences of acheivement, satifaction, anticipation or anything like that. you cannot remove the option of evil from the nature of freewill  would you rather have no freewill and no emotion, just so that there would be no pain in the world? how would you be able to experience the joy of a pain-free world without emotion, and how would you experience emotion without freewill?
...God does not fill the word "who" because to most accounts he is not a person, or being.  ...  A being is something that is conceivable as existing...or something that actually exists.  A human being is one of us, a homo-sapien, a member of the group of beings known as animals.  A rock is a being of inanimate qualities.  God is the supreme being, not capable of being understood totally as this would put Him (or It, or She) on the same level as those that He created.  We will never be able to define exactly what or who God is!  God is great.  God is good.  Let us thank Him for our food.    God is my shepherd.  God is my Light.  God is my Co-pilot.  God is what keeps me from believing that all this (the totality of all things and happenings) came about by accident.    When God made man, She was only kidding! ;)
...one cannot exist without the other, and the limit of one correlates to the limit of the other. I agree with 98% of the rest of your post, but I have to disagree with this. Evil could, at any time, be totally eliminated by God. But, God will not do that...not now, since mankind has to run its course. Mankind has to deal with this life first, choose for himself which direction it will take: Good or evil. Then God will do away with evil and there will be no need for it. Good can exist without it.
I agree with 98% of the rest of your post, but I have to disagree with this. Evil could, at any time, be totally eliminated by God. But, God will not do that...not now, since mankind has to run its course. Mankind has to deal with this life first, choose for himself which direction it will take: Good or evil. Then God will do away with evil and there will be no need for it. Good can exist without it. in order to remove all the evil from this world, God would have to remove all emotion and conscience from our minds as well as deaden all nerve endings or rewire them so that we have no sense of discomfort. people would still bleed, die, become mutilated or whatever, but we wouldnt be able to identify suffering or pain, even in ourselves.  another way is to make everyone immortal and impervious to adversity, so that even if something "bad" happens, it would be inconsequential because it would have no ill effect on us.  im sure there are other scenarios, but i cant think of any right now  yes, God could make these changes to humanity. but inevitably humans would also lose the ability to feel joy or pleasure. in other words, you would not be happier, even though you believe it would be a better situation. its a trade off  be careful what you wish for....
in order to remove all the evil from this world, God would have to remove all emotion and conscience from our minds as well as deaden all nerve endings or rewire them so that we have no sense of discomfort. people would still bleed, die, become mutilated or whatever, but we wouldnt be able to identify suffering or pain, even in ourselves.  another way is to make everyone immortal and impervious to adversity, so that even if something "bad" happens, it would be inconsequential because it would have no ill effect on us.  im sure there are other scenarios, but i cant think of any right now  yes, God could make these changes to humanity. but inevitably humans would also lose the ability to feel joy or pleasure. in other words, you would not be happier, even though you believe it would be a better situation. its a trade off  be careful what you wish for....  Are you implying that pain=evil?  I can see pain existing without evil. For instance, weather related deaths cause pain, but the weather is not necessarily evil. The fact that there is a food chain in which animals and plants devour each other is not evil. Evil is procreated by mankind.  If evil did not exist, there would be no basis for defining good, because all would be good. This only happens in Heaven.
yes, God could make these changes to humanity. but inevitably humans would also lose the ability to feel joy or pleasure. in other words, you would not be happier, even though you believe it would be a better situation. its a trade off  be careful what you wish for.... We would not be human any more. I agree. In order to be human we be must in direct contact with evil, just as we are in direct contact with good. So as long as we are human, evil must exist. Eden was a place of bliss, a natural wonder...that also contained evil. It had in it the Tree of Life and the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil, among thousands of other fruit-bearing trees. God told man not to eat of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, but of all the rest they could freely eat - even of the Tree of Life. But, what did man do? You know the rest... It was because evil took us away from good, away from everlasting life (the Tree of Life) that we must now live with evil to take back what it has stolen. Until that happens we are under its influence daily.
Are you implying that pain=evil?  I can see pain existing without evil. For instance, weather related deaths cause pain, but the weather is not necessarily evil. The fact that there is a food chain in which animals and plants devour each other is not evil. Evil is procreated by mankind.  If evil did not exist, there would be no basis for defining good, because all would be good. This only happens in Heaven. evil is subjective. where do you draw the line? if a squirrel gets run over in traffic, is that evil? what if its a small chilld? what if its a family? what if a family starves/burns/drowns to death? what if a plague wipes out a village? what if an earthquake demolishes a city? see where im going?  the pain caused by the destruction of natural disasters is the #1 reason atheists discredit that God can be at all a "loving God". the evil of man they have no problems accepting, but when a tsunami kills out the inhabitants of a coastal town, thats when you hear "how can God be loving if he allows these things to happen!"  but, for discussion sake, lets just remove the "human evil" from the world. this would mean that all feeling of grudge, guilt, any kind of bad feeling whatsoever. no "bad moods". pretty much, no emotions whatsoever. (if you ever get you hands on a movie called "equillibrium", it portrays a world where humans are void of emotions and therefore no crime. you will not be disappointed if you get this movie). without emotion, we end up in the same predicament, no feelings of joy or pleasure either.
We would not be human any more. I agree. In order to be human we be must in direct contact with evil, just as we are in direct contact with good. So as long as we are human, evil must exist. Eden was a place of bliss, a natural wonder...that also contained evil. It had in it the Tree of Life and the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil, among thousands of other fruit-bearing trees. God told man not to eat of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, but of all the rest they could freely eat - even of the Tree of Life. But, what did man do? You know the rest... It was because evil took us away from good, away from everlasting life (the Tree of Life) that we must now live with evil to take back what it has stolen. Until that happens we are under its influence daily. i would even dare say that adam and eve had no concept of what good was before they ate the fruit. they were living in an environment of no pain, but at the same time no joy or pleasure, just harmony and peace. there would be no way for them to even recognize how fortunate they were or how good they had it because there was nothing to compare God's goodness to. the very fruit that they ate was called the knowledge of good and evil. both would have to be introduced similtaneously, and there cannot be one without the other
i would even dare say that adam and eve had no concept of what good was before they ate the fruit. they were living in an environment of no pain, but at the same time no joy or pleasure, just harmony and peace. there would be no way for them to even recognize how fortunate they were or how good they had it because there was nothing to compare God's goodness to. the very fruit that they ate was called the knowledge of good and evil. both would have to be introduced similtaneously, and there cannot be one without the other Yes, in our limited view (from the cradle to the grave) that is logical. After they partook they were naked, physically of course from the beginning, which is a given, but more especially spiritually. God had to slay an animal (shed blood) to cover them, to protect them from evil.  But, where the Lord is, there is joy. They experienced the greatest of joy before they fell.
Yes, in our limited view (from the cradle to the grave) that is logical. After they partook they were naked, physically of course from the beginning, which is a given, but more especially spiritually. God had to slay an animal (shed blood) to cover them, to protect them from evil.  But, where the Lord is, there is joy. They experienced the greatest of joy before they fell. that may be true, but adam and eve could not identify that emotion as joy because they didnt know what sorrow was so they had no relative comparison. so what good would joy be unless you know of the sorrow that you are not experiencing? if everything were one temperature, say 100 degrees, how would we know what hot is and what cold is?
Question: 1005:Who is the Muslim&#8217;s God?   Answer: God is One God for all humanity. He is the Lord of the worlds, the only Creator, who created the universe mankind and all other forms of life. He is one and let there be no doubt - Muslims worship the God of Noah, Abraham, Moses, David and Jesus - peace be upon them all.   Muslims believe in God's oneness; He has no associate in His divinity, and they believe in His Lordship, His names, or His attributes, God says:   "He is the Lord of the heavens and the Earth and all that is in between them, so worship Him and be patient in His worship; do you know any equal to Him?" (19:65).    http://www.lordswords.com/faq/view_answers.asp?qid=1005  for more information http://www.islamonline.net/english/introducingislam/belief/Allah/article03.shtml
Question: 1005:Who is the Muslim?s God?   Answer: God is One God for all humanity. He is the Lord of the worlds, the only Creator, who created the universe mankind and all other forms of life. He is one and let there be no doubt - Muslims worship the God of Noah, Abraham, Moses, David and Jesus - peace be upon them all.   Muslims believe in God's oneness; He has no associate in His divinity, and they believe in His Lordship, His names, or His attributes, God says:   "He is the Lord of the heavens and the Earth and all that is in between them, so worship Him and be patient in His worship; do you know any equal to Him?" (19:65).    http://www.lordswords.com/faq/view_answers.asp?qid=1005  for more information http://www.islamonline.net/english/introducingislam/belief/Allah/article03.shtml  The odd thing about this is Muhammedans say that they 'respect' the Holy Books of the Jews and the Christians (viz The Bible) but the Bible itself quite clearly says God is triune in nature.
The odd thing about this is Muhammedans say that they 'respect' the Holy Books of the Jews and the Christians (viz The Bible) but the Bible itself quite clearly says God is triune in nature.    What Do Muslims Think About Jesus?     "Muslims respect and revere Jesus. They consider him one of the greatest of God's prophets and messengers to humankind. A Muslim never refers to him simply as "Jesus", but always adds the phrase "upon him be peace."   The Qur'an confirms his virgin birth, and a special surah of the Qur'an is entitled "Mary." The Qur'an describes the Annunciation as follows:   "'Behold (O Mary!)' The Angel said, 'God has chosen you, and purified you, and chosen you above the women of all nations. O Mary, God gives you good news of a word from Him, whose name shall be the Anointed (Masih or Messiah), Jesus son of Mary, honored in this world and in the hereafter, and one of those brought near to God. He shall speak to the people from his cradle and in maturity, and shall be of the righteous.'   "She said: 'O my Lord! How shall I have a son when no man has touched me?' He said: 'Even so; God creates what He wills. When He decrees a thing, He says to it, "Be!" and it is.'" (Qur'an 3:42-7)   Jesus was born miraculously through the same power that had brought Adam into being without a father: "Truly the likeness of Jesus with God is as the likeness of Adam. He created him of dust and then said to him, 'Be!' and he was." (Qur'an 3:59)   During his prophetic mission, Jesus performed many miracles. The Qur'an tells us that he said: "I have come to you with a sign from your Lord: I make for you out of clay, as it were, a figure of a bird, and breathe into it and it becomes a bird by God's leave. And I heal the blind, and the lepers, and I raise the dead by God's leave." (Qur'an 3:49)   Neither Muhammad nor Jesus came to change the basic doctrine of the belief in One God, brought by earlier prophets, but to confirm and renew it. In the Qur'an, Jesus is reported as saying that he came: "To attest the law which was before me. And to make lawful to you part of what was forbidden to you; I have come to you with a sign from your Lord, so fear God and obey me." (Qur'an 3:50)   The Prophet Muhammad said: "Whoever believes that there is none worthy of worship but God, alone without partner, that Muhammad is His messenger, that Jesus is the servant and messenger of God, His word which He bestowed on Mary and a spirit proceeding from Him, and that Paradise and Hell are true, shall be received by God into Heaven." (A Hadith from the collections of al Bukhari)" http://discover.islamway.com/articles.php?article_id=15
The odd thing about this is Muhammedans say that they 'respect' the Holy Books of the Jews and the Christians (viz The Bible) but the Bible itself quite clearly says God is triune in nature.     Who Invented Trinity?  "The three monotheistic religions - Judaism, Christianity, and Islam - all purport to share one fundamental concept: belief in God as the Supreme Being, the Creator and Sustainer of the Universe. Known as "tawhid" in Islam, this concept of the Oneness of God was stressed by Moses in a Biblical passage known as the "Shema," or the Jewish creed of faith:   "Hear, O Israel: The Lord our God is one Lord." (Deuteronomy 6:4)    It was repeated word-for-word approximately 1500 years later by Jesus when he said:   "...The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; the Lord our God is one Lord." (Mark 12:29)  Muhammad came along approximately 600 years later, bringing the same message again:   "And your God is One God: There is no God but He, ..." (The Qur'an 2:163)  Christianity has digressed from the concept of the Oneness of God, however, into a vague and mysterious doctrine that was formulated during the fourth century. This doctrine, which continues to be a source of controversy both within and without the Christian religion, is known as the Doctrine of the Trinity. Simply put, the Christian doctrine of the Trinity states that God is the union of three divine persons - the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit - in one divine being. If that concept, put in basic terms, sounds confusing, the flowery language in the actual text of the doctrine lends even more mystery to the matter:    "...we worship one God in Trinity, and Trinity in Unity... for there is one Person of the Father, another of the Son, another of the Holy Ghost is all one... they are not three gods, but one God... the whole three persons are co-eternal and co-equal... he therefore that will be save must thus think of the Trinity..." (excerpts from the Athanasian Creed)    Let's put this together in a different form: one person, God the Father + one person, God the Son + one person, God the Holy Ghost = one person, God the What? Is this English or is this gibberish? It is said that Athanasius, the bishop who formulated this doctrine, confessed that the more he wrote on the matter, the less capable he was of clearly expressing his thoughts regarding it. How did such a confusing doctrine get its start?    TRINITY IN THE BIBLE References in the Bible to a Trinity of divine beings are vague, at best. In Matthew 28:19, we find Jesus telling his disciples to go out and preach to all nations. While the "Great Commission" does make mention of the three persons who later become components of the Trinity, the phrase "...baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost" is quite clearly an addition to Biblical text - that is, not the actual words of Jesus - as can be seen by two factors:    1) Baptism in the early Church, as discussed by Paul in his letters, was done only in the name of Jesus; and  2) The "Great Commission" was found in the first gospel written, that of Mark, bears no mention of Father, Son and/or Holy Ghost - see Mark 16:15.  The only other reference in the Bible to a Trinity can be found in the Epistle of John 5:7, Biblical scholars of today, however, have admitted that the phrase "...there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one" is definitely a "later addition" to Biblical text, and it is not found in any of today's versions of the Bible. It can, therefore, be seen that the concept of a Trinity of divine beings was not an idea put forth by Jesus or any other prophet of God. This doctrine, now subscribed to by Christians all over the world, is entirely man-made in origin.    THE DOCTRINE TAKES SHAPE While Paul of Tarsus, the man who could rightfully be considered the true founder of Christianity, did formulate many of its doctrines, that of the Trinity was not among them. He did, however, lay the groundwork for such when he put forth the idea of Jesus being a "divine Son." After all, a Son does need a Father, and what about a vehicle for God's revelations to man? In essence, Paul named the principal players, but it was the later Church people who put the matter together. Tertullian, a lawyer and presbyter of the third century Church in Carthage, was the first to use the word "Trinity" when he put forth the theory that the Son and the Spirit participate in the being of God, but all are of one being of substance with the Father.    A FORMAL DOCTRINE IS DRAWN UP When controversy over the matter of the Trinity blew up in 318 between two church men from Alexandria - Arius, the deacon, and Alexander, his bishop - Emperor Constantine stepped into the fray. Although Christian dogma was a complete mystery to him, he did realize that a unified church was necessary for a strong kingdom. When negotiation failed to settle the dispute, Constantine called for the first ecumenical council in Church history in order to settle the matter once and for all. Six weeks after the 300 bishops first gathered at Nicea in 325, the doctrine of the Trinity was hammered out. The God of the Christians was now seen as having three essences, or natures, in the form of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.    THE CHURCH PUTS ITS FOOT DOWN The matter was far from settled, however, despite high hopes for such on the part of Constantine. Arius and the new bishop of Alexandria, a man named Athanasius, began arguing over the matter even as the Nicene Creed was being signed; "Arianism" became a catch-word from that time onward for anyone who did not hold to the doctrine of the Trinity. It wasn't until 451, at the Council of Chalcedon that, with the approval of the Pope, the Nicene/Constantinople Creed was set as authoritative. Debate on the matter was no longer tolerated; to speak out against the Trinity was now considered blasphemy, and such earned stiff sentences that ranged from mutilation to death. Christians now turned on Christians, maiming and slaughtering thousands because of a difference of opinion.    DEBATE CONTINUES Brutal punishments and even death did not stop the controversy over the doctrine of the Trinity, however, and the said controversy continues even today. The majority of Christians, when asked to explain this fundamental doctrine of their faith, can offer nothing more than "I believe it because I was told to do so." It is explained away as "mystery" - yet the Bible says in I Corinthians 14:33 that "... God is not the author of confusion..." The Unitarian denomination of Christianity has kept alive the teachings of Arius in saying that God is one; they do not believe in the Trinity. As a result, mainstream Christians abhor them, and the National Council of Churches has refused their admittance. In Unitarianism, the hope is kept alive that Christians will someday return to the preachings of Jesus:   "...Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve." (Luke 4:8)    ISLAM AND THE MATTER OF THE TRINITY While Christianity may have a problem defining the essence of God, such is not the case in Islam. "They do blaspheme who say: Allah is one of three in a Trinity, for there is no god except One God." (Qur'an 5:73) It is worth noting that the Arabic language Bible uses the name "Allah" as the name of God. Suzanne Haneef, in her book WHAT EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW ABOUT ISLAM AND MUSLIMS (Library of Islam, 1985), puts the matter quite succinctly when she says, "But God is not like a pie or an apple which can be divided into three thirds which form one whole; if God is three persons or possesses three parts, He is assuredly not the Single, Unique, Indivisible Being which God is and which Christianity professes to believe in." (pp. 183-184)   Looking at it from another angle, the Trinity designates God as being three separate entities - the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. If God is the Father and also the Son, He would then be the Father of Himself because He is His own Son. This is not exactly logical. Christianity claims to be a monotheistic religion. Monotheism, however, has as its fundamental belief that God is One; the Christian doctrine of the Trinity - God being Three-in-One - is seen by Islam as a form of polytheism. Christians don't revere just One God, they revere three. This is a charge not taken lightly by Christians, however. They, in turn, accuse the Muslims of not even knowing what the Trinity is, pointing out that the Qur'an sets it up as Allah the Father, Jesus the Son, and Mary his mother. While veneration of Mary has been a figment of the Catholic Church since 431 when she was given the title "Mother of God" by the Council of Ephesus, a closer examination of the verse in the Qur'an most often cited by Christians in support of their accusation, shows that the designation of Mary by the Qur'an as a "member" of the Trinity, is simply not true. While the Qur'an does condemn both trinitarianism (the Qur'an 4:17) and the worship of Jesus and his mother Mary (the Qur'an 5:116), nowhere does it identify the actual three components of the Christian Trinity. The position of the Qur'an is that WHO or WHAT comprises this doctrine is not important; what is important is that the very notion of a Trinity is an affront against the concept of One God.   In conclusion, we see that the doctrine of the Trinity is a concept conceived entirely by man; there is no sanction whatsoever from God to be found regarding the matter simply because the whole idea of a Trinity of divine beings has no place in monotheism. In the Qur'an, God's Final Revelations to mankind, we find His stand quite clearly stated in a number of eloquent passages:    "...your God is One God: whoever expects to meet his Lord, let him work righteousness, and, in the worship of his Lord, admit no one as partner." (Qur'an 18:110)  "...take not, with God, another object of worship, lest you should be thrown into Hell, blameworthy and rejected." (Qur'an 17:39)  ...Because, as God tells us over and over again in a Message that is echoed throughout All His Revealed Scriptures: "...I am your Lord and Cherisher: therefore, serve Me (and no other)..." (Qur'an 21:92) " http://www.islam101.com/religions/22_trinity.html
In the New Testament, we find the clear teaching of one God (I Tim. 2:5), and at the same time we are told that the Father is God (Romans 1:7), the Son is God (John 20:28), and the Holy Spirit is God (Acts 5:3-4).  You must remember too that 1 x 1 x 1 = 1. He is still one God.  Truthkeeper, you have ignored (again) volumes of evidence (it gives your username an ironic quality).  Genesis 1 26 Then God said, "Let us make man in our image, in our likeness, and let them rule over the fish of the sea and the birds of the air, over the livestock, over all the earth, and over all the creatures that move along the ground."  The very first chapter of the first book of the Bible has God reveal His nature.  Isaiah 6 8 Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, "Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?"  These are further evidences FROM THE OLD TESTAMENT...  "1. The use of plural forms.  Pronouns, where God speaking, uses "us" and "our": Genesis 3:22 Genesis 11:7 Isaiah 6:8. The most important reference is Genesis 1:26-27; it is here where the plurality is used in connection with the very nature of God. This last reference is the most important (and compelling) one because here God uses plural forms in the context of his own "image and likeness."   The plural form for "Lord" used frequently in the Old Testament:'adonai ("Lord," literally, "my Masters"). The vowel in the last syllable of 'adonai was apparently lengthened by rabbis in the post-New Testament period. This is thought to have been done to sharpen the distinction between earthly lords and the Lord God.    The Old Testament had a singular term for God, Eloah, which they occasionally used, but the vast majority of the time the plural form of God, Elohim, is used throughout the Old Testament. Had there been only be two persons within God, the Hebrews could have used a dual form Elohiayim, which was typically (although not always) used of things that occured in pairs.  2. Usage of "one" in a composite sense.  Even though the Old Testament teaches that God is "one," (Deuteronomy 6:4) this does not conflict in any way with Trinitarian beliefs. On the contrary, it actually helps to affirm them. One of the most compelling examples in the Old Testament of the composite sense of "one" is found in Genesis 2:24. Two people (created in the "image" of God) become "one flesh" in the marriage union (and thus a sense of the "image" in a composite sense). The use of the Hebrew word for "one" (eXad) in other passages similarly demonstrates that this word means "one entity" rather than a strictly single, solitary thing.  3. Theophanies, where Christ appears in the form of the "Angel (or Messenger) of the Lord."  The Old Testament presents striking examples of a Being who, although He appears in the form of a man, acts and speaks like God and is referred to as God. Mysteriously, He is both identified as God and distinguished from God. We find this in passages such as Genesis 16:7-13; 18-19; 22:11-18; Exodus 3:2-6; 23:20-23; Judges 6:11-14, 20-22; 13:21-23). Note also how Zechariah 12:8 equates God and the Angel of the Lord. These Theophanies were prepartory for the incarnation in that they anticipated the coming of a Heavenly Visitor who would one day be both truly God and man.  4. The "Son" passages:  The Old Testament describes a Being who is uniquely a human-divine Son. In the light of the New Testament we see that Jesus in His Being is the fulfillment of the Son of Man, the Son of God, and the Son-King (of which Solomon was a foreshadowing).  Proverbs 30:4  Isaiah 9:6 He is a son and child, but also the "mighty God."   Psalm 2:7-12 (although the translation of "son" in verse 12 can be disputed) This Psalm describes a Son-King who receives the nations as His inheritance.   Daniel 7:13-14 This passage forms the background behind Christ's use of the Messianic title "Son of Man." Note that the contexts of Psalm 2 and Daniel 7 have identical strands of thought: the inheriting of all the kingdoms of the earth. The word "Son of Man" does not here mean "a mortal man"--one from among the "sons of men." The point here is not that the Person is perfectly human. The significance of the title "Son of Man' in this passage is fourfold:   His exalted personality as the One who comes from heaven and opposes the beastly human powers, which come from earth (Daniel 7:3)  His advent in conjunction with the reappearance of the theophanic glory cloud (7:13),  His free access to the 'One who is an ancient of days' (God the Father, 7:13), and  His universal and everlasting reign (7:14). (J. B. Payne, Theology of the Older Testament, p. 265.)  5. The use of pronouns suggesting more than one Person within God.  The LORD talking, uses both "Me" and "Him" referring to the same Being (Christ) in Zechariah 12:10  The Angel of the Lord speaking, uses both "from Me" and "fearer of God" in referring to the same entity (Genesis 22:12).  6. Passages that identify two Beings as God or LORD (YHWH).   Genesis 19:23 (YHWH in heaven versus YHWH on earth)  Psalm 45:6-7 (God referring to Another as "God")  Zechariah 3:1-2 (YHWH calling upon YHWH: "And the LORD said unto Satan, The LORD rebuke thee, O Satan"  7. The Holy Spirit is linked with God and given attributes of personality.  All three Persons of the Trinity can be seen in Isaiah 63:8-10, but most importantly we see here the personality of the Holy Spirit. He is "vexed, grieved" by disobedience. This verb in Hebrew is always used in conjuntion with persons (or God and gods); never of inanimate things http://www.biblicalresources.info/pages/ot1/trinityot.html  The ancient Semitic name for God may also contain some hint of plurality in the Godhead. Elohim is the plural of el ?God.? Again, is this merely a grammatical peculiarity or a cryptic reference to the Trinity to be fully revealed in the New Testament? Isaiah 6:3, with the seraphim calling ?Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts,? has also been taken as an indication of the triuneness of God. And it is interesting that the seraphim have three sets of wings with which to veil themselves. http://www.catholic.net/rcc/Periodicals/Faith/1998-01-02/trinity.html  Proofs for a Trinity abound in the earliest Christian writings...(note, I am an Orthodox Christian so I will also be giving extra-Biblical quotes as well).    Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. Your argument is that everywhere we've got the Greek mixed up - we who compiled the Bible in Greek! In effect your argument is, that if you re-write the Bible your Bible interpretations are correct - because we hold true to the Orthodox dogmatic teaching that we've always held.  They are one...  I John 5  7  "There are those that bear record in heaven: the Father, the Word, and the Holy Spirit: and these three are one"    Jesus said John 10  38  But if I do it, even though you do not believe me, believe the miracles, that you may know and understand that the Father is in me, and I in the Father."     They are of one accord  John 5  21  For just as the Father raises the dead and gives them life, even so the Son gives life to whom he is pleased to give it.     Jesus is equal to God  Colossians 1  19  "For God was pleased to have all His fullness dwell in Him"    Jesus has the power and wisdom of God  1 Cor 1  24  "...Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God."    Jesus Himself commanded  Matthew 28  19  Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit  In this passage, the Father, the Son, and the Spirit are said to share one name (notice that the term "name" is singular, not plural), and that name is almost certainly Yahweh, the personal name of God in the Bible. We know this because the name Yahweh is applied to both the Father and the Son in the New Testament.      Jesus is eternal like God  Hebrews 13: 8 Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever.    St. Ignatius of Antioch was a disciple of St. Peter and he wrote...  Epistle to the Magnesians  "CHAPTER 7  7:1 Therefore as the Lord did nothing without the Father, [being united with Him],"  http://www.earlychristianwritings.c...-lightfoot.html    The unity of them is continually repeated...  He opens his Epistle to the Philadelphians  "Ignatius, who is also Theophorus, to the church of God the Father and of Jesus Christ, which is in Philadelphia of Asia..."  http://www.earlychristianwritings.c...-lightfoot.html  Epistle to the Magnesians    Again in his opening address to his Epistle the Romans  "Ignatius, who is also Theophorus, unto her that hath found mercy in the bountifulness of the Father Most High and of Jesus Christ His only Son; to the church that is beloved and enlightened through the will of Him who willed all things that are, by faith   and love towards Jesus Christ our God; even unto her that hath the presidency in the country of the region of the Romans, being worthy of God, worthy of honour, worthy of felicitation, worthy of praise, worthy of success, worthy in purity, and having the presidency of love, walking in the law of Christ and bearing the Father's name; which church also I salute in the name  of Jesus Christ the Son of the Father; unto them that in flesh and spirit are united unto His every commandment, being filled with the grace of God without wavering, and filtered clear from every foreign stain; abundant greeting in Jesus Christ our God in blamelessness."  http://www.earlychristianwritings.c...-lightfoot.html    Note Jesus is His only Son. He is given a special status from that of any other person - no prophet here is mentioned.    God and Jesus, Jesus and God. He says Jesus is the only Son of God, no mention that Satan is a co-creation equal to Jesus. Jesus is the Son of God, He is also God.   Epistle to the Ephesians  CHAPTER 5  5:1 For if I in a short time had such converse with your bishop, which was not after the manner of men but in the Spirit, how much more do I congratulate you who are closely joined with him as the Church is with Jesus Christ and as Jesus Christ is with the Father, that all things may be harmonious in unity.  http://www.earlychristianwritings.c...-lightfoot.html    That is, unity of the community, of the church, of Christ with God.   But also 'three' comes up so many times,  Further in his Epistle to the Ephesians  CHAPTER 19  19:1 And hidden from the prince of this world were the virginity of Mary and her child-bearing and likewise also the death of the Lord -- three mysteries to be cried aloud -- the which were wrought in the silence of God.  Ibid  "The episkopoi's immediate subordinates were the `presbyteroi' and the `diakonoi' who together with him constituted the higher Kleroi, a trinity if you will: the Father (episkopos), Son (diakonos) and spirit-filled apostolic council (presbyteroi)"  http://www.thecosmiccontext.de/chri.../Ignatius1.html  As stated earlier, the organisation of the Church reflected the triune nature of God. One Church, three offices of clergy.    This reflects the passages in Scripture that say that Jesus was with the fullness of God, that is, they are united, and they are equal.  1 Cor 1  24  "...Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God."    Which is why Jesus Himself commanded  Matthew 28  19  Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,     Thus the Didache* (written after 50 AD but before 120AD; and again, well before some of the books of the Bible were written) states...  7:1 But concerning baptism, thus shall ye baptise.  7:2 Having first recited all these things, baptise in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit in living (running) water.  http://www.earlychristianwritings.c...-lightfoot.html    Thus the Trinity was know well before the Bible was even put together.    Peter tells us, "David did not ascend into the heavens; but he himself says, ?The Lord said to my Lord, Sit at my right hand, till I make your enemies a stool for your feet.? Let all the house of Israel therefore know assuredly that God has made him both Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom you crucified" (Acts 2:34?36). Here God is "the Lord" who speaks to "my Lord," Jesus. When one looks at the Old Testament quotation, one finds, "Yahweh says to my Lord: ?Sit at my right hand, till I make your enemies your footstool?" (Ps. 110:1); so here the Father is called Yahweh.   In Philippians 2:10?11, we read: "[A]t the name of Jesus every knee should bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord." This is a reference to Isaiah 45:18?24, which tells us: "I, Yahweh, speak the truth . . . I am God, and there is no other. By myself I have sworn. . . . To me every knee shall bow, every tongue confess. ?Only in Yahweh,? it shall be said of me, ?are righteousness and strength.? " Here Paul applies the prophecy of every knee bending and every tongue confessing to Jesus, resulting in the prophecy that they will "confess that Jesus Christ is Yahweh." The stress on Christ as God is also picked up by the early Church Fathers (e.g., Ignatius, below).   Jesus himself declares that he is Yahweh ("I AM," in English translation). In John 8:58, when questioned about how he has special knowledge of Abraham, Jesus replies, "Truly, truly, I say to you, before Abraham was, I AM." His audience understood exactly who he was claiming to be. "So they took up stones to throw at him; but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple" (John 8:59).     With the personal name of God, Yahweh, being applied to both the Father and the Son, it is almost certainly applied to the Spirit, and thus to all three members of the Trinity.     The parallelism of the Father, the Son, and the Spirit is not unique to Matthew?s Gospel, but appears elsewhere in the New Testament (e.g., 2 Cor. 13:14, Heb. 9:14), as well as in the writings of the earliest Christians, who clearly understood them in the sense that we do today?that the Father, the Son, and the Spirit are three divine persons who are one divine being (God).  http://www.catholic.com/library/Trinity.asp   Lastly, if you have the time, there's an interesting article at http://www.visi.com/~contra_m/ab/schirrmacher/trinoldt.html
I can't claim originality for this proof, but I have never heard any good refutation of it.  That's because its sophistry. Its an inherent contradiction and it simply means we don't have the capacity to understand it. Another more common example is that the assertion that the universe cannot be endless, and yet as far as we know it is. Trying to understand it is for us humans like an ant trying to fathom the theory of relativity.  Damn are we ever conceited as a race...we seem to think that if we can't understand something, it cannot be. We also tend to think, in every generation, that we have achieved somehow the pinnacle of progress.
This silly argument has been around for ages. It is gracious of you not to claim originality.  The argument is flawed in that it displaces the concept of universe and space. If you're going to confine us to human logic, you cannot dismiss these concepts.  If God built a rock so big he couldn't move it, it would be only because the rock had to be so big as to take up all available physical space in the universe and therefore not be movable at all...by any power whatsoever. There would be no place to which it could be moved.  But then, God could "remove" the rock by destroying it.  So the answer to your question is, "Yes, God can make a rock so big that He can't move it. Then after He makes it, He can unmake it."  Like I said, this is a silly argument often forwarded by those who doubt the power of God and continually quest for some disproval of His existence. You'll never succeed. I know it and God knows it. Not only is He omnipotent, He is omniscient.  Go figure!
hey! i was gonna say the same thing jim just said, whadya know!  but basically, God cannot do the illogical, like create a round square, simply because it cannot be done. it is by nature illiogical for any rock to be unbreakable, no matter how hard it is. in fact, something as simple as adding 2+2 and getting 3 is impossible for God. that doesnt make him less omnipotent, just means that there are certain illogicalities that can never exist
By Reduction to the Absurd:   Yes this is absurd.  All things are subject to the Will of God the Creator. Nothing exists or can exist that is not subject to God's Will.  God is not perfect at everything. God is not perfectly evil either.   Your analogy is flawed.  Try again.
What about this hypothetical rock? Can it exist?  Or, does this mean that God himself requires God's Will to exist? Cyclical! :xbanghead   No it can not exist without being subject to God's Will.  The only way the hypotehtical Rock could exist would be if God would deem to give the rock Free Will and then deem to honor the rock's Free Will as God honors Free Will -- the vast majority of the time -- within people.  This hypothetical is rather pedistrian.
No it can not exist without being subject to God's Will.  The only way the hypotehtical Rock could exist would be if God would deem to give the rock Free Will and then deem to honor the rock's Free Will as God honors Free Will -- the vast majority of the time -- within people.  This hypothetical is rather pedistrian. an unbreakable rock cannot exist, simply because its illogical, not because of God's will. as long as something is classified as a rock, or any other solid for that matter, it can break. in the same way God cannot create a round square.   then again, God can set limits on himself, in that he can create a situation that he himself cannot revoke. in a way it is similar to the hard rock question. for instance, God cannot undo his word. if he says something will happen, or never happen, then it can never be undone. according to genesis, one of the things God cannot do is destroy the earth by water. in this sense, here is something God cannot do. by God's own declarations he limits his possible actions. but it doesnt make him less than omnipotent. he still possesses the ABILITY to destroy the earth by global flood, but he cannot because he cannot lie, and for every declaration he makes, its one more thing he cannot do
an unbreakable rock cannot exist, simply because its illogical, not because of God's will. as long as something is classified as a rock, or any other solid for that matter, it can break. in the same way God cannot create a round square.   then again, God can set limits on himself, in that he can create a situation that he himself cannot revoke. in a way it is similar to the hard rock question. for instance, God cannot undo his word. if he says something will happen, or never happen, then it can never be undone. according to genesis, one of the things God cannot do is destroy the earth by water. in this sense, here is something God cannot do. by God's own declarations he limits his possible actions. but it doesnt make him less than omnipotent. he still possesses the ABILITY to destroy the earth by global flood, but he cannot because he cannot lie, and for every declaration he makes, its one more thing he cannot doGood point.
 in the same way God cannot create a round square.      God can do whatever He wants. Although one can say "God does not" or "God is not", a thiest believeing in and worshipping the God of Abraham and Joachim I do not think should ever say "God can not" anything....  With God, all things and everything is possible.   Sentiments such as those expressed above in my view seem to be evident in Western Christianity where it seems believers are too often trying to bring God down to our level, imposing limits etc.
God can do whatever He wants. Although one can say "God does not" or "God is not", a thiest believeing in and worshipping the God of Abraham and Joachim I do not think should ever say "God can not" anything....  With God, all things and everything is possible.   Sentiments such as those expressed above in my view seem to be evident in Western Christianity where it seems believers are too often trying to bring God down to our level, imposing limits etc. a round square? how do you suppose that such a thing can exist? if God is all powerful, it simply means he can do anything that can be done. some things cannot be done. and not because it is too difficult a task, simply because it is illogical.   can God exist and not exist at the same time? If it is not possible to comprehend God... then why do people even try? because many people disagree or are not satisfied with this answer. you can never disprove (or prove) the existence of a incomprehendible (thats a word, right?) God. to accept that God cannot be comprehended makes you a theist or agnostic. for atheists, God should be comprehendible, and since he is not (i.e., a comprendible God does not exist), then they feel their view is right  can we all agree that a comprehendible God doesnt exist?
a round square? how do you suppose that such a thing can exist? if God is all powerful, it simply means he can do anything that can be done. some things cannot be done. and not because it is too difficult a task, simply because it is illogical.   can God exist and not exist at the same time?  because many people disagree or are not satisfied with this answer. you can never disprove (or prove) the existence of a incomprehendible (thats a word, right?) God. to accept that God cannot be comprehended makes you a theist or agnostic. for atheists, God should be comprehendible, and since he is not (i.e., a comprendible God does not exist), then they feel their view is right  can we all agree that a comprehendible God doesnt exist?   incomprehendible (thats a word, right?) You're close. It's "incomprehensible".  ...and I agree. If we could comprehend God, we'd be his equal...and we ain't!
And if we somehow knew he existed throug a mere conjecture, i.e. blind faith, then we would be his superior!Blind faith in anything has nothing to do with superiority.
If he cannot lie, then there is something he cannot do.So? This does not diminish His power. There is power in truth, weakness in lying.
So? This does not diminish His power. There is power in truth, weakness in lying.  So you don't believe in telling white lies? Are you saying you have never lied (or at least since you've come to know that there is weakness in lying)?   And by definition power is "ability or capacity to do something: the ability, skill, or capacity to do something". This is the most relevant definition, it also has strength, political control, and other irrelevant definitions. So if one ability is taken away (lying), even if it is bad, he is less powerful. Even if he would never do it in the first place if he was able to do it, he is still less powerful without the power to lie.
So you don't believe in telling white lies? Are you saying you have never lied (or at least since you've come to know that there is weakness in lying)? What twisted logic book did you use to come up with that question? My opinion (that truth is powerful and lying is a weakness) says absolutely nothing about my habits or false claims of complete honesty.    And by definition power is "ability or capacity to do something: the ability, skill, or capacity to do something". This is the most relevant definition, it also has strength, political control, and other irrelevant definitions. So if one ability is taken away (lying), even if it is bad, he is less powerful. Even if he would never do it in the first place if he was able to do it, he is still less powerful without the power to lie.You left out energy and work.  This entire argument is inconsequential and fruitless. It has already been admitted there are things that God cannot do. It is also inconsequential that He cannot do those things. He's still the most powerful being in existence.  There are some things that He likely won't do even though He could...like magically appear and change a flat tire for you. He may however, grant you the strength to do it yourself, or send a good samaritan to do it for you.
By Reduction to the Absurd:  Suppose that God is in fact all-powerful. If he is all-powerful, then he can do anything. Yet this raises the question, "If God can do anything, can he make a rock so hard that he himself cannot break it?"  If the answer is yes, then God cannot break this rock, so there is something he cannot do.  If the answer is no, then he cannot make such a rock, and thus there is also something he cannot do.  Therefore, it is impossible that God can do everything, and it is thus impossible for him to be all powerful.  I can't claim originality for this proof, but I have never heard any good refutation of it, and yet people still act as if God is all powerful despite the absurdity of such a notion. :xbanghead If there is a refutation, then I'd like to hear it.  The question is illogical. By declaring the existence of an all powerful God then saying God cannot do something is not a comment on his powerfulness but rather the direct representation of his nature. Your question by its very statement does not test wether or not God is all powerful but wether or not God is comprehensible. See another thread for that topic.  The statement that God is all powerful defines his nature. To state then that he cannot do something outside of his nature as proof of the non existence of his nature is circular in logic.
No, it tests whether he is all-powerful. The proof shows that the very notion of all-powerfulness leads to other notions that are absurd, such as the unbreakable rock or, someone else posted, the round square. This is called "reduction to the absurd" and it is a valid logical method. It has been used to prove that 1/0 is undefinable.    I stated that he cannot do something inside of his own nature, that is, his nature doubles back on itself and is contradictory. Similarly if someone spoke of something that is "both green and not green at the same time and in the same sense" I can disprove this statement using the Law of Non Contradiction. Of course, one can pull off the rubbish argument that "it is incomprehensible, therefore it is true." As I stated earler, such an argument is fallacious.  Your statement is a logical fallacy. It is not proof but simply illogical. The fallacy is called the fallacy of inconsistency. You argue from two contradictory premises. 1) God is all Powerful, 2) God can not do something.  You state one as the conclusion of the other but that is just a funny way of stating two premises. The statement is illogical. Look up your favorite text on logical fallacies and you will see that I am right.
okay, well i think that you are just finding reasons to go against Him. I think that you had some bad experiances when you were younger or a while ago that made you turn on God. You are looking for reasons, not very good ones i might add, to convince people.....either way, God loves you. :)
Here come the Christians, thinking they can know everything by guessing, and commiting the genetic fallacy left and right.  I actually find your post here offensive.  But for the sake of argument here is the logic as you state it.  premise-God is all powerful step toward conclusion - God can do anything step two -God can create a rock he cannot lift - Step three - God cannot lift the rock conclusion - God is not all powerful  Problem with your logic is thus. Step two is not based on step one. It is a second premise. The fact that a being is all powerful precludes step two. Therefore, contradictory PREMISES. Therefore, fallacy of the inconsitency.  Perhaps he did guess. Perhaps he was right. Irrelevant. You argue vehemently for something that is CLEARLY illogical. The proof is in what you state.   You do not simply reduce to the absurd. You use a logical fallacy. Reduction to the absurd is also, if you study it further, actually not reduction but inflation to the extreme and denies plausability of the premise and, well you get the point.   The fallacy of inconsistency is very often used in political debates. It is the easiest hidden by making a premise look like a conclusion which is what that statement has done. You are not the first to post this argument, although undoubtedly, you thought you were. This has been argued almost as often as the statement that "there are no absolutes" a statement that is inconsistent in its very existency (being an absolute statement).   Please read some of the other posts on this topic. Egads man, try an original thought instead of posting someone elses idea and trying to defend it. It is a common statement used by those that are strictly "anti-christian" which your above quoted statement clearly shows you to be.   I am christian. I am also logical (most of the time). I am also human and make errors. The best arguments on this forum, are original ideas that have developed from study. Not simple attacks.   While the comment by "God-is-real" may have been unwelcome, you merely prove his point by your prejudicial reaction (lumping all christians together into some category YOU think appropriate).  Ad hominem will get neither of you anywhere. I have also found the simple God loves you highly insufficient for many. For others, welcome.
I apologize for that statement. I just thought that his air of superiority when he was preaching to be simply sickening.  This is precisely the point. Your apology is accepted. However, I think I am done on this subject. You will not accept the logical fallacy in your argument and I beleive that I have made my point sufficiently. No point in beating it to death.   Thanks for the debate.
I think your assertion that the proof is fallacious is a result of the fact that you're attacking the wrong proof.  To restate the proof in premise/conclusion form, it would look like this.  Premise #1: - If God is all powerful, then he can do this (the rock thing.) Premise #2: - This is impossible due to the Law of Non-Contradiction. Conclusion: - God is not all-powerful.  It is based on a completely valid logical method:  Premise #1: - If P, then Q Premise #2: - Q is false Conclusion: - P is false you have proven that God cannot do the illogical. no argument there. an unbreakable rock simply cannot exist. a solid not made of atoms or molecules cannot exist, unless it is a single subatomic particle, and then it is not a rock. there is no solid that can be possibly so hard that it cannot be split into smaller parts.  God is all-powerful God can do anything that can be done God cannot do what cannot be done God is still all-powerful
To take God out of the issue, I'll say that this proof is merely a corollary of the proof that nothing can be all-powerful. this argument was made before. in the proof that God exist, they substitute "can do anything" with "can do anything that is possible". so rather than the definition "all-powerful being" they (people who discuss the proof of the existsence of God) use the definition "most powerful being possible". the illogical and impossible cannot be entertained because all we'd prove is that impossible things exist (well not that they exist, but that we can describe the logically impossible). we'd only prove that there are some things that are simply impossible.   so you are right, nothing is truly "all-powerful", not even a concievable God.  sticking to the realm of possible, let's define God as "most powerful being possible", shall we?
So tell me, what is the largest integer possible? why need there be a largest possiblr integer? what does this have to do with anything?
hey! i was gonna say the same thing jim just said, whadya know!  but basically, God cannot do the illogical, like create a round square, simply because it cannot be done. it is by nature illiogical for any rock to be unbreakable, no matter how hard it is. in fact, something as simple as adding 2+2 and getting 3 is impossible for God. that doesnt make him less omnipotent, just means that there are certain illogicalities that can never exist  Ditto. To unkerpaulie, you are good! I really enjoyed reading your post, especially the last part: "just means that there are cerain illogicalities that can never exist". I would also say that God is also a logical being from whom we derive our logic - which appears to be missing in the original post...  The original post does not put limits on God's power, just, as unkerpaulie said, there are certain illogicalities that can never exist.
To Dzeron: You only read Scenario 1, which was: step two -God can create a rock he cannot lift - Step three - God cannot lift the rock conclusion - God is not all powerful Scenario Two was - God cannot create such a rock - Therefore, there is something God cannot do - Therefore, God is not all-powerful The only case in which God could truly be all-powerful is if he can somehow both create an unbreakable rock and then break it, which defies the Law of Non Contradiction and is thus absurd. Thus, the notion of all-powerfulness, which leads to such a notion, is also absurd.  You are side stepping unkerpaulie's argument that there are obviously certain illogicalities that can never exist, e.g. a round square, two sided triangle, etc. With this argument considered, your whole argument against the notion of an all powerful God breaks down.  In reference to your number/power analogy, we refer to the largest number as "infinity ". Similary, God would be infinitively powerful. Basically, you cannot get any more powerful.
It's an analogy between the "the being as powerful as possible" and "the integer as large as possible."  No matter what integer I pick, I can always add 1 to it and it will be larger.  Similarly, no matter how powerful a being is, I can always imagine a more powerful one. yes, but with integers, magnitude is limitless. in the realm of the possible there are limits. somethings are logically possible, somethings are not. its not simply a case of adding 1 to the last possible thing there is.   think in terms of a venn diagram, where the universal set is "everything". the subset "everything possible" and "everything impossible" are disjoint. and all elements fall into either of the two sets. God can do everything in the "everything possible" set, but not in the "everything not possible" set.  there is no greater ossible being than the being that can do everything in the "everything possible" set. if it gets any bigger, it overlaps the "everything impossible" set and cannot exist  hope it makes sense
Christians, please clear you minds All of you commit the mistake of "incorrect classification" about the  "God and Stone" question  You confound things like "a square circle" with "making a stone that one cannot pick up"  the former is certainly illogical, but the latter is not, workers who build viaducts have to make big concrete stone that they cannot lift by their hands. It 's absolutely possible in real world, and if it's possible in real world, how can it be impossible in the realm  of logic? Please don't shy away from the "God and Stone" question by instictively saying that "God cannot do illogical things" just because the question challenge your unoffendable icon .God has already made a rock so big that nobody can move it.  It's called Ayer's Rock, in the center of Australia.  Then there's also Stone Mountain in Georgia, the largest monolithic piece of exposed granite in the world.  :)
so , can god make a stone he can't lift?It doesn't matter. I suppose if He wanted to, He could do it, then undo it.  I believe it's already been shown in this thread that there are things that God can't do.  So what? There's still nothing more powerful!
Christians, please clear you minds All of you commit the mistake of "incorrect classification" about the  "God and Stone" question  You put a completely logical thing into the illogical category You confound things like "a square circle" with "making a stone that one cannot pick up"  the former is certainly illogical, but the latter is not, workers who build viaducts have to make big concrete stone that they cannot lift by their hands. It 's absolutely possible in real world, and if it's possible in real world, how can it be impossible in the realm  of logic? Please don't shy away from the "God and Stone" question by instictively saying that "God cannot do illogical things" just because the question challenge your unoffendable icon . the question was originally about an unbreakable rock. an unbreakable solid cannot exist, no matter how hard it is. hardness is relative, not absolute, therefore something cannot be infinitely hard. not only that, but all solids (rocks included) are made up of particles. even if the particles are extremely well bonded, they can possibly separate. the strengh of particle bonding is also relative  in the case of a rock so big God cannot lift it, the only concievable rock of that nature is a rock of infinite volume and mass. such a rock would use up all the space in the universe. since moving something means taking it from one place and putting it in another place, there would be no place that this rock would not be, and therefore no place to move the rock to. in such a case, we can say yes, God wouldn't be able to move this rock. if we want to be technical, then if God is powerful enough to create a rock of infinite volume and mass, then thats pretty dam powerful. even if he can't move such a rock, it would only be because its illogical to move a rock that takes up infinite space, not because God's ability is limited
So you admit that god is not omnipotent? if so,well, the foundation of Christianity is tottering.I admit nothing of the sort. God is omnipotent- ALMIGHTY, having virtually  unlimited authority or influence. (Webster's)  I doubt the foundation of Christianity depends at all on what I think. :p
you just give me irrelevant, useless, definition from the dictionary you are still unable to refute my words with reasonsIrrelevancy is in the eye of the beholder.  When using the Engish language, one usually refers to English definitions of words. I don't know which of your words need refuting. The argument presented is meaningless. You are merely trying to say that God is not infinitely powerful because here is an illogical thing that He cannot do. I and others have already admitted that there are things that God cannot or will not ever do. (He won't send another flood. He won't lie to us. He won't deny a believer entry into Heaven., etc)  Whether the rock can be made or not is totally inconsequential to the belief that God is omnipotent.  If you don't want to use the accepted definitions of words, you have no business arguing with people who do.
a man insists that God is omnipotent  God is so powerful that he creates the world,a universe of which no man can see the boundary, everything in the universe comes from him. when asked whether god can make a stone he cannot lift, he says god's power is not limited even if he cannot create that stone because "the rock takes up infinite space" So a god who creates an infinite universe from nothingness cannot creates an infinite stone. the man who makes this kind of "argument" is either shameless, or mindless i said that an all-powerful God CAN create a stone of infinite size and mass  again, the crux is: can he lift this stone?  to move something means to take it from a place it is to a place it is not. if the stone is infinitely large that it takes up thin entire universe, then there is nowhere that this stone is not, and therefore nowhere it can be moved to  P.S. this man also has a misconception about logic  moving a big object in insufficient space is "impracticable", not "illogical" we are sometimes met by problems like moving a new sofa into our home but the door is too small, will you say this act is illogical? moving a big sofa through a small door is possible if you break the doorway wider or you break the sofa down smaller. it is "impractical" if it doesnt seem worth the work just to get the sofa in the room. if getting the sofa in the room is worth the effort, then breaking it apart or knocking the wall out becomes practical. practical is relative  in the case of moving a solid object of volume X in a space of volume X, that is illogical. the only way something can move is if there is an empty space it can move to. if there is no empty space the object can move to, then it simply cannot be moved. get it?
I'd like to refute the point that has been make about the rock that God cannot break.  My original question was "Can God make a rock that He cannot break?"  It has been fallaciously assumed that the rock is infinitely hard.  The rock doesn't have to be infinitely hard, it just has to be too hard for God to break. well then it wouldnt be too hard for God to break. as long as its breakable, God can break it.   which would satisfy the first scenario: God cannot make such a rock  an unbreakable rock cannot exist, so God cannot make it. a rock that is extremely hard, as hard as possible, is still breakable, therefore God can break it
Hello Yang: making a stone that one cannot lift is not illogical!  In the physical universe that we are in now, no. But as unkerpaulie pointed out in, I think it was post 60 of this thread, that an infinite rock (as far as mass, volume, radius, etc.) would take up all the space avaible (even assuming that the universe was infinitively large), so where do you propose God lift the rock from and where do you propose that he move the infinitely large rock to? You have not answered this fundamental question. Your objection (notice the word "refutation" is not used) to unkerpaulie's argument is as follows: So a god who creates an infinite universe from nothingness cannot creates an infinite stone. the man who makes this kind of "argument" is either shameless, or mindless again, the crux is: can he lift this stone?   Where in this have you replied to unkerpaulie's statement? The only thing that you do say is trying to destroy his/her reputation, i.e. "shameless, or mindless." It is ironic that you accuse others of being these, when you yourself may be committing these accusations (e.g. "You distort, or purposely deny" [parts of a persons post]) These words are not needed here. You are also, in the first statement are not getting what unkerpaulie is saying (or purposely "distorting" it ;). unkerpaulie said that God can create an infinite rock, but as he/she describes later, God cannot lift the rock into "nothingness". When God creates more space, than the rock is no longer infinitively large (by way of radius, mass, volume, etc.).   The last part of the above statement refutes your statement: again you words slap back on your face why doesn't god expand the universe so that the stone can be moved freely? like widening the doorway?    If He creates more space, then the infinite rock cannot be infinitively large or heavy unless it was to also expand into the more space that God created - thus defeating the purpose of God creating more space. Your argument about "expanding the universe" does not stand up to reason (or logic) as the rock (infinitively large, heavy, etc.) would no longer be infinitively large (by way of mass, radius, etc.).  Getting back to the original question, can God create a rock that He cannot break - how did we get to God lifting an infinitively large rock when the topic is about God making a rock so hard that He cannot break it (i.e. unbreakable)?? As unkerpaulie stated in post 11 in this thread, i.e. an unbreakable rock is illogical because anything that is solid can be broken. Therefore, this whole objection to God being all powerful is flawed from the start.
Yes, but can he make a rock that is not completely unbreakable, yet too hard for him to break it? i guess not... he could choose to not break the rock, but it wouldnt be because he is unable to...  an unbreakable rock cannot exist. and no matter how hard God makes the rock, he can break it. a rock can only be as hard as possible, and even at that degree of hardness, it can still be broken.   so i guess the answer is no, God cannot create a rock that he cannot break.
do not shun the words "he cannot lift" you have said that god cannot lift a stone of infinite size and mass  therefore the whole sentence should be  "An all-powerful god can create a stone of infinite size and mass that he cannot lift." And it's apparently self-defeating. An all-powerful God can create a stone of infinite size and mass that he cannot lift.  this is because lifting is a form of movement. in order to move something, you must have and empty space to move it to. a rock that fills up the infinite universe leaves no empty space to move to, therefore it cannot be moved or lifted  again you words slap back on your face why doesn't god expand the universe so that the stone can be moved freely? like widening the doorway?  once he can't lift the stone, he is not omnipotent! because there is nothing bigger than infinity. you cannot make a universe of infinite size bigger than it is. it is impossiple to expand something that is already infinite
i guess not... he could choose to not break the rock, but it wouldnt be because he is unable to...  an unbreakable rock cannot exist. and no matter how hard God makes the rock, he can break it. a rock can only be as hard as possible, and even at that degree of hardness, it can still be broken.   so i guess the answer is no, God cannot create a rock that he cannot break. lol, this one really made me think... i must say :p  ok, before you start jumping up and down, consider this: the hardest stone God can create is the hardest possible stone. no stone harder than this can possibly exist, therefore God cannot make a stone harder than the hardest possible stone. but even the hardest possible stone can be broken.  the only reason why God cannot create a stone so hard that he cannot break it is that a stone harder than possible cannot exist. such a stone is illogical. if it cannot logically exist, then God being unable to create it still can do anything possible, and thus maintaining all-powerful status  p.s., it is difficult to write things like these and keep a straight face. discussions like these are really amusing to me
To Dzeron: You only read Scenario 1, which was: step two -God can create a rock he cannot lift - Step three - God cannot lift the rock conclusion - God is not all powerful Scenario Two was - God cannot create such a rock - Therefore, there is something God cannot do - Therefore, God is not all-powerful The only case in which God could truly be all-powerful is if he can somehow both create an unbreakable rock and then break it, which defies the Law of Non Contradiction and is thus absurd. Thus, the notion of all-powerfulness, which leads to such a notion, is also absurd.  You are side stepping unkerpaulie's argument that there are obviously certain illogicalities that can never exist, e.g. a round square, two sided triangle, etc. With this argument considered, your whole argument against the notion of an all powerful God breaks down.  In reference to your number/power analogy, we refer to the largest number as "infinity ". Similary, God would be infinitively powerful. Basically, you cannot get any more powerful.  This is the point I was trying to make. The fallacy of Inconsistency is defined by these very statements. "certain illogicalities can never exist." It is why the argument starts out as fallacious. It is not a misunderstanding of the premise, it is precisely a PROPER understanding of the premises.  Thanks for the support from Unker and Nu.
...  Jim's claim of "god is omnipotent and omniscient, is equally nonsensical. Ominpotence cannot be understood, it's unknowable.Perhaps by you this is true.     But, to tie this all back into a more useful example:  If God is omniscient, he knows everything that will happen and has happened. If God is omnipotent, he can do anything.Virtually anything!    That's contradictory. If he knows what will happen, then he cannot change what will happen, and is thus, not omniscient. These are contradictory.Not being able to change something would be an indication of not being omnipotent. Here is another example of your inadequacies.    So theists can choose, either to discuss meaningless things (unknowable), or to admit that there is no god by classic definition. Some theists are willing to ignore such discussions. It has nothing to do with whether God exists. As previously stated, this thread topic is meaningless because of our inequality to God and the illogicalness of the question. We do not and will never understand Him totally.
No Jim, by reason.  You cannot know the unknowable, it's a contradiction. To claim anything about the unknowable implies knowledge of the unknowable. Me saying it has no relevance to it's being rational.This thread started with a challenge to God's omnipotence. It had nothing to do with omniscience. Our definition of omnipotent is "having virtually  unlimited authority or influence. That appears to rule out the ability to do every conceivable task, uncluding those that are illogical. It does not diminish the power of God.    Which then would NOT be omnipotent/omniscient.Our definition of omniscient does not include virtual. That tells me that omniscient means having infinite knowledge.    corrected above, thank you, minus the insult that followed. It still stands however as a rational rebuttal.It wasn't meant as an insult...just a statement of fact. I likely have as many or more inadequacies than do you.     Good, then you go back to the first point, which is that you cannot rationally claim to have knowledge of the unknowable. So yes, you're back to either being rational and not accepting god, or being irrational and accepting knowledge of the unknowable. I don't make the rules Jim.Not having knowledge of an unknown says nothing about it's existence.  I am thankful (to God) that neither you nor I make the rules.   ...God be with you.
But, to tie this all back into a more useful example:  If God is omniscient, he knows everything that will happen and has happened. If God is omnipotent, he can do anything.  That's contradictory. If he knows what will happen, then he cannot change what will happen, and is thus, not omnipotent. These are contradictory.  So theists can choose, either to discuss meaningless things (unknowable), or to admit that there is no god by classic definition.   -Mach i totally agree with this point, Mach. it is useless to give God definitions that include the impossible or illogical. thats what this whole debate is about. its imperative that we limit what can be done to what is logically possible. it is not logically possible to foresee the future and then cause the future to be different that what was foreseen. omniscient can only be defined as "knowing all that can be possibly known", and similarly omnipotent as "able to do anything that can possibly be done"  if you want to argue that God cannot do or know EVERYTHING, then you should win that easily, since EVERYTHING includes the logical and illogical. but defining God as able to do anything possible, then you have a much better frame to work with
Right.  And it's much easier to argue the root cause, as you pushed for on this forum as well, since you have to deal with fewer arguments. There's no reason to argue about "can god lift an unliftable rock", if you start at the begining...define god.   -Mach gotta start at square 1.   it seems the best definition anybody came up with for God is "the greatest possible being". this means a being that can do and know anything and everything that is POSSIBLE to do and know.  this obviously means that God cannot do the impossible  if everybody can agree on this, then we could really work on acknowledging what God can do, and even if he can exist  i would like to start by asserting that the "greatest possible being" DOES exist. this has been proven
It suggests that Logic is more powerful than God. well, it shows that God is limited by logic. more or less the same thing you said. nothing can exist outside of logic, not even God  still, there is nothing more powerful than God. doing the illogical would make God illogical, not necessarily more powerful
Faith can be linked with reason. You can either say we are here for a reason or no reason... (by chance). I have read several tracts on the proof of God, including "You Have Ten Minutes to Prove The Existence of God to My Husband". (http://www.freerepublic.com/forum/a3aa7bd326640.htm)  Does any one else here (believers, I mean) know of other arguments?
No proof of god is possible, since you must have faith to even accept this "proof". This first thing he does in that arguement is try to throw out science. I stopped reading there, as without science as we know it, there is no proof to the non believer.  There will never be prood of god, as I understand it, god would never allow it to be proven because faith is the cornerstone of religion.
No proof of god is possible, since you must have faith to even accept this "proof". This first thing he does in that argument is try to throw out science. I stopped reading there, as without science as we know it, there is no proof to the non believer. There will never be prod of god, as I understand it, god would never allow it to be proven because faith is the cornerstone of religion. Do you believe in God? I do, and I don't agree with what you believe about God and proof. Jesus Himself was living proof. He said "I am" and He showed us with miracles. If God had wanted total faith alone, then Jesus need not have appeared.  On another matter... You seem to mistake faith for something that is devoid of reason. Here's an analogy. My mum, I've obviously known all of my life. She tells me that a new work colleague of hers is a thief. I don't doubt her, not based on the fact I've actually witnessed this person, or that I've even met him/her, but because I know my mum, and I trust her. I have faith in what she says, but it is not without reason.
Faith is the cornerstone of religion, yes. But who says God cares about religion? Religion is a completely human invention, and as such is a poor indicator for God's will. If God felt like showing up, and thus proving his existance, I don't think he'd let the fact that it would screw up most of the world's religions stop him. Well said, Kronus. Very well indeed. emoticon_xgood
Do you believe in God? I do, and I don't agree with what you believe about God and proof. Jesus Himself was living proof. He said "I am" and He showed us with miracles. If God had wanted total faith alone, then Jesus need not have appeared.  Once again, faith is required if you are to believe such miracles.
I believe in Jesus, but that's just it. To accept the existence of Jesus as proof for the existence of God requires one to have faith that Jesus existed and for the reason he existed. Even if one believed that Jesus existed in a historical sense, that does not prove the existence of God, because one would first have to believe that Jesus is the son of God, which requires a belief in God in the first place. The argument is circular. Besides, faith isn't about having "proof." Here are some lyrics that I think convey pretty well what I think: "I don't need no one to tell me about heaven I look at my daughter and I believe I don't need no proof when it comes to God and truth I can see the sun set and I perceive"
Montalban, you didn't use faith for that decision, you reasoned it.  1. You have no reason to suspect your mother would lie (as far as we know) about the event. - you have never observed her lie - you have never observed anyone else claiming she lied (assumptions, you can clarify and we can still make this point)  2. Your mother would have no motive for lying..it does her no good, nor anyone she is close to, any good.  3. You are certain your mother is capable of telling the differene between stealing, and not stealing, you can say she is an expert at teling the difference (we are all experts at most ordinary things..like, telling time, etc.)  4. You know that some percentage of humans steal things, it is not all that uncommon, it's entirely possible, if not probably, that at some point your mother (and each of us), will witness someone steatling something.  THEREFORE, you conclude, through reason and evidence, that this person "probably" is a thief.  You didn't use faith, you used reason, and evidence. So why are you claiming faith is useful in this situation, or that faith somehow "used reason". I submit you do this either because you don't understand what it is you're claiming, or because you want to associate the good things we all know and appreciate with regards to rational thought, evidence, and reason, with your faith. Or, you can explain it to me first-hand.  Faith: 1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof (2)  http://www.m-w.com/cgi-bin/dictionary?book=Dictionary&va=faith  Why would you use proof to support your faith in the first place? You either accept it, or you don't. But let's examine this!  If 1303003 people attested that this person was in fact NOT a thief, and they have 20 independant video recordings from all angles that verify his every move the day your mother made the claim...then what? Where does your "faith" leave you? Do you ignore the evidence and rely on faith?  -Mach  You don't get it. I used reasoned faith. Not blind faith.  I can never be 100% certain; hence ultimately, it is a matter of faith. But I had a reason for that faith.  I don't follow your arguments sometimes as you seem to have novel ideas such as exobiology is 'science fiction'. Further, you've already admitted where you'll allow non-scientific rationale to dictate which scientific pursuits you're willing to accept; such as Nazi science, rejected on basis of what you describe non-rationale argument; viz feelings.
mach, apparently you give the impression that faith cannot be combined with reason  say i look at the tv guide, or any billboard or ad all over, and see that the superbowl finals is next sunday on channel 5 at 2 pm. i start making plans, buying snacks, inviting friends, and setting up my superbowl party. is that faith or reason?  note that superbowl happens every year, and every year i watch the game with friends. also, this year's superbowl has not occured yet, but from the networks and tv guides and every othe source i know its scheduled to air on sunday  also, remember faith is "belief without evidence"
If we go with your defintion that faith is belief without evidence, then you clearly are acting on reason, because you have lots of evidence here. The tv guide, the billboards, and the fact that the superbowl happens every year are all evidence that it will happen when you expect. yes, but the superbowl hasnt happened. you have no EVIDENCE that the superbowl will air on sunday, but you have REASONS to believe it will. I hope the difference is clear  if you can accept the word of the tv guide and the track record of superbowls airing on channel 5 on a sunday every year as EVIDENCE, then you have exactly as much foundation as someone that believes in God through reading the bible and a track record of God's intervention in their personal life  the fact is, by definition and every other means, accepting that the superbowl will air on channel 5 on sunday is a matter of FAITH. there is no evidence that the superbowl will happen as stated.
I understand the difference, but it's really largely semantic. Yes, there is no direct evidence for an event which hasn't occurred yet. There is, however, what I would call indirect evidence, and which you call reasons. If we have direct evidence that something happens reliably under a given set of circumstances, and those circumstances are about to occur, than we have a reason, based on our previous direct evidence, to believe it will happen again.  this "indirect evidence" is somewhat subjective, but it is important in making decisions based on reliability and track record. however, there is no real guarantee that the superbowl will occur, or that channel 5 will air it. but we still accept it as true. it is also possible that there are people that dont believe what they read in the tv guide, perhaps because of errors they noticed in the past. of course for the most part we can look at the tv guide as an authoratative source of schedule information, and we've seen every tv guide "prediction" come to pass. this is all reasonable, but it is definitely an act of faith  Not quite. We're not excepting tv guide's word blindly. Several million people can corroborate that it's been correct in the past. There's no one around who can do the same for the Bible. the term "blindly" is also subjective. most people that subscribe to tv guide never question what it says, they just plan their time around it without needing a second opinion or corroboration from any other source. whether you want to call it "blindly" is up to you  Again, there's an important semantic point to be made here. Religion is based on blind faith, with no real evidence to support it. Your belief that the tv guide knows when the super bowl will be is based on your direct experience that its always gotten it right before. There's a logic reason for your belief. in the same way, the perception of millions of christians is that God does what his word says he will do. they've percieve this within their own lives and have heard the testimony of others that it is true. to them, this is evidence to support their belief. based on the apparent agreement from different sources, it can be percieved that the bible has been correct in the past, and in different circumstances in the present. as far as the definition goes, this is just as valid as evidence as the tv guide schedule and the history of superbowl airings in the past
There's talk across the river here...  There is faith that concerns the things of man and God, then there's the earthly variety. Unless we specify the type of faith we're talking about this debate can be fruitless.  Hebrews 11: 1 &#8211; Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.  So faith to a Christian cannot be separated from God.  To me faith in anything else (or anyone for that matter) is a crapshoot. Is that bad? No, since we have no idea if we'll greet the morning, but it's the truth nonetheless. I have faith in my friends, my wife, my job, etc., but none of those are guaranteed.  Have the faith of God Mark 11 : 22 By whom also we have access by faith unto this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. Romans 5 : 2 Have thou faith? Have it to yourself before God. Joyful is he that condemns not himself in that thing which he allows. Romans 14 : 22
I think most have filled in the question, but one that hasn't been specifically answered is having evidence before something happens.  Evidence doesn't pertain only to present or past tense, even if the superbowl "hasn't happened", there can most certainly be evidence that it WILL happen. (You can drop a ball and predict it will hit the ground, even though it hasn't hit the ground yet, in simplest example).  However, as Dzeron says, that still doesn't imply that most people use evidence to claim 100% certainty..it's probablilty with most of us, crucial to reasoning.  -Mach i'm glad you brought that up. it doesnt require faith to believe a mixture of acid and alkaline will produce a salt, or that a ball will accelerate downward if you drop it. action-consequence relations will remain true regardless. these are PROVEN  it hasnt been PROVEN that everything the tv guide says comes to pass, the possibility that it wont always exists. whenever there is a possibility that something different than expected can happen, no matter how improbable, we take on FAITH that it will be so.  there is something called a "measure of faith". it takes very little faith to rely on the tv guide. for some it requires a bit more to rely on their cousin paying back the money they lent him. if you cannot predict the outcome of something with 100% certainty, then the unpredictable fraction is the measure of faith required  faith is believing without evidence. you may BELIEVE that the superbowl will 100% certainly air on sunday on channel 5, but you have no EVIDENCE that the superbowl will 100% certainly air on sunday on channel 5. thats what faith is
We don't believe that there is a 100% chance that the superbowl will occur, we believe that there is a high, but not completely certain, chance that it will. This is inductive reasoning.  It is, however, faith to believe that there is a 100% chance the superbowl will occur, but such belief is fallacious. The rationalist recognizes that there is still the possibility that it won't occur, due to some crazy fluke or something.  See the distinction? this i agree with. but while it sounds rational to provide for the slim chance that the superbowl wouldnt occur, we can reasonably ignore that possibility, and still plan our party, buy drinks and invite friends over. of course if for whatever reason the superbowl is cancelled/not showing, you figure the risk is not that great, and the chance of the superbowl airing as scheduled is in your favor. its a risk you can take, but faith is still involved  with any event where a risk of the unexpected is involved, there is a measure of faith as well. for the 100% certain, no faith is needed. for the very uncertain, you need a lot more faith. there is no evidence that the unpredictable will certainly occur, yet everyday we believe that they will.
Can you explain how this sort of faith is related to faith in God's existance? its not, except that its simply faith  i really took this off-track path because Mach was equating "faith" to "belief in God", when really even atheists exercise faith  the way it ties in is this thing called EVIDENCE. evidence simply means anything that causes or convinces you to believe something. what is RATIONAL evidence will vary depending on who you ask. for some, looking at the beauty of a flower-filled field on a spring morning is their evidence. for others its a near-death escape. on the flip-side, for some, looking at the wanton destruction of mankind and the malice around us is their evidence. what constitutes evidence is anybody's guess. of course you can discuss how rational that evidence is and hope for the best.  believing in God dispite the lack of rational evidence is the faith Mach was referring to. when you explain to a theist why their reasoning is irrational, thats when faith kicks in. theists cant see, hear or interact with God on a physical level, but they believe he exists in this physical world, and that he is able to manifest his power in the physical realm. they experience events, call it God's manifested power, and gather more evidence of God's existence. the fact is that the events they experience may very well have nothing at all to do with the manifsetation of God's power; theyre simply just everyday events. but by faith, they take is as God's interaction in their life
Actually, science accepts many things as highly improbable, quantum mechanics is one field that utilizes the concept. what science "accepts" without 100% certainty requires faith. in science, nothing should be "accepted" just because it best fits, unless it is a theory and treated as such  You are incorrect with the ball drop. A ball WILL NOT accelerate downward if you drop it and hit at the time you calculate IF:  Your friend catches it instead A gust of wind blows it away (think florida hurricane wind) the earth explodes the sun explodes the sun gets bigger and vaporizes the ball An alien that has been watching you, unseen, decides to appear and catch the ball.  These things are highly improbable (assuming your friend isn't nearby!), yet also entirely possible. So they are not fact, it's a reasoned guess, a highly PROBABLE guess the ball will hit the ground, but a guess nonetheless.   In the same way, usually it's right, based on past evidence and the knowledge that TV guide is trying to be accurate, it's a good guess what's written WILL happen. Yes, a gust of 140mph wind is LESS likely, both both are possible.   Same with the ball drop.  You say "measure of faith", meaning the more evidence in favor, the smaller the measuer of faith. With less evidence, the faith becomes greater. Evidence is clearly part of this "measure of faith" equation, which is the "other" definition of faith. It's:  Faith ----- evidence = measuere of faith, inverse relationship.  The definition of faith, that at leat I am referring to, is: Belief without evidence.  Which removes it from your classifcation since the evidence is by definition, 0.  -Mach a ball wil ALWAYS accelerate downward when dropped. the friend catching/wind blowing/sun exploding scenarios will not cause the ball to NOT accerlate downward when it is dropped. the question is not about hitting the ground. the law of gravity doesnt require an object to hit the ground  your faith/evidence relation is right on the money. faith sort of "fills the gap" where evidence is lacking. so the more evidence, the less faith needed and vice versa. where something is known to be, or goes against all evidence, then you need total faith to believe it will be. where the outcome is known for certainty to be, no faith at all is required
lol, you guys are good  bootfitter, i'll take your scenario, even though the ball would accelerate downward due to the force gravity, the force of the magnet would be stronger, and the net acceleration would be upward. the acceleration towards the floor would still exist, but you wouldnt know it does unless you compare it the magnetic force on the ball in a weightless environment  waxy, i could get technical and legal about it, but the word ALWAYS will still apply. try these on for size:  an object free of any other force than gravity will ALWAYS accelerate toward the center of the gravitational body  objects statically charged with the same charge will ALWAYS repel  a floating object will ALWAYS displace the volume of fluid equal to its own weight  thermal energy will ALWAYS transfer from a body of higher temperature to a body of lower temperature that is in contact with it   i could go on, but i think you guys get the gist...
ok, getting back to the original off-track discussion... what science "accepts" without 100% certainty requires faith. in science, nothing should be "accepted" just because it best fits, unless it is a theory and treated as such  your faith/evidence relation is right on the money. faith sort of "fills the gap" where evidence is lacking. so the more evidence, the less faith needed and vice versa. where something is known to be, or goes against all evidence, then you need total faith to believe it will be. where the outcome is known for certainty to be, no faith at all is required faith and certainty sort of supplement each other. some things are 100% certain, some are totally faith-based, most are a combination. also, faith is not restricted to theists or religious people  and getting back on the real track...  You don't get it. I used reasoned faith. Not blind faith.  I can never be 100% certain; hence ultimately, it is a matter of faith. But I had a reason for that faith.  I don't follow your arguments sometimes as you seem to have novel ideas such as exobiology is 'science fiction'. Further, you've already admitted where you'll allow non-scientific rationale to dictate which scientific pursuits you're willing to accept; such as Nazi science, rejected on basis of what you describe non-rationale argument; viz feelings. people that believe in God have what they deem as evidence to support their belief. even though they find later that these pieces of evidence dont rationally support what they believe, they still hold on to that belief and search for something else as evidence. the thing is, faith by itself is the most unstable situation. if you want to believe something, you must find evidence that can bring up the certainty scale and your faith is under less strain. the goal is to support the belief. if you lack the certainty, then the faith has to do all the work.   just as a side note, i hope you can see how this can apply generally, and not just to believing God exists
..faith by itself is the most unstable situation. if you want to believe something, you must find evidence that can bring up the certainty scale and your faith is under less strain. the goal is to support the belief. if you lack the certainty, then the faith has to do all the work.  BRAVO, unkerpaulie!  I have been waiting for that - almost holding my breath!  So true! Faith without works is indeed dead.  BTW - you made my morning. Thanks.
Oh I understand what you said, perhaps better than you do, unless you're being intentionally deceitful. I think you don't understand what you said. You said I didn't use faith, but reason. That is not the case, I must repeat, I used reasoned faith. You're wrong Montalban, you used reason, and I clearly showed how. You imply reason requires 100% certainty, it does not, so your argument is lost. I realize you WANT to make faith somehow useful and "like science", but alas. 100% certainty? I have faith in what my mother says, I have reason to have that faith. If you said the same thing, I would doubt you, I'd have reason not to have faith in you. [quote=Mach]You you (sic) can even test this, I'm surprised you made a mistake in responding the way you did. I even tested this already for you, but I'll do it again since you obviously missed it or didn't understand it. Montalban: I used "faith" to make my decision to believe what my mother says. Unfortunately for you, I said I have reasoned faith. So, if your mother says "Montalban, I saw Godzilla last night for real (the 60ft fire breathing monster that stomps Japan for fun)" Yes, she's seen it. I've got the DVD. You must believe her if you used faith. That is correct, if I used faith alone. However, and see if you can read this "I used reasoned faith". You could however, use reason, to determine that it's most likely that she did not see Godzilla, and is either making a joke, or suffered some mental mishap. Indeed. Is this your point? So which is it gonna be: Faith: "Belief without evidence", or "Belief in a divine being" OR Reason: (as shown above). I have reasoned faith in God. Faith by definition, is a belief without evidence, or a belief in a divine being (which can have no evidence). I prefer my dictionary. faith P Pronunciation Key (fth) n.  1. Confident belief in the truth, value, or trustworthiness of a person, idea, or thing. 2. Belief that does not rest on logical proof or material evidence. See Synonyms at belief. See Synonyms at trust. 3. Loyalty to a person or thing; allegiance: keeping faith with one's supporters.  often Faith Christianity. The theological virtue defined as secure belief in God and a trusting acceptance of God's will. 4. The body of dogma of a religion: the Muslim faith.  5. A set of principles or beliefs. http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=faith Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Note 'reason' modifies faith. You are giving a definition of 'faith' as it sits alone. I talk about reasoned faith, and you argue about faith. Thus you constantly argue not against what I say, but what you believe I said. What exactly did you have faith in dear Montalban? I have reason to believe you are being condescending, but what exactly are you asking? A recitation on Orthodoxy? You're (sic) mother is always correct? Obviously not, since I assume you think she didn't actually see Godzilla. So you didn't have faith after all. Ah, so you don't see the difference between faith, and reasoned faith after-all. Now, if you say again you used both reason AND faith, and that this somehow saves you from making a mistake, well, it doesn't. Where do I say that one can not reason and still be mistaken? Have you heard of Neptunism? It was a scientific rationale and it is wrong. Let's use your logic: You mean; let's use a straw-man. But anyway... - We are testing if these two [drugs] had an impact on the [health of the patient]. We used two [drugs] 1. A placebo (not actually a drug per se) 2. A new chemical that we think can cure this infection. We tested the [patients] with both [drugs] at the same time. Our results showed strong evidence that the patient's infections were cured 85% by this combination of drugs. We conclude that a placebo, combined with this new chemical, cures infections, using Montalban's inadequate logic. Where do you come up with these straw-man arguments? You see, I could replace any mumbo jumbo made up stuff and replace the placebo with it. Then by your logic, we could prove anything has an effect on anything else IN COMBINATION with something that actually works (you know, logical AND)  I see! Nice try. I also like at the end how you try to change the subject too, talking about Nazi's and what not.... real class act there. Can we please stick to the topic at hand, your argument in this thread, for once???? Again, I apologise for using your words against you; I should have just made it up as you do, and argue against that, as you do. But seriously, you did argue for science and laughed that anyone would question it from a non-scientific stand-point (i.e. me believing in religion and creation instead of science and evolution) and yet we find an example of you doing exactly that; with respect to Nazi science which you condemn as detestable, based on philosophy rather than science. However, you see nothing wrong with that, and everything wrong with your perception of me doing the same to another form of science. Hypocrisy comes to mind.  Oh, lastly, since you like to try and label other arguments as circular reasoning, I want to show you what circular reasoning is, it's an even better example of why your argument is fallacy Even here you misrepresent me. I don't like to label all arguments as circular reasoning, which you imply. I like to label circular arguments as circular arguments. And you like to use circular logic. If you use both faith AND reason to support your belief, you are using circular reasoning. Really? 1. You have faith in someone's honesty (Requires no evidence, belief without evidence) 2. You see "some evidence" of their honesty. You are using both you claim, so by using #1, you argue for believing they are telling the truth based on the evidence of your belief that they always tell the truth (and need no evidence). You are partly correct, I would indeed be using both as I claim. The rest of your statement is a nonsense. That's what circular reasoning is, care to come up with a new line of argument? You also have the option of dropping the "and faith", and just leave "I used reason" if you want to adopt my corrections to your logic.  -Mach That's not what circular reasoning is. You have demonstrated an example that if I believe something based on examples of reason, that I continue to believe in it. That is called basing one's belief on the evidence provided; or logic. It is not circular. Circular reasoning is where you believe in no God based on lack of evidence; because you don't accept as evidence anything that would point to God. You create the conditions.
Mach, one site does not an argument make. Unfortunately for you, you're arguing from a basis that is exceptionally narrow in it's knowledge, and tempered by a priori nonsesee such as the belief that all religious people are, by that 'sin' alone, irrational.  "A reasoned faith. Faith and Reason go together." http://www.wnking.com/mchristheology.htm  "As Augustine wandered from one philosophy to another (Manichaeanism, skepticism, and Neo-Platonism), he became personally aware of the limitations of human reason. Reason and faith need to cooperate intimately in the soul&#8217;s quest for God. Belief is natural and necessary for intellectual activity which assents to many opinions solely on another&#8217;s testimony. "We believe the things which are not present to our senses, if the evidence offered for them seems sufficient,"14 and the authority "of who may be believed is being considered."15 Religious belief and understanding are complementary: "Understand my word in order to believe, but believe God&#8217;s word in order to understand."16 Belief enlightened by understanding becomes a reasoned faith.On account of his close correlation of faith and reason, Augustine often made philosophical reflections in the course of theological inquiry and scriptural exegesis. Within this framework of philosophy and religion, Augustine&#8217;s Christian faith was open to whatever insights Greek and Roman thinkers had to offer." http://www.crvp.org/book/Series01/I-9/chapter_i.htm  Also consult Reasoned Faith: Essays in Philosophical Theology in Honor of Norman Kretzmann. Edited by Eleanore Stump. Cornell University Press. "Reasoned Faith is a collection of fourteen essays offered in honor of Christian philosopher Norman Kretzmann that addresses Judeo- Christian themes in the tradition of analytic philosophy. The collection is divided into four sections, all addressing the rational assessment of religious faith: "The Role of Reason in Faith," "Reason and Revelation," "Reason and the Nature of the God Faith," and "Reason and Faith on the Relation Between God and Creatures." A large book of rigorous philosophizing is impossible to review exhaustively at other than book length, so instead of summarizing every essay I will focus on particular ones." http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft9403/grooth.html  There's a big big world out there of great thinkers which you've arrogantly dismissed without even knowing them. Go to http://www3.baylor.edu:80/~Scott_Moore/Phi_Rel_info.html for a start to see many of the great thinkers you believe to be irrational or, if you haven't the time, try reading "From Blind Belief to Reasoned Faith" http://www.teosofia.com/Mumbai/7307faith.html  Hope this post wasn't too long :)
Hello Dzeron: The problem with that argument is that the author accuses science of claiming that everything is random. That is not so, for science claims that the atoms operate according to the laws of physics, not random chance.  How could random chance than produce order? This implies the existence of an orderly Creator who set the laws and particles into motion, would it not? The author is not talking about operation science, the science that involves observation, experiments and repeatability, but the belief of evolutionism that everything came into being over eons of years of change that eventually came from lifeless chemicals, that ultimately originated from the supposed big bang. Real science investigates problems using observation, experimental validation and repeatability, such as medical science, genetics, computer and space technology. Typically, no one observed those events (mentioned above) occuring, nor can they be repeated or experimentally validated. Thus, evolutionism cannot be proved by science, and as such, it must be taken by faith. Generally, evolutionism is the naturalistic (or atheistic) view about our origins.  there is actually another version called "punctuated equilibrium" that means that the separation of species was occasionally caused by drastic mutations.  Wow, I have never heared of this version.  Like GreenMtnBoy, I hardly read anything after the author tried to throw out science.  As explained above, he didn't try and through out the reputable operation or real science that involves observation, experiments, repeatability, he was targeting the theory (or belief) of evolutionism. This typically says that things came to be by accidents and natural processes (i.e. no intellgence involved).
Look folks, I think we've gone off the deep end with all of these analogies here. We've done the thing that seems to happen so often with these longer threads. We've ended up talking about something different than we sset out to talk about. Right now we are just all arguing over whether one analogy or another does or doesn't prove whether there is reason involved in faith. How about we get back on course.
Faith isn't involved. Have you ever heard of game theory?  Suppose Bob reasons that there is a 90% chance that the superbowl wil occur. Bob gets 10 "utils" from preparing for a superbowl party if the superbowl occurs, -10 utils if he prepares for a party and the suprbowl doesn't occur, and 0 utils if he doesn't prepare for the party.  Bob multiplies the chances by the utils, and adds them.  Choice 1: Prepare for a superbowl party. 10 utils * 90% chance = 9 utils + -10 utils * 10% chance = -1 util = 8 utils  Choice 2: Don't prepare for the superbowl party. 0 utils.  8 < 0  It is thus rational for Bob to choose Choice 1, since he gets more overall utils out if it. There is no faith involved. you just showed that its more rational for bob to plan for the superbowl party than not to (actually the odds are much better than 90%). but the fact remains that there is a risk involved, regardless of how slight. because of this, there is a possibility that it wont happen. picking the choice with the more likely outcome doesnt mean that there is no risk involved. you dont need much faith in the tv guide, but its there
Look folks, I think we've gone off the deep end with all of these analogies here. We've done the thing that seems to happen so often with these longer threads. We've ended up talking about something different than we sset out to talk about. Right now we are just all arguing over whether one analogy or another does or doesn't prove whether there is reason involved in faith. How about we get back on course. That's simply not true. One person stated that there's no such thing as reasoned faith. I showed heaps of sites that disagree with this. Or did you miss that?
Mach, one site does not an argument make. "Hope this post wasn't too long  FYI, 303003 sites also do not make an argument. So you rebut nothing and make an irrelvant (sic) statement.  Not at all. You cite one site and say that you've got the answer. You come from a background obviously devoid of epistemological study, hence you make statements to the effect that you do; that there's no such thing as reasoned faith. 2,000 years of Christian theologians alone disagree with you. And, there's secular sites too. But you're so RIGHT in your own opinion, that your lone voice is worth all of them. If you haven't noticed, you ignored the entire rest of the post, and each point you were being argued on. It's your move still. I cited heaps of sites that disagree with you. Sorry that you seem to ignore this small inconvenience to the rest of your silly argument.If your faith is even part of your [quote=Mach]blah blah..."evidence" or "reason" for belief (logical AND), then logically the entire claim is fallacy, circular reasoning.  It is circular reasoning. You believe something, and you find the evidence for it, without even considering your position, and why you believe it, you just believe it. That's my arugment (sic) I rely on you to show where the flaws are, so we can proceed. I did this. Again you missed it. Selective myopia seems not to have caught the many sites I cited that retort your very limited understanding of philosophical arguments. Hence you repeat the mantra that faith and reason are mutually exclusive. You have two points from me, one (which has been clearly shown in 4 steps), from the author, which is essentially the same argument. So, I'd like to see you response specifically to these three points. Enjoy. -Mach It would help to have a reasoned post. Simply restating your one site doesn't help you. Are they are well-versed in philosophy? You perhaps should resort to something by Kierkegaard. At least your position should be grounded in the study of philosophy. I give you this so you can at least effectively understand the nature of your own position. The Internet Encyclopaedia of Philosophy states there are three choices you can have... "Religious faith is of two kinds: evidence-sensitive and evidence-insensitive. The former views faith as closely coordinated with demonstrable truths; the latter more strictly as an act of the will of the religious believer alone. The former includes evidence garnered from the testimony and works of other believers. It is, however, possible to hold a religious belief simply on the basis either of faith alone or of reason alone. Moreover, one can even lack faith in God or deny His existence, but still find solace in the practice of religion." http://www.utm.edu/research/iep/f/faith-re.htm Note you can have reason alone, or faith alone, but you can have faith and reason; reasoned faith. Your philosophy is stated as "The incompatibilist model." It is the axiom by which you draw all other statements of belief from, even the one about science being rational. Because you believe that there's a gulf between faith and reason, and this is a philosophical stance, not a truth. I have a different philosophical stance, to be sure. However your stance is so far backed up by, well... your stance... and one obscure web-site reference. You should also check out your own site again, before re-stating it; it lists as 'reason' sensory perception, in other words, feelings. "'Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of sensory and logical evidence." http://rous.redbarn.org/objectivism/Writing/JoelKatz/answers2.html That is, if I believe it is cold, it is cold. (Where in, I could be mistaken, because of the relativeness degree of 'cold').  Perhaps you might want to pick-up the book featured at this article "Author Helps Science-Minded Skeptics Discover Well-Reasoned Faith" http://news.christiansunite.com/Religion_News/religion01045.shtml  So, I've shown Christian and secular sites. Here's a Hindu one Reasoned Faith: Hindus declare that blind faith and dogma are the two most vicious sources of conflict in the world; only reasoned faith can ensure harmony in the world. "I know that I myself owe it to thinking that I was able to retain my faith in religion...," writes Dr. Albert Schweitzer.17 One's deepest convic-tions must be vindicated by reason. Reason says that it is irreligious to perform religious actions which cause pain and discomfort to others. It is alright if an organized religion inspires its followers in the existence of God and prescribes a discipline to reach Him. At the same time, it is also important to recognize that God is above all religious systems, even though theologians may set limits to Him. http://www.hindubooks.org/authors/bansi_pandit/hindu_dharma/ch12.htm Here's a Moslem one.. The Islamic tradition holds that the revelation granted to Muhammad had three principle elements: islam or submission to God, ihsan or moral and spiritual duties to the rest of humanity, and iman or faith. This word, faith, is a fairly poor rendering of iman ; one might better understand the word if it's translated as "reasoned faith" or "conviction."  http://www.wsu.edu:8080/~dee/GLOSSARY/IMAN.HTM
just a brief note: looking at both this thread and the "out of china" thread, in which bootfitter, monty and mach are debating, i am disturbed by the word "silly" next to "montalban". you 3 guys i respect in this forum for your articulate skill, knowledge and mature temperaments. please avoid the name-calling  Based on basic definitions:  Quote: 1. Faith and reason are two mutually exclusive epistemological methods.   2. 'Faith' refers to beliefs held without sensory evidence and logical deduction (or in contradiction to such evidence).  3. 'Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of sensory and logical evidence.   4.One can no more have faith in ideas derived by reason than one can have a reason to accept ideas on faith.   Which numbered statements do you disagree with? i think this is the key to settling a major part of the back-and-forth-ing.  based on definitions 2 and 3 (which we can live with for the sake of this debate) r and f are mutually exclusive, in that you can back up your belief B with either r or f. however, r and f work hand in hand, as i pointed out in another thread. the sensory and logical evidence that back up B may not always be conclusive. in fact, most of the time we must leave some margin of error  for example, we can observe the sound of a siren up the block. this is sensory evidence. our belief would be that there is a fire in the neighboorhood. however, the sensory evidence is not conclusive, so there is a possibility or "risk" that you could be wrong about your belief. being certain that there is a fire in the neighboorhood requires faith. if the sound of a siren means there is a 40% chance that there is a fire in the neighboorhood, then the other 60% is based on faith  so here you have a case of f and r complementing each other to form a certainty of B. it is more logical to accept B with certainty when you have a much higher ratio of r to f. if r is overwhelming the f aspect, we call it a "reasonable belief". however, if more f than r is involved, then it is a "faith-based belief"  most beliefs have an element of both f and r
One does not have to be 100% certain that there is a fire in the neighborhod in order to reason that the benefits of acting on the 90% or whatever certainity outweight the benefits of not acting. Ever heard of game theory? lol  very true. the game theory does not preclude faith. the game theory is just about odds.  if there is a fire on your block, then the best action is to wet your house so that it wont get burnt easily. however, if you hear a siren down the block, the odds that this means a house on your block is burning is about 40%. (5 out of 10 times is a road accident, 1 out of ten is a domestic dispute/burglary/other). in this case it is not reasonable to start soaking your house down with a hose until you gather more evidence. if at this point (with only the siren as evidence) you start to pour water on your house, then you're acting unreasonably. you believe that there is a fire, without reasonable evidence, therefore you are acting in faith  if you hear a siren and see firemen attaching a hose to the hydrant (but you dont see a fire) then you have a 99.5% reasonable certainty that there is a fire on the block. if you see the fire, then its 100%  acting upon the certainty that a fire is on your block, it is reasonable to pour water on your house to protect it from spreading and burning your stuff  with faith, there is the risk of soaking your house down for nothing and looking like a fool. then again, there is the chance that you were right all along.   total faith is believing there is a fire with absolutley no clues that there is a fire on the block, and proceeding to pour water on your house based on nothing but this belief
Montalban, unfortunately, being right isn't dictated by # of links, is the point of my response. That's not exactly the argument I make. I say that we are dealing with a philosophical point, and you've cited one obscure site that has no references to whom the person is, whereas I have consulted philosophical sites, including dictionaries. You weigh these the same at your peril. I know you'd like to think all your quotes and links "mean" something, they don't, if you're still wrong, which you are. I really like the" 2,000 years of Christian theologians alone disagree with you." No kidding! Well, 20,000 scientists disagree with YOU! Really? Then cite them! And are they making arguments about reason based on science or philosophy? See why we being right doesn't necessarily depend on volume? Just silly of you. Try defeating my points and presenting counter-points, in a controlled fashion, if you dare. Unfortunately, you are now making the argument you accuse me of. I do remind you about a lack of insight. When you feel like actually debating rather than ignoring my arguments, Your argument is flawed because it rests on the nonsense that there's no such thing as reasoned faith; nonsense I can call it, due to you backing up your case above with a 'just-so' statement. to which you have obviously no reply (since you know you lost), you can see post #42 where I show your arguments are fallacy. Yes it would be comforting for you to think this. Pity it's not actually based on anything than your opinion, which it seems, is very very very important. If you really DO have a reply to post #42, a post with clear numbers and questions that anyone could comprehend, please do. You can post new question, by all means, but I want to see YOUR answers to my questions, and how you refute them, logically. Are you now saying that I am illogical? That would be very presumptuous. views faith as closely coordinated with demonstrable truths  Hehehe. You really are too much some times. "Closely coordinated"...sort of like weapons of mass destruction related program activities.  -Mach Your own site, your only site, equates a foundation of reason that is based in a large part on 'feelings'. Balls in your court. :)
just a brief note: looking at both this thread and the "out of china" thread, in which bootfitter, monty and mach are debating, i am disturbed by the word "silly" next to "montalban". you 3 guys i respect in this forum for your articulate skill, knowledge and mature temperaments. please avoid the name-calling  Thank you for your comments.   The idea is that to call someone's argument 'silly' is acceptable, because it's not an attack on the person.  I try to attack the ideas, not the man. However, I must admit I cross the line
When I was an atheist, I was quite unconvinced by rational arguments for the existence of God.  Now that I am a Christian, I am quite unconvinced by rational arguments for the existence of God.  B
When I was an atheist, I was quite unconvinced by rational arguments for the existence of God.  Now that I am a Christian, I am quite unconvinced by rational arguments for the existence of God.  B Well, we're not devoid of emotion. So you can know God through your whole self, not just a small part of you (i.e. logic).  We Orthodox believe in noetic knowledge, that is, knowledge gained through 'the heart'.
That's not exactly the argument I make. I say that we are dealing with a philosophical point, and you've cited one obscure site that has no references to whom the person is, whereas I have consulted philosophical sites, including dictionaries. You weigh these the same at your peril. Montalban, read carefully. It doesn't matter who writes it, or where it is, or how many. It only matters if it's correct or not. My argument stands with ZERO references or sites or posts. You can read the alternate wording only if you need to read a different wording of my argument. Just trying to help you stay on topic. That's hilarious. So, it just is right! Another fine 'just-so' argument from Mach. You argue that it's totally irrelevant that I cite philosophical sites. So much for the rational mind! I know you'd like to think all your quotes and links "mean" something, they don't, if you're still wrong, which you are. I really like the" 2,000 years of Christian theologians alone disagree with you." No kidding! Well, 20,000 scientists disagree with YOU! [quote=Montalban]Really? Then cite them! And are they making arguments about reason based on science or philosophy?   http://www.ncseweb.org/resources/ar...s_2_16_2003.asp Although some here will surely see the irony of having to back up claims with volume by posting a science experiment that was intended to make fun of those who think volume means correctness. I certainly do. You mean you'd really just prefer that I accepted your just-so argument. Sorry to have put you to so much effort! :) But the funny thing is your cite doesn't support your argument IN THE SLIGHTEST. Go back to post 46, I gave heaps of evidence to show you can have reasoned faith. I then said that there's 2,000 years of Christian thinkers who agree with me on this. You then stated that there,'s 20,000 scientists who disagree with your argument; that I'm wrong to believe in reasoned faith. I ask you to cite a site, and you come up with this; the evidence for THE WRONG ARGUMENT. LOL, you've now moved to position of my favourite poster. You were supposed to give evidence to support your statement about reasoned faith, and you give evidence about how many people believe in evolution. :) Do a search within your site on either word; 'faith', or 'reason'. And see how it supports your argument about reasoned faith. Your post is hysterical. I mean, there's so many times you ask me questions that I've answered; and re-work my argument into straw-man, now you're in danger of making your own argument a straw-man. Your argument is flawed because it rests on the nonsense that there's no such thing as reasoned faith; nonsense I can call it, due to you backing up your case above with a 'just-so' statement.  Can we focus on the root debate point or do you feel like running around a bit more? I'll take the above quote (the one right above this typing) as the root, and we can continue there. -Mach LOL. That is the root of the debate. You argue you can't have reason and faith combined; into reasoned faith. You've actually done it, you've straw-manned your own argument! I didn't think it was possible :) That's in fact what I said... look, see, read... (and understand: optional) Your argument is flawed because it rests on the nonsense that there's no such thing as reasoned faith; nonsense I can call it, due to you backing up your case above with a 'just-so' statement. I have to stay on-line just to see what you'll come up with next. emoticon_idea PS I gave you a clue in one of my previous posts (because I am not keen to keep trouncing you): I named a philosopher who agrees with you. If you read up on him... it'll be a start. emoticon_xbye
That's hilarious. So, it just is right! Another fine 'just-so' argument from Mach. You argue that it's totally irrelevant that I cite philosophical sites. So much for the rational mind! Quite the contrary. It's entirely reasonable or rational for an infinite number of statements to be incorrect, and one, single, opposing statement to be correct. You beg to differ? Please do, but don't except to hold a rational debate while doing so. It's not "just-so", lol, it's basic reasoning, which you obviously don't support. As I said, I'm not arguing by volume of citations. I already made that clear before, in post #51. Yes, you could argue that you are correct in your view. But it's in reality just your opinion because you've stated it, and one obscure site that doesn't really support your beliefs anyway (note their notion of reality equating with feelings). Whereas I have cited from philosophical sources; because that's the nature of this argument. So, merely ignoring what I said in post #51, and re-stating your opinion, you've gone on with the way you typically debate; debate the argument you think I have made, rather than what I have made. There seems to be some difficulty here because you continually do this. You even cite a site that doesn't support your own argument (see below). And as to your 'basic reasoning even if you were actually debating something I said as opposed to something you think I said, then you've made an argument that won't support yourself, either. To say that there can be 'x' amount of statements made, some of which are correct - how does that help your own argument? (How does this make your argument correct?) So...you're sticking with faith and reason can be combined? You either rename faith as reason, which is pointless, or you accept that faith is the opposite of reason and not a viable way to understand anything. I'll let you make the choice, if you choose to arrive at a rational conclusion of course. As shown, I have 2,000 years of thinkers that agree with this; and that's just on the notion of Christian faith can be combined with reason. I also cited from a Hindu site and a Muslim site where they believe their respective religious views can be combined with reason. You refuted this and cited one place that talks about the number of people who believe evolution is true; which as I say, is hilarious, because it is an answer to a question not put, not even by you. Let's define them. If we can't agree on definitions, we cannot proceed. I already have defined them, both using regular English dictionary sources and philosophical dictionary sources. I'll offer you first run of definitions. If we can agree on the definitions, maybe we can proceed. Why state this twice in the same post? Why even state it again when we've gone over this on numerous posts before? Why even argue against yourself within the same post? At top you argue that there's no need to cite sites, you're just 'right'. Why not just claim victory? :) (lol, I just read your claim that you "trounce" me. Oh please, just lay off the nonsense and stick to the argument, I do get a laugh at it now and again, but I can get more laughs with this sort of time investment almost anywhere else ) -Mach Considering that you put information against arguments not made, I continue to get a belly-laugh from your posts. Especially when you make arguments against yourself. I made it clear that this axiom of yours, from which most of your debating emanates is false. It is difficult to get someone to shift paradigms; even in the face of masses of evidence; which isn't the argument I make, but you at least recognise that there's much more evidence cited by me.
All that is required is to pick up a dictionary.  Main Entry: faith  Pronunciation: 'fAth Function: noun Inflected Form(s): plural faiths /'fAths, sometimes 'fA[th]z/ Etymology: Middle English feith, from Old French feid, foi, from Latin fides; akin to Latin fidere to trust -- more at BIDE 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof(2) : complete trust 3 : something that is believed especially with strong conviction; especially : a system of religious beliefs synonym see BELIEF - in faith : without doubt or question : VERILY
All that is required is to pick up a dictionary.  Main Entry: faith  Pronunciation: 'fAth Function: noun Inflected Form(s): plural faiths /'fAths, sometimes 'fA[th]z/ Etymology: Middle English feith, from Old French feid, foi, from Latin fides; akin to Latin fidere to trust -- more at BIDE 1 a : allegiance to duty or a person : LOYALTY b (1) : fidelity to one's promises (2) : sincerity of intentions 2 a (1) : belief and trust in and loyalty to God (2) : belief in the traditional doctrines of a religion b (1) : firm belief in something for which there is no proof(2) : complete trust 3 : something that is believed especially with strong conviction; especially : a system of religious beliefs synonym see BELIEF - in faith : without doubt or question : VERILY Thank you for the straw-man post.  I am not debating about 'faith'. I am debating about 'reasoned faith'. Mach claims you can't have it. I have cited several sources that say otherwise.
St.Augustine believed " Belief enlightened by understanding becomes a reasoned faith" http://www.crvp.org/book/Series01/I-9/chapter_i.htm  The Catholics state Christian faith is based on reasoned faith; this is in their Catechism 35 Man's faculties make him capable of coming to a knowledge of the existence of a personal God. But for man to be able to enter into real intimacy with him, God willed both to reveal himself to man and to give him the grace of being able to welcome this revelation in faith. The proofs of God's existence, however, can predispose one to faith and help one to see that faith is not opposed to reason. http://www.vatican.va/archive/catechism/p1s1c1.htm#II  Christians rely on rezoned faith... "Sometimes our answers seem somewhat lame, but in reality there is only so much one can say before one must acknowledge that, while there are certain things we simply cannot fully understand about this, reasoned faith, as defined in St James, becomes the only recourse" http://www.oca.org/pages/orth_chri/q-and-a_old/sinlessness-of-mary.html  And in the understanding of the Bible...Matthew Henry's classic Bible commentary of the Book of James states... "2. Faith is a grace that one expression supposes and another expressly requires: Knowing this, that the trial of your faith, v. 3; and then in v. 6, Let him ask in faith. There must be a sound believing of the great truths of Christianity, and a resolute cleaving to them, in times of trial. That faith which is spoken of here as tried by afflictions consists in a belief of the power, and word, and promise of God, and in fidelity and constancy to the Lord Jesus." http://www.gospelcom.net/eword/comments/james/mh/james1.htm  Further, in understanding the Christian faith, he adds... "I. Let us consider the address to sinners" http://www.gospelcom.net/eword/comments/james/mh/james5.htm That is, he calls us to think/reason about what is being said.... "1. He foretels the judgments of God that should come upon them, v. 1-3. they should have miseries come upon them, and such dreadful miseries that the very apprehension of them was enough to make them weep and howl-misery that should arise from the very things in which they placed their happiness, and misery that should be completed by these things witnessing against them at the last, to their utter destruction; and they are now called to reason upon and thoroughly to weigh the matter, and to think how they will stand before God in judgment: Go to now, you rich men." (Ibid)  Also, in judging whom we should be faithful/trusting of...we can use reason... "When we read in Bouchet about miracles associated with the relics of Saint Hilary we can shrug it off: His right to be believed is not great enough to take away our freedom to challenge him. But to go on from there and condemn all similar accounts seems to me to be impudent in the extreme. Such a great saint as Augustine swears that he saw: a blind child restored to sight by the relics of Saint Gervaise and Saint Protasius at Milan; a woman in Carthage cured of a cancer by the sign of the cross made by a woman who had just been baptised; his close friend Hesperius driving off devils (who were infesting his house) by using a little soil taken from the sepulchre of our Lord, and that same soil, borne into the Church, suddenly curing a paralytic; a woman who, having touched the reliquary of Saint Stephen with a posy of flowers during a procession, rubbed her eyes with them afterwards and recovered her sight which she had recently lost... What are we to accuse him of - hum and the two holy bishops, Aurelius and Maximinus, whom he calls on as witnesses? Is it of ignorance, simple-mindedness, credulity, deliberate deception or imposture? .... 'Qui, ut rationem mullan afferent, ipsa auhtoritate me frangerent (Why, even if they gave no reasons, they would convince me by their very authority)" Michel de Montaigne in "That it is madness to judge the true and the false from our own capacities"    Further, slightly oblique... "A Reasoned Argument For Faith : Answering the six deadly arguments of atheism" http://christianity.about.com/library/weekly/aa040101.htm
As always, we have to sift through your nonsense to arrive at a rational debate, So you're saying that there's a rational debate in amongst the nonsense? So good of you to continue to issue contradictory statements to the bemusement of people on the other side of the world :) to which you will of course depart from.  Tut tut. If we're going to court dishonest debate then I will have to respond. You made the ill-conceived statement that faith and reason are mutually exclusive; to whit there's no such thing as reasoned faith. But for everyone else's amusement, let's proceed with simple definitions taken from your post. Keep in mind we might need to further clarify either to arrive at a conclusion. Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of the senses and logical evidence. So, we start with two simple sentences, can you keep it concise? Nice shifting of the goal-posts Mach. You're branching out on tactics; now selective quoting. I'm not disputing your view of faith, or reason. I'm disputing your notion of reasoned faith; that there's no in-between. Please do try, this might be educational to some readers. It hasn't worked with you. First question( notice how I have gotten less, and less verbose in an effort to get you to answer questions?) 1. Describe to us how faith can be used determine whether something is true or false. 2. If reason can be used to determine if anything which is knowable is true or false, what then is faith applied to, lol, or "reasoned faith", this new word? What would reason, on it's own, not be applicable to that we would need some new definitions? Enjoy. -Mach As this isn't your original complaint, let's not go down this path just yet, shall we? We need to get over the little hiccup where you maintain, despite the evidence, that faith and reason are polar opposites, and because of this, there's no happy medium called reasoned faith. SO, verbose or not, you're posing new questions, when we're not through dealing with (your) education on the issue of 'reasoned faith' (despite the evidence; in fact, oddly, you the pro-evidence person argue here that the evidence itself is in fact a handicap; and you'd rather quote from obscure web-sites simply because they contain a sentence that happens to, albeit out of context, support your belief).  PS Reasoned faith is not a word. It is a phrase, it is a concept... Like "Green space-ship" is a phrase, your 'logic' (in the most liberal definition of the word) operates on the idea that because you can't look "green space-ship" up in the dictionary, it is not proper English usage.
Did you post this before reading my questions? I'm asking you, in about 5 sentence or so, to answer my questions, else, you forfeit your debate with me. You can post all you like obviously, but you'll still forfeit. If you want to post TWO specific points as follow-up, in addition to your answers, please do so. That way we have two points going each, at any give time. Otherwise, as seen here, and in every other post, you simply are not clear in your debate. -Mach Your questions are themselves forfeit of the debate, because you've switched from an argument over 'reasoned faith' to what 'faith' is. Have I disputed what 'faith' is? It's amazing you still continue to invent a debate, and tackle that, rather than what I state.  Sorry you're at a loss to support your original statement, and you feel the need to go and argue about 'faith' alone, in which I don't have any argument against anyway. I've only been arguing with you on 'reasoned faith'. If you want to argue a different argument, then concede on this one first.  I note too you don't actually address anything I posted, even though it refutes the illogical claim you make about reason and faith being exclusive to the point that you believe there's no such thing as reasoned faith.
Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of the senses and logical evidence. So what? Why do you insist on repeating something I'm not disputing? I'm not arguing about 'faith' but 'reasoned faith'. Far be it for to recognise this; I expect you to just post it again and again :) You can post 2 of your own questions.  Really, how gracious. Please do. Use numbers, they help (you). You mean they help you. PS. You phrase is nonsense. reasoned faith. Faith, belief without evidence, arrived at through reason, which by definition requires evidence. Inconsistent. Sorry, please try again with a rational statement, phrase, or question. Just saying 'sorry' etc. is so lame. I have posted heaps of people/sites etc that disagree with you, but you've already stated you are right, and everyone else is wrong. So much for 'debate'.  See, I'm more than happy to debate in whatever order you like, don't be so antagonistic please, just ask! Enjoy. -Mach I don't mean to be antagonistic, but when lame statements are made by you, and you argue you don't need any support - because you're 'just' right, then you do seem a wee bit arrogant, and I play to my audience. The most laughable thing about your mistaken belief is that you've been arguing for some time about evidence, now suddenly you've reversed that. Although you have attempted to provide some a) a site that doesn't really agree with you and b) a site that suggests lots of people believe in evolution; which is superfluous to this debate. So, methinks you do still believe in the power of evidence, but when unable to present any, you still go on believing, which ironically is defined as 'faith'. You don't display 'reasoned faith' because you show no reason other than you just believe it, which is not reasonable. How funny that you provide an example in your argument of faith without evidence.
I'd still like to point out that if you want to debate, I'm more than happy to oblige. No evidence so far. I've already stated I'm not arguing with you over the definition of faith. We agree on it. But rather than let that lie, you need to repeat it YET AGAIN.  Note, if the facts are not disputed by either party, than they are accepted... LOOK WHAT I SAID POST #37 Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Note 'reason' modifies faith. You are giving a definition of 'faith' as it sits alone. I talk about reasoned faith, and you argue about faith. Thus you constantly argue not against what I say, but what you believe I said. As I said there you continually argue not against what I say, but what you'd like to think what I said. You seem determined to argue a series of points like your reading them somewhere, and not actually responding to what is being said. However, you seem to want to not engage, so I'll ask again: Faith by definition is a belief without evidence. Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of the senses and logical evidence. I think you just really love saying it. Even when I tell you I'm not disputing the definition of 'faith', you just plough on ahead saying this statement again and again and again. You want to argue that there can be "reasoned faith." Yes, what do you think I've been saying the last week? You phrase is nonsense.  LOL. Show me the evidence. What? That's right, you believe it's just true, and you don't need to show the evidence. And what gall you have to say "Show me the evidence" I did so in Posts #40, #46, and #66. And they're all from different sources; not just a repeat of the same source - as you do. Reasoned faith: Faith, belief without evidence, arrived at through reason, which by definition requires evidence. That's inconsistent. We're not arguing about Faith. We're arguing about reasoned faith. Reasoned faith is not faith. Guess what? It's 'reasoned faith'. Reasoned faith, is not a rational statement because it's self-contradictory. So, you need to re-define or debate something else, or show me specifically how my rebuttal is incorrect. I did. I've done so several times. I've posted from Muslims, Hindus, Christians, secularists etc. You ignore it. So, we start with two simple sentences. Can you keep it concise (rhetorical, answer is no, since we can read your last two posts). First question: 1. Describe to us how faith can be used determine whether something is true or false. 2. If reason can be used to determine if anything which is knowable is true or false, what then is faith applied to? You can post 2 of your own questions. Please do. Use numbers, they help (you). Read the first bit about 'faith' and how I'm not actually debating that. I sometimes get the feeling I'm debating a computer program that keeps asking me to input the same information, and it can't deviate from this at all, even when I punch in the information. Where is unkerpaulie to see how difficult it is to keep you on any topic, 2 points of my choosing, 2 of yours. Is everyone seeing this? I certainly hope so. I think these are important rational arguments to have. Please do support your position. -Mach As I said, I agree with you on the issue of 'faith'. Where is anyone to see how difficult it is to actually get you to debate what was said. I'm not arguing with you on faith. You're determined to argue on something I AM NOT DISPUTING. Where's the rationale in that? Why do you want me to debate it? Go back to the centre of this post and see about 'reasoned faith'. If you want to debate that, then please present some evidence. I expect though you'll just argue something else entirely different.
Your correct in that I'm replying in a concise manner. A concise manner? That again is not something I stated previously. I stated you argue about something we're agreed upon and that you ignore the evidence I post, and ask for evidence, even though I posted it. You want to detach the phrase "reasoned faith", from the definitions of the words in the phrase, "reason", and "faith". It's not me who wants to do this. It's very easy of you to paint this as me -v- the rest of the world. I have given you a large number of sites and implied 2,000 years of Christian teaching. This is mighty curious, let's give you some slack and allow you to explain: 1. If it's a phrase, as you say, you are saying this does not imply that reasoned faith, is the same as faith arrived at through reason? How can you reconcile this in the English language? Again, you choose to term this into something that I am doing. It is easier, I guess, for you to reason that this is just 'Montalban's theory'. I also gave an analogy right at the beginning re: my mum. You must have missed that, too. 2. If you have made up some new phrase, that has a meaning other than "reasoned faith" would imply by any English speaker, please do fill us in on this definition of "reasoned faith". Then we can also debate this version of your story. Again you ask for evidence I've already given. Go see my previous post where I list at least three posts where that evidence is given. Because as it stands, reasoned faith is simply, as I said, and will state again: Faith is belief without evidence. Reason requires evidence, therefore you're "phrase" is inconsistent because you cannot use faith with evidence, and still be using faith, BY DEFINITION. Yes, I know you just love saying this. Curious! I pointed this out in the previous two posts. But, you just go on telling everyone this. This redefining a word to avoid fallacy is fallacy as well, so I hope that's not what you're doing here, I will most certainly catch you in it. -Mach No. Creating a phrase to best describe circumstances is not a fallacy. And again, stop pretending that this is something that I am doing. Sheesh! You're just determined to go on auto-pilot and print stuff almost without regard to what is said.  Can you, in your next hundred posts re-print what 'faith' means? Please, just in case someone missed it.
There are a many number of ways to prove God's existance. First off, we're here -- that's the first method. But in most cases, people don't heed to that.  The golden number or divine proportion is clear evidence of God's intelligent design of us and our universe. This number, which is 1.618033989 (rounded), is a ratio that is seen throughout creation. Phi is represented with the Greek letter phi, which is &#934;.  It is seen in geometry, spirals of seashells, the human ear, face, and body proportions, DNA, the human heartbeat, and of course, mathematics.  This calls for wisdom. If anyone has insight, let him calculate the number of the beast, for it is man's number. His number is 666.  -Revelation 13:18 The sine of 666 degrees is 1/2 of anti-phi, or negative phi.  -2(sin 666) = &#934; -2(-0.8090169944) = &#934; 1.618033989 = &#934;  666 degrees is 54 degrees short of a complete 2 circles. If you divide the measure of a full circle by 54, you get 6.66666666.  "Have them make a chest of acacia wood- two and a half cubits long, a cubit and a half wide, and a cubit and a half high."  -Exodus 25:10   2.5 cubits / 1.5 cubits = 1.66666666, which is close enough to phi that the difference proprtions of the ark of the covenant to &#934; won't be a difference noticed by the human eye.  This exact same number can also be derived from the dimensions of the ark.  And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.  -Genesis 6:15   The breadth / height, which is 50/40, equals 1.66666666, which is not that far off from our calculation of &#934;. &#934; is was also used by the Greeks and Egyptians in the building of their structures.  You may think I'm psycho, but &#934; is yet another piece of evidence showing God's existance and that He created us.  More information about the golden number
You have chosen to post this mumbo jumbo, instead of posting ONE SIMPLE DEFINITION: How funny you call reasoned debate 'mumbo jumbo'  Here, I'll start it for you:  REASONED FAITH IS :   YOUR DEFINITION GOES HERE  *NO LINKS to 20 pages of nonsense, EITHER CUT AND PASTE IT OR WRITE IT IN YOUR OWN WORDS  Thanks!  -Mach Since you're incapable of understanding the evidence I put forward in Posts #40, #46, and #66. 'Tis a pity you call rationally set out evidence 'nonsense' simply because it doesn't confirm with your own a prioris.  However, I am in this for the purposes of education...yours... so....  Faith tempered by reason is reasoned faith.
I can understand why. Rationally "we're here" means just that. We're here. It doesn't mean Jerry Springer is a God, any more than in means that we are here because of a God, or any less for that matter. -Mach What do you care? For the purposes of arguing about evolution (see "Out of China" thread), you claim all you need are evidences.  'We are here' is evidence. You and the bootfitter argued it doesn't need to be worked into any thesis at all.  I pointed out that this stance is unworkable, and again you're confronted with such argument, albeit against your stance, and you immediately howl "You can't do that", yet you do the same.
So a river with a sandy bottom is not a river? What? A river with a sandy bottom is a river with a sandy bottom. So a human on steroids is not a human? Again, what? A human on steroids is a human on steroids. What are you on? So a sword tempered by heat is not a sword? Now this is closer to a better analogy. A sword tempered by heat, whilst still a sword, is a different sword to one not tempered by heat. It is stronger. Faith tempered by reason is no longer 'just faith', it is reasoned faith. I'm not following your definition, because you contradict yourself earlier. Did I? Is that why you laid down a series of very odd analogies? We're not arguing about Faith. We're arguing about reasoned faith. Reasoned faith is not faith. Guess what? It's 'reasoned faith'. But then: Faith tempered by reason is reasoned faith. Yes, what is your problem with that? It no longer is 'faith' it is faith tempered with reason; known as reasoned faith. It's tempered by reason. It's been, like the sword, changed. (unlike the sword it's not called 'faith alone' anymore, but 'reasoned faith') It's akin to me saying there's flour. If you add water to flour, it becomes dough. It still has flour in it. It's no longer 'just flour'. It has changed. Is faith used in conjunction with reason somehow not faith used with reason? What do you think reasoned faith is? I realize you have to be illogical/irrational to argue your side, but I don't appreciate it. Is the world this difficult for you? So, I was correct to reply: Faith, belief without evidence, arrived at through reason, which by definition requires evidence.  Inconsistent. So, go figure, I was correct all along and you just didn't know it. -Mach No, you still don't get it. Faith, added with reason is reasoned faith. That is what I said. It is faith tempered with reason. Not 'faith alone'.  If you don't believe me, ask your Junior High teacher.
Glad to see you jumped into the ring on this one.  Faith is belief without evidence.  Reason: Belief based on some evidence, the amount matters not.  If you believe in a "fire" based on faith, your evidence is faith. That's circular reasoning. Your premise is that fire exists without evidence, to say you "reasoned" that fire exists, based on faith, is circular.  If you believe based on both reason AND faith, your reasoning is again circular.  Logically if reasoning based exclusively on faith is circular reasoning, then using that AND [anything you want to put here], is also circular. thats not how it works. evidence can be inconclusive. if you are certain that your conclusion is right based on inconclusive evidence, then your are filling up the "certainty gap" with faith.  in the case of a siren sounding on the block, the possibility exists that there is a fire in the neighboorhood. but its obviously not conclusive. jumping to a conclusion without gathering all the facts is making a decision based on part-reason/part-faith  Reason does not imply conclusive proof or some absolute certainity. That's again, your mixing up definitions in some odd fashion.  this i know. certainty is up to the observer/deducer. some people are prone to jump to conclusion. some are skeptical of everything. the mix of reason faith a person uses to be certain about something depends on thje person and the situation.  Bill watched TV all day, at 4:45 he drove around the block and his wife, coming home from work, reasoned he was at work all day, based on the evidence of his driving, the evidence of having seen him go to work before, and on the evidence that he probably wouldn't lie.  She does not have conclusive proof, yet she still reasoned (and she's actually incorrect to boot). You somehow argue that she used faith, and reason, to which I say you're making faith synonymous with reason. They are mutually exclusive unless you re-define faith as "reason". Reason does not imply conclusive, absolute, right, or wrong. Get the dictionary if you like, whatever works for you to revise your definition. she used faith because there exists the possibility that her husband may lie, or that she could be wrong about her certainty. her conclusion may be deemed "reasonable" if there is a more likely chance that her reasoning is correct. similarly it may seem "unreasonable" for her to conclude that her husband never went to work but only just drove in to trick her. the fact is, she formed a certainty based on inconclusive evidence, but figured that the evidence she gathered (seeing her husband just drive in) would be sufficient to based her certainty upon.   If you use a faith to back a claim, it's circular reasoning. people do this all the time. vouch for someone's honesty. say you're going to meet someone at a certain time and place. lend someone money and expect to get it back. i could go on. we take it fir granted, but its there
That's fine and dandy, but to say your reason for pouring water on your house was because of your belief that there was a fire, based on no evidence, then your reasoning is circular. No one is saying you can't use fallacy to argue, such as "I am using a little faith and a lot of reason". I just think it's counter-productive if your goal is to arrive at a rational conclusion. you cannot say the decision was made "based on no evidence". the sound of a firetruck siren is evidence. it may not be sufficient evidence, but it is evidence nontheless. whenever there is a fire on the block, the sounds of sirens can be heard. the decision to pour water on your house would be unreasonable until you gather MORE evidence so that your reasonable certainty can outweigh your faith-based certainty
Don't get me wrong, you can use both faith and reason to base your beliefs, they will however be irrational beliefs. exactly. and my point is that we make irrational beliefs all the time. it is not always the best thing to wait until you gather all the necessary evidence before you make a decision. this is where judgement comes in. there are times when we must make a decision based on inconclusive evidence. call it irrational if you like (thats actually what it is, but dont tell the decision makers that), but its always part-faith/part-reason  OK, since you aren't understanding that faith REQUIRES no evidence, else, if it accepts evidence, it's reason. i have repeatedly pointed out that faith requires no evidence. the definition of faith is certainty in something without evidence  1. Show me how faith can be used reliably to show something as either true or false. it cannot. faith is used when sufficient evidence is absent. with faith-based certainties, there is always a risk that you may be wrong. the more faith employed, the higher the risk of being wrong  2. Secondly, faith is simply not necessary for explaning something. It's by definition, not an explanation, but a dogma, "THIS IS TRUE". No evidence is needed. If you can show me some things that faith IS necessary for explaining, then again, we might get somewhere (you cannot unfortunately). faith is necessary for explaining that which needs an explanation but cannot be currently backed by evidence. for example, you must explain why you need to hire kim as an assistant. kim's resume and interview may be incoclusive evidence of her motives and competence, but you justify your decision based on what you have, and based on your belief that its true and that what you see with kim is what you get. obviously, the possibilty exists that you can be wrong about your decision, and its reasonable to admit that, since the decision was based largely on faith
A concise manner? That again is not something I stated previously. I stated you argue about something we're agreed upon and that you ignore the evidence I post, and ask for evidence, even though I posted it.  It's not me who wants to do this. It's very easy of you to paint this as me -v- the rest of the world. I have given you a large number of sites and implied 2,000 years of Christian teaching.  Again, you choose to term this into something that I am doing. It is easier, I guess, for you to reason that this is just 'Montalban's theory'. I also gave an analogy right at the beginning re: my mum. You must have missed that, too.  Again you ask for evidence I've already given. Go see my previous post where I list at least three posts where that evidence is given.  Yes, I know you just love saying this. Curious! I pointed this out in the previous two posts. But, you just go on telling everyone this.  No. Creating a phrase to best describe circumstances is not a fallacy. And again, stop pretending that this is something that I am doing. Sheesh! You're just determined to go on auto-pilot and print stuff almost without regard to what is said.  Can you, in your next hundred posts re-print what 'faith' means? Please, just in case someone missed it. monty, i must admit that i am equally lost about your defense as mach is. you started off by saying your belief in God is based on "reasoned faith". Mach said that there is no such thing. he said that reason and faith are 2 mutually exclusive entities, and that "reasoned faith" is nothing short of an oxymoron  monty, i think you are obliged, in defense of your claim, to show how reasoned faith is not an oxymoron, but can actually back up a belief, such as your belief in God  rather than pasting countless links and references to other peoples ideas of what YOU use to back up your beliefs, why dont you, in your own words, simply explain what reasoned faith is? by providing the definitions of "reason" and "faith", i think mach was giving you a fair start on your explanation
Faith: Beliefs that require no evidence Reason: Beliefs that require evidence a belief is something one is certain is true. reason and faith are different bases for a belief. one can believe something is true through faith, or through reason. if i am certain (believe) that cars can fly because i dreamt i saw a car fly, or because i actually saw a flying car, doesnt make the belief any different, only the basis of the belief. no belief "requires" a specific type of basis. even the belief in ghosts (if they did indeed exist) could be based on belief or reason  however, one single belief can be based in both faith and reason. in fact, faith is usually the default basis, and it is replaced by reason as evidence comes up. many things we are certain of are based in faith and reason simultaneously. the relationship between the 2 is inverse, the more evidence there is, the less the belief relies on faith. the basis for a single belief can also switch from primarily or entirely faith to primarily or entirely reason and vice versa. we can be certain of something based on evidence, then later find out that our reason does not lead to the conclusion we came up with. if we continue to hold on to that belief even without evidence, then its a faith-based belief. similarly (and this is the most common case), we may believe something to be true simply because we were told. eventually, we start gathering evidence that backs up what we originally believed, making the basis for that belief change from faith to reason, without changing the belief itself
Such nonsense, let's clear you up. Reason is a method for separating out what is true and what is false. Reason is sufficient, entirely, for this task. Why would you need to make up a new phrase called "reasoned faith"? Mach, I have given you the benefit of the doubt now for some weeks, actually assuming that you were genuinely debating me. It seems that either you aren't, and determined to prattle off stuff in an effort to spam the threads, or your incapable of not resorting to straw-man. You quite erroneously reconstruct this term I have used as 'a new phrase' and that is so wrong that I suspect you have no desire for reasoned debate. I have posted quite a large body of evidence, and suggested that, as far as Christianity alone is concerned, reasoned faith has existed for 2,000 years. Perhaps it's because you haven't been taught the concept yet at school. But to assume that it is a 'new phrase' is absolutely false, as shown by thinkers such as Augustine, whom I've referred to (he lived c.400; so unless you construe 'new' as 1,600 years old, (?) :)) Whether you are genuine in debating or not, such blatant misconstructions do you no justice what-so-ever. And I should hope that you refrain from doing so in the future. You don't need to agree with what I say, but it is disrepectful to say the least to re-construct arguments in such dishonest ways. Your statement that faith "made stronger" by reason is somehow not faith is curious, and nonsensical. The flavor of strawberry might have some raspberry added to it, but it's still a flavor. Yes, but it's no longer strawberry flavour. It's a new flavour, a combination of the two. Pity you fail to see your own examples don't help you. A sword changed by heat is still a sword. PERIOD. It's different than sword A, but its still a sword. Don't be so irrational. I said as much; it is still a sword. Here again you re-vert to ignoring what was said. I did however say that it is a stronger sword. See # 2 below? Please abide by it, else we have no need to debate. It will help your arguments make sense. Let's remind you: 1. Law of identify. Anything is itself. If a proposition is true, than it is true. 2. The law of the excluded middle: anything is either A, or not A. A proposition can either be true, or false. 3. Law of contradiction (your favorite!!) - nothing can be both A, and not A. A proposition cannot be both true, and false. Faith: Beliefs that require no evidence Reason: Beliefs that require evidence So, please say it again. PLEASE say it's both. Please please please say it's BOTH again. Ah, again a straw-man. Reasoned faith is neither [a] nor [b] (see your own example re: mixing strawberry and raspberry). How many degrees of wrong can you be in a single post? -mach Show one of them. So far you've exampled a flavour that is no longer strawberry or raspberry, but a new flavour, that therefore is neither [a] nor [b], but [c] which is what I've maintained all the while, that reasoned faith is not faith. SO you're whole argument, even using your own analogy bodes ill for you. It is arguments like this, where you, on autopilot prattle of a large amount of stuff that actually contradicts yourself that in fact makes me feel that you're actually genuinely concerned about debate, and not attempting to spam these boards. However, you need to consider that when you give examples of mixing of flavours that becomes a new and different flavour, neither [a] nor [b] then you are in fact arguing against yourself, and it does no justice to you.  If you are genuine, you'd actually post some evidence. This is one of several posts, several arguments we're having where you either refuse to give evidence, or you can't.
"The Law of the Excluded Middle" is a concept new to Mach, obvious so because of the novel application he uses.  "The Law of the Excluded Middle is that "if a given proposition is not true then its denial must be true&#8221;. See also The Law of (Non-)Contradiction which says that "if a given proposition is true then its denial cannot be true". Whereas formal logic places an absolute ban on Contradiction, Intuitionism is a branch of Logic which holds that the Law of Excluded Middle is not valid. For dialectics, this law has only relative truth; due to the inherently mobile and interconnected nature of all concepts, it is frequently the case that neither a proposition nor its denial may be accepted as absolutely true. http://www.marxists.org/glossary/terms/e/x.htm  It makes the assumption that two concepts are 'crisply defined as either [a] or [b].  In this case Mach deems that "reason" [a] and "faith" [b] can not be the opposite, by arguing in favour of "The Law of the Excluded Middle"  The idea is that [a] as defined can not be [b], and visa versa. However "reasoned faith" is neither [a] nor [b], but [c] and thus Mach makes one of the saddest mistakes of logic. He gives an example of this in his own analogy in post 83 The flavor of strawberry might have some raspberry added to it, but it's still a flavor. In this case strawberry [a] and raspberry [b] can neither be each other. However, mixed together they create a new flavour [c]. [c] is neither [a] nor [b]. It is what I have been arguing, and what he has failed to grasp.  And thus, continuing his analogy, adding instead of the ingredients, the concepts, we read his sentence as The concept of truth of faith might have some reason added to it, but it's still a concept of truth.  Concrete thinking is to blame for someone seeing everything in black and white.  Logicians also accept that paradoxes exist, and that these defy the "Law of the Excluded Middle", such as the The Epimenides Paradox.  Scientists accept that there are degrees of truth, that things neither are [a] nor [b]. This is called "Fuzzy logic" and is "widely accepted within the engineering and computer science communities, but generally rejected by mathematicians and statisticians." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuzzy_logic
1. A belief is most certainly not a known truth. Degree of certainty is fine to apply to anything approached through reason. Reason however assumes anything CAN be known, whether it's known or not doesn't change that it can be known. I'm more certain about my existence than I am about my belief in the exact age of the earth, and will always be this way. Reason does not imply perfect knowledge, only a way of arriving at knowledge. there are some things that cannot be determined by reason. will your neighbor return your weedwacker? is your business partner being honest? will my city be safe from a terrorist attack? yet these possibilities are just as much reality as archimedes principle or newtons laws.   2. The instant you use reason to back your belief, faith is no more. It's not a graduated change. Why:  2. The law of the excluded middle: anythign is either A, or not A. A proposition can either be true, or false. 3. Law of contradiction - nothing can be both A, and not A. A proposition cannot be both true, and false. a belief does not care what it is based on. either faith or reason can be the basis of a belief.  belief: fire makes things hot basis 1: my mom told me, so i believe basis 2: i've observed fire causing things to get hot  regardless of the basis, the belief is the same. the basis doesnt change the belief itself. most of the things you are taught as a child you believe by faith. you take your parents'/teachers'/ books' word on what they say and believe it as true because mom/mr. charles/the encyclopedia said so. as you grow older, some of the things you believe by faith become based in reason, because you have observed with your senses and determined that they were true (backed up by evidence). the more evidence you have to back up your belief, the less you need to rely on faith  you assume that the law of excluded middle applies, but it doesnt. a belief itself does not care about its basis, its just a belief that the statement is true. there is no rule that states a belief can only be determined by a single basis.   Faith: Belief justified without evidence Reason: Belief justified by evidence.  That might be a bit more clear. You can be incorrect in your justification, but it doesn't mean you didn't arrive at your belief through reason.  However: You either USE evidence for your belief, or you don't. There is no middle, and it cannot be both. I think religious and common definitions of faith confuse the issue. Faith in your case is synonomous with a degree of certainty, unless it's entirely based without evidence, in which case it's faith.  Either you use evidence, or you do not, there is no middle, it cannot be both. Fortunately for us, else we would be incapable of reason. i agree. however, you continue to ignore the fact that inconclusive evidence exist (and therefore partial reasoning).   again, the senario: a guy hears a siren up the block and immediately rushes out and hoses down his house.   would you consider his belief (that there is a fire on his block) reasonable? would you consider him reasonable to act on such a belief? (note that a siren sound is the evidence he is acting on)
Nonsense. If it's outside of reason, where is it? Reason does not imply certainty. You can have a degree of certainty with regards to reason. The ONLY requirement is that you can rationally justify your belief.  Correct example:  Will my neighbor return my weedwaker: - Returning borrowed things is often considered a good thing to do - However, people often are lazy and forget or put it off - Some people steal, but I know my neighbor is well-off and should have no reason to steal a $100 weedwacker (gas powered!) - My neighbor exists - I DID let my neighbor borrow my weedwacker, which I believe also exists. - I asked my neighbor to return it when he's done with it. - He hasn't had it long, I still think he's well within etiquette to not have returned it yet. - Then again, my neighbor is rarely home and very forgetful, I will probably have to remind him.   Conclusion1: My neighbor will return my weedwacker. Conclusion2: My neighbor will not return my weedwacker. Conlcusion3: I'm fairly certain my neighbor will return my ww. Conclsuion4: I don't think by neighbor will return the ww, but he might. OR: I am not going to come to a conclusion yet.  All of these are consistent with reason.  You have to have no evidence to utilize faith. Again, there is no middle to these statemetns: Faith requires no evidence Reason requires evidence faith is belief without evidence. what evidence do i have that my neighboor will return my weedwacker? none  I don't care if you need 1 unit of evidence, or 10000, if you REQUIRE it, you require it. If you don't, you don't.  No, I don't ignore it. It's wholly accepted and embraced, and logical. As detailed above. It's entirely consistent with reason. You can make false conclusions using reason, we do it daily!  -Mach you didnt comment on the scenario
oh, and you also didnt comment on the "fire makes things hot because mom said so" vs "fire makes things hot because of what i observed".  Regarding your scenario, it follows the same rules. I think he made a poor choice, didnt' intereperet the data well, poorly justified his belief, but justified it just the same. Again, reason does not require you to arrive at the right conclusion, it just needs evidence as justification. If he considered the siren evidence that a fire may occur, then he reasoned it. If it was pure coincidence that he heard the siren, and assumed fire, then it was faith. He can call it either way, but if he justified his belief based on evidence, it was reasoned, not faith.  -Mach have you ever said "hmm... i dont know about this, but i'll give it a try"?   when you act on a belief (i'm not talking about testing the belief, i mean putting the belief into action), in your mind you are 100% certain that your belief is true. if your belief is based on inconclusive evidence, then its incomplete reasoning. yet you are completely convinced about your conclusion. you are using faith to fill the gap in the certainty.   thats my take on it anyway. i think we both understand what we're saying, and might have to agree on leaving it as is  i think in the end, you stil end up accepting certain things as evidence that i would not consider evidence. for example, in the case of your neighboor (fred)returning your weedwacker, you really have no observable evidence that he will return youf weedwacker. in fact, there's a term coined specifically for lending someone something in the hopes of being repaid in the future: "goodfaith". you cannot predict the future, and the only things that are undoubtedly bound to happen are events that conform to the laws of physics (accelerating objects due to gravity, etc). other than that, you have no evidence that a specific event WILL happen. the evidence you consider may SUGGEST what will happen, but no evidence can ever bring to the 100% conclusion that fred will return your weedwacker  my view is that evidence can bring certainty in some instances, but not in all. with faith, we recognize that the evidence dose not suggest certainty, yet we must act on our belief, so faith comes into play. if the evidence outweighs the faith factor, this our conclusion is considered "reasonable". if we have a deficit in evidence, the conclusion is considered "faith-based". most of our beliefs have a generous mix of faith and reason
Two posts of yours that caught my eye -    I don't agree with this paragraph at all.  I do a lot of things and test a lot of things that I believe will work, rarely am I 100% certain they will work though. In fact, I do this for a living. :p  Then-    (From the Superstiton vs. God thread.)  These two quotes from you seem at odds, but perhaps I'm just reading them wrong.  Waxy no, you are right on both cases. i may be incorrect on saying we give the beilefs 100% certainty, because we dont, yet we act on them. however, we have a hope that they work out in our favor, and thats where faith comes in. like you say, we are usually aware that we could be wrong. and we are also aware that we are not 100% certain about our belief.  my point (slightly modified now) is that if we act upon a belief not backed 100% by evidence, then we are exercising faith. even if we gather all the evidence available, very often it alone cannot give us 100% certainty. faith is no guaratee, in fact in undergoing any venture that involves risk, faith is involved
OK.  Let's examine a situation I deal with every day. Drilling oil and gas wells.  I've got say 2 or 3, or if I'm lucky 10 or 12, data points in an area and a geological concept. From that you create a series of maps and cross-sections of the strata, and you propose a well location. Before a well is drilled, every possible piece of data is examined. I should be pretty certain of the result right? WRONG.  As the old saying goes "It's 2 miles down, and it's dark." :p  You have no idea what the drill bit will encounter until you drill it.  There is no faith involved in drilling a well IMHO. You do your homework, examine all the facts, pick what you think is the best location, and then you sit back wait. I BELIEVED it was a good location, and I HOPE it's a good well, but I certainly don't have faith in it being a good well.  To my mind hoping for a result, or believing in the possibility of a result, are completely different that having faith in a result. Faith implies certainty regardless of circumstance, hope and belief do not.  Perhaps I'm different than most, but I approach all of my life with the same attitude that I approach drilling a well. I'll do all I can to make sure I make the right choice, and then hope for the best, but in the end, what happens happens. I wouldn't presume to have "faith" in my decision being correct, and definately not with 100% certainty.  Waxy I'm going out on a limb, here, Waxy, but I'll say that you have faith in your work, in your judgement, and in your decisions. That's what I've got to say about that...
"It makes the assumption that two concepts are 'crisply defined as either [a] or . crisply...I don't know about you but "crisply" wasn't in the description when I learned the concept about 10 years ago. But that's as irrelevant as your claims about when I arrived at my knowledge. Odd that you'd reduce my argument to this one sentence, with some kind of fixation on one word 'crisply'*. However, it is still wrong of you to maintain that because two different things are opposites, that there can't be another different thing between them.  I note Mach, you're posts are still devoid of evidence; other than your supposition, repeated now for over a week. You've continually re-worked my argument, ignore the evidence of eminent thinkers that disagree with you; even scientists - re : fuzzy logic.  Your own analogy on flavours destroyed your argument. Flavour [x]. flavour [y] and combined flavour [z] are all flavours Reason [x], faith [y] and combined 'reasoned faith [z] are all still ways of determining truth.  For someone now claiming to have learnt the concept 10 years ago, you need do some refresher course. I posted several sites for you to look at. It lacks honesty when you continually posture about 'reason based on evidence' and provide absolutely none. Further, to undermine your credibility as a debitor, you simply re-work argument, and then present analogies that support my side, not yours.  You should just admit you are wrong, in this instance. The difficulty for you lies in the fact you've actually hinged your world-faith on this false dichotomy. It is why you have the confidence to argue against religion; because you think it is devoid of reason. This is sailing close to a personal attack, but it is becoming frustrating that you should continually make claims, then not accept tests by the rules of testing you yourself espouse.  I am eager to engage you in a debate on ideas, but this is difficult when you've debated me so far on something we're in agreement with (i.e.. 'faith'), you've demanded I provide evidence, which I've done and referred you to them repeatedly, yet conversely you provide none yourself.   For your own benefit, and for anyone else suffering the same mistaken belief I repeat two of the many pieces of evidence... "The Law of the Excluded Middle is that "if a given proposition is not true then its denial must be true&#8221;. See also The Law of (Non-)Contradiction which says that "if a given proposition is true then its denial cannot be true". Whereas formal logic places an absolute ban on Contradiction, Intuitionism is a branch of Logic which holds that the Law of Excluded Middle is not valid. For dialectics, this law has only relative truth; due to the inherently mobile and interconnected nature of all concepts, it is frequently the case that neither a proposition nor its denial may be accepted as absolutely true. http://www.marxists.org/glossary/terms/e/x.htm  and Scientists accept that there are degrees of truth, that things neither are [x] nor [y]. This is called "Fuzzy logic" and is "widely accepted within the engineering and computer science communities, but generally rejected by mathematicians and statisticians." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuzzy_logic  Your continual posturing based on an a priori belief that has no rationale behind it is underling your credibility. You need know that logic is determined not always by scientists who are of the same bent as yourself (see reference immediately above).   *crisply - means 'cleanly' in this case, and you can use what ever word(s) you feel comfortable that denotes the same meaning.
I suppose that might be true. emoticon_confused   I wouldn't classify it as faith though, I'd classify it as belief in myself. That belief is based on my education, prior performance and a thorough examination of all the available evidence prior to reaching a decision. I try to eliminate myself as a source of error or input as much as possible. Unfortunately, geology being what it is, that isn't always possible.  If I simply had faith in myself, I wouldn't require any of the above, I would simply throw a dart at a board and be certain that was the best location.   That may not be the technically correct classification of belief vs. faith, but that's how I see it.  Waxy  So do you believe that your 'belief' in yourself is a combination of 'faith' and 'reason'?  Do you believe that there's such a thing as 'reasoned faith'?
I suppose that might be true. emoticon_confused   I wouldn't classify it as faith though, I'd classify it as belief in myself. That belief is based on my education, prior performance and a thorough examination of all the available evidence prior to reaching a decision. I try to eliminate myself as a source of error or input as much as possible. Unfortunately, geology being what it is, that isn't always possible.  If I simply had faith in myself, I wouldn't require any of the above, I would simply throw a dart at a board and be certain that was the best location.   That may not be the technically correct classification of belief vs. faith, but that's how I see it.  Waxy yes, all that you say is reasonable. my point is that along with the other things your belief is based on, part is based on the unknown. you believe you will do a good job even though the evidence doesnt dictate 100% that you will. thats all i'm saying
I&#8217;ve been thinking about what Waxy said and the replies given by Montalban and unkerpaulie. I would like to give an example of what I was talking about when I inadvertently put Waxy on the spot (in which I&#8217;m sure he&#8217;s been several times :) )  Here are the two similarities:  I believe in you. I have faith in you.  To some and also in the dictionaries they are one in the same, but actually they are only similar.  I believe in you means I trust your actions, your feelings, and your decisions about (a certain thing) and that you will do your best for the whole (whether that whole is the family, the community, the country, or the world).  I have faith in you means means I know all that you do will benefit us both. You have faith in your children so that they will grow up and make the right choices that benefit them, and, by proxy, yourself. You have faith in your wife that she will always love you &#8211; dual benefit. You have faith that God will perform His word &#8211; dual benefit. Whether we believe it or not God wants us to have faith in Him&#8230;that&#8217;s His benefit.  Sigma&#8217;s sig is &#8220;Faith is a substitute for knowledge, as death is for a difficult life.&#8221; To me anyone that lives without faith can never truly gain knowledge. But, to me, death is not the end, but the beginning.  PS - Sigma, I hope you don't mind me using your sig to make a point.
 All flavors is by definition a flavor, as long as it's not incable (sic) of providing a sensory experience in the mouth (a mouth with a tongue, nasal passage, etc.). So what? Why are you now defining what a flavour is? Are you aware what analogy is? You're the one who used it as an analogy, now you're seeming to suggest it's a bad one because flavours are a sensory construct, whereas 'faith', 'reason' etc, are not(?) Why are you arguing against yourself? - Fuzzy logic also, logically, adheres to basic logic when the precise values are known. Requires, is a precise term, by any stretch, so you're still stuck with good old fashioned logic. Fuzzy logic is more similar to every day decision making where you don't have a clear yes/no, or don't know precise values, and still want to make a decision based generally on probability. It's the logical application of reasoning in my simple terms. It does nothing to bypass basic logic, which of course, is what you endeavor to do.  Fuzzy logic defies your example regarding "The Law of the Excluded Middle", which itself is a device of limited use, providing that two things are clearly defined. In this case 'faith' and 'reason' ARE clearly defined, however, we're not dealing with this, but another concept (which is not 'new' despite your dishonest re-assessment), called "reasoned faith". This is called "Fuzzy logic" and is "widely accepted within the engineering and computer science communities, but generally rejected by mathematicians and statisticians." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuzzy_logic It is a direct refutation of your application of "the Law of the Excluded Middle" in that some scientists accept that things aren't necessarily black and white. As a concrete thinker, this seems hard for you to absorb, even when scientists disagree with you.  So, since none of this would have, or has, any impact on the questions asked, and the conclusions one can draw from them, you don't need this detour, thanks though for trying to dodge the questions. - Faith does not require evidence - Reason requires evidence. Either something REQUIRES evidence, or it does not REQUIRE evidence, in this case.  You're back to flogging this dead horse. We're not debating 'faith' or 'reason', to which we are both in agreement. We are debating another and different entity called "reasoned faith" which is an admixture of the other two concepts.  Reasoned faith: You see, there is your dilemma again, the on you either cannot see, or won't see. Riddle us this: FOR MONTALBAN: Does reasoned faith REQUIRE evidence, or does it NOT REQUIRE evidence? Please prove I'm incorrect with MY post, not your strawman, and please stop asking for us to "accept" your position when you refuse to simply show me why you're correct. Answer the questions. FOR MONTALBAN: How does reasoned faith determine truth from falsity? Easy questions, for someone who thinks incorrectly that they are right, this should be a quick response. Why dodge it? These should be friendly debates, if you're wrong, just accept it and move on to a new topic. -Mach Mach, you ask me a riddle here but we've gone several weeks where you've not done me the courtesy of giving any evidence other than your own misplaced opinion. If you can research a site, that agrees with your stance, that is based on philosophical study. But you don't. You can't. And that's saddeningly dishonest of you to not debate to the same level of research you continually get from, and expect from me. I put forward evidence in Posts #40, #46, and #66, and reminded you of this as late as post #79. It seems your spoiling tactic is to ignore an answer I give, and continue to ask questions about 'reasoned faith' when I've already given loads of supporting evidence on three separate occasions. I had hoped that you were a genuine debator, but you are not. You simply re-state your belief. I have asked for you to support your statement on every occasion, and you see fit not to do so, and then to ask me for support which has been given from philosophical and religious sites, including dictionaries of philosophy. This weight of evidence is something you continue to ignore. If you are a genunie debator, you will respond with evidence, not opinion. Find the research. I even suggested a philosopher who might agree with you. You are lowering the standard of debate by refusing to post anything but opinion - when you yourself demand 'evidence' from others.   This is the challenge, open for everyone now to see. Will Mach cite sources of evidence? I believe he won't.  Show me the evidence.
Basically the belief, without evidence, itself, can impact, in a real way, our lives and the lives of those around us. It's not used with the desire to gain knowledge directly, it's meant to give...confidence, so to speak, in a very real way. Good point, Mach. I would like to go further down that road if you don&#8217;t mind and say that that confidence will surely diminish in time without hard evidence. And I know that the confidence you speak of is for boosting one&#8217;s moral, but we would both, I think, agree that without substance it would soon be replaced by something. I could give you a thousand examples, but feel assured that you don&#8217;t need it. As you mention, faith in one's children is a great example, even to the point when a child commits a crime, parents will (and I assume I will as well!) side with their child. Rationally they may know differently, but outwardly, they ignore the evidence and have faith. Faith in a child, unfortunately, can be lost, despite how much he/she is loved. Gone are honor, respect, admiration, reliability, and faith&#8230;all but love. The type of action that destroys the aforementioned is varied by the deed&#8217;s severity. Many parents have more faith in a stranger than their own child after the child has gone beyond a certain threshold. I pray that I never see that day. We all take part in this, and it's part of the human condition. Archers use to aim at targets they knew they could not hit, in an effort to make them shoot farther than they might if they set their sights at a more...reasonable distance. Competitors of all kinds visualize winning, KNOW they will win, and proceed to perform with that in mind. Our mortality...probably the most common form of denial that serves in many cases, what we believe to be a very good purpose (keep us sane in the face of our impending death). Yes, I agree, there is nothing wrong with aiming high&#8230;until you want to put meat on the table. :) And I agree that positive thinking can take us a very long way. It&#8217;s knowing what to do after &#8220;knowing&#8221; we will win, and we lose, that makes the difference. God wants you to think for yourself, religion don&#8217;t, God loves to see us guard our souls, but religion wants us to put all our eggs in one basket. Sometimes it&#8217;s best to be sure we will hit our mark, despite all the evidence to the contrary. What I can't abide by is anyone's dispute of reason based on irrational grounds. To claim there are applications of "faith" that serve humans well, is entirely reasonable, and one I happen to side with as well. Keep faith where it is, use it, emrbace it, do what you will with it, but I can't sit by as some try to push it into the space that reason holds. To dispute logic, as some do, and then using trickery, confusion, filabustering, lying, to back up one's claims seems quite diabolical to me. Worthy of battling it back to hell...where it belongs ;) I&#8217;m with you all the way there, Mach. Either you have faith in something that works or you don&#8217;t. It really doesn&#8217;t matter if you think it might one day, if it&#8217;s not bearing fruit &#8211; cut it down. Pushing faith into a hole where squarely sits reason is really having no faith at all. Very good point, Mach.
Reasoned faith is not a word. It's a phrase. It describes using both faith and reason. Before you denied it was a phrase. Then you changed to it being a new word (post #114). How you do jump about and diminish your debate :) It's truly amazing that you can type this stuff that contradicts something else you wrote only a short while ago. It's a logical AND, ...faith AND reason. Thus, it's reduced back to giving conclusions based on no evidence, and is thus, is irrational. (From Montalban's own posts) It no longer is 'faith' it is faith tempered with reason; known as reasoned faith.  You use the word faith in your definition, you already admitted it's faith combined with reason. Yes. Your point? It is indeed a combination (as your analogy dealt with, of combining flavours).  but you can have faith and reason; reasoned faith Quote from your source, this does not indicate some new made-up nonsensical word, it clearly shows reasoned faith as using both reason and faith to make decisions. What do you think reasoned faith is? Anyway, you're awfully confused. You're both saying it's phrase, it's a nonsensical word, it's a word that does clearly show something (obviously). What is it you're trying to fathom? So, as we see, by both your words, our understanding of the English language, and your sources, that reasoned faith is use a phrase describing the use of BOTH reason, and faith. They are not something new, they are the logical combination which you have thoroughly convinced me of. I never said it is something new. That's the untruth you said (see post #114). But you hit upon what reasoned faith is. It is a combination of faith and reason. After all this time of debate, and suddenly BINGO, you got it. So, we're back to reason and faith. Yes, I have predicted that you would continue to go back to what we're already agreed upon. - Faith does not require evidence - Reason requires evidence. Using both in combination results in two methods. You can use faith AND reason, or use can use faith OR reason. Let's test them!!! Please, enough with your weird examples. Why not use reasoned faith? So much for reasoned combined with faith, it's logically irrational. So you keep saying, and you've offered not a single citation to back up your opinion, something else I said you'd do. Enjoy. It's the only reason I continue to respond to your jumble of thoughts. PS. I Have specifically told you that #1, number of sites you quote means nothing with regards to right and wrong, obvious to anyone #2 I want to see your root argument, not 400404 derivations of it that I have to sift through just to find each point, then have you argue with me about THAT point not being the point you were making. If you lack the capacity or patience to read through your sources, and make a clear list of ROOT arguments, and present the link ONLY, don't demand for someone else to do it for you. The burden is on you dear sir. -Mach No, what you are saying is that you don't need to look at any citation of people who work in the field of philosophy, all you need do is argue points we agree on, ad infinitum (such as a definition of 'faith') But you're right, dealing with you is a burden.  Here's a bit of reasoned faith. I have faith that God is good. If God is good then God would not be cruel. That is reasoned faith. I have faith in God, I use reason to conclude what God is like. But it goes deeper than that too, (but I'm sure you'll be quite selective in your re-wording of this statement), that God has revealed Himself to us. That is reason; proof by appearance. God has said "I am a God of love", we believe Him, that is faith. God made us to recognise Him; it is in our nature to return to Him. Faith and reason working hand in hand; reasoned faith. We are not wholly rational beings, and we are not wholly emotional beings. WE are a combination of both rational and emotional, and thus we come to know things with both head and heart.  Here's an interesting site... Can we have both Evidence and Faith?  The origin of the word faith comes from a Latin word meaning to trust.  Usually we need to earn trust to receive it, but that is not always the case.  Does God want us to have earned trust in him, or should we just trust? Hebrews 11:1,6  According to Hebrews 11 faith has substance, and evidence and can be diligently sought for.  We have not seen have we seen the air, but we have faith that air exist because we have evidence, we have seen the trees sway in the wind, balloons fill, and even tornadoes tear houses away from thier foundation.  The same can be said for God we have not seen God, but we have access evidence just as powerful as any tornado that he exist, but we have to diligently seek it.  1 Peter 3:15  God commands us to be ready to give an answer to everyone who ask  for the hope that lies within you.  If you have faith that requires no evidence you have something more precious than gold, but many people esspecailly in our modern day world need evidence to believe in God and the Bible requires us to have an answer for those people who are looking for evidence. So even if you do not personally need evidence for your faith, you need to be able to answer the questions about your faith that others have.  Acts 1:3  Jesus produced many infallible proofs of his reserection.  Mat 22:37  We are to love the Lord with all our mind as well as our heart and soul  How can we love God with our mind without anilizing the evidence that God exist?  Mark 9:24  Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief.  This verse sounds confusing until you read the entire chapter this man brought his demon possessed son to Jesus to be healed, and Jesus said I can fix him if you believe  What I believe this man was saying was Lord I believe, but if you heal my son, you will have given me the evidence I need for my faith to grow.  In Exodus 4:1-10 Moses tells God that his people won't believe that Moses has talked to him and God replies by giving him several signs to prove that he has spoken with God. And that is just the first of many times that God gives the Jews evidence that he reigns supreme.  http://wzippler.tripod.com/Biblestudy/faith.htm
When I read this paragraph in your treatise on "reasoned faith", was reminded that my favourite apostle is Doubting Thomas. Yet to this apostle's perfectly reasonable scepticism, Jesus answered "Blessed are they who have not seen and yet believed". This seems to add a further "mystical" dimension to the difficulty any reasonable person would have on the subject of Christ's resurrection - which is that even more spiritual "merit" is gained by believing something that you've been unable to submit to a verification procedure. "Infallible proofs" - what are they ?  You call it 'perfectly reasonable'. The guy travelled around with Jesus for @ 3 yrs. Saw heaps of miracles, heard Jesus talk, etc. Then his fellow Apostles tell him that Jesus has come back, and his faith was so small that he didn't believe them.  However, the important bit is that even he accepted Jesus had returned. The Apostles were all a mixed bag of people, and were quite fallible, but St. Thomas' faith was so strong after that he accepted martyrdom for his faith.  His ministry to the world after seeing Jesus is infallible proof. He died for the truth of what he was witness to. But I expect you're not going to be happy with that.    PS just out of interest, have you ever read any of the gospels wrongly ascribed to St. Thomas?   For a history of St. Thomas; http://www.indianchristianity.org/orthodox/history.html
It is a combination of faith and reason    I just did your combinations of faith and reason, turned out illogical. Yes, once again brave Mach posits his own opinion again. The challenge was for him to actually connect it to some evidentiary research. A challenge that was laid down some weeks ago, and each and every post Mach shies away from this and simply re-states his opinion on it. He did attempt to bring in a philosophical term "The Law of the Excluded Middle" but he's now dropped that. It was his second half-hearted attempt at research, and both times he showed a total misunderstanding of what it is he was trying to say; because the cites didn't support his statements. So much for the 'rational' debate. Mach continues his 'just-so' statements. Please do post more religious dogma though, I'm CERTAIN it must help ease the pain of being incorrect. What are you crying about now?  If you still hold onto "reasoned faith" as something other than a combination of faith and reason..oh wait, that would contradict your above statement. What do you think reasoned faith is? Some posts you argue that its a word, others that it's a phrase, then you add in all sorts of un-supported claims; like it's 'new'. Where are you up to this time?  OK, if you want to withdraw your statement that reasoned faith is actually a combination of faith and reason, please do so. Then you can claim reasoned faith is something entirely different than faith and reason in combination, please do so. Reasoned faith is a combination of reason and faith. I have maintained a consistent claim. Somehow you, who change what it is you are arguing against daily, believe I am changing. That's very rich! I look forward to you just repeating the concept is illogical. And laughably, if I cite any additional evidence (remember you have NONE) you dispute that on the basis of .... that any amount of evidence could be shown for either case (?). I'll recall that when we debate on evolution. The laughs keep coming thanks to Mach.  Ah the irony of Mach claiming to champion an evidential style of debate; arguing against use of evidence.
His ministry to the world after seeing Jesus is infallible proof. He died for the truth of what he was witness to. But I expect you're not going to be happy with that.  No, I'm not happy with your "infallible proof". Outside the axiomatic world of mathematics, there is no such thing as an "infallible proof" - i.e. a proof which by definition is free from all error. Observations by witnesses can, in courts of law after cross examination, be used to prove beyond a reasonable doubt. But these observations are never infallible and always open to challenge whenever the evidence suggests it. This must apply with even more emphasis to the reports of men who lived 2000 years ago in a pre-scientific world. Then your rebuttal is based on an opinion based on how you consider men alone might act, because you would not factor into this the guidance of the Holy Spirit, which for you itself is probably an unproven entity based on the same said opinion. I see a circle forming. PS just out of interest, have you ever read any of the gospels wrongly ascribed to St. Thomas? No, I haven't read the gospel of St Thomas, but I am familiar with many Greek Myths which I suppose indicates my general interest in fairy tales. I don't support the works attributed to St.Thomas either. However, I don't see what connection you are trying to make between Greek legends and the works of St. Thomas who wasn't Greek. That you are saying that you know of some Greek Myths; are you trying to say that your interest in legends is confined to Greek ones? I fail to understand what it is you're driving at.
Yes, once again brave Mach posits his own opinion again.  Personal, It's factual. Evidence by the lack of citations that you make.  you're talking to an audience not debating me,  We are on a public forum, or did you imagine we two are the only ones reading this? you make more claims, namely, that an argument is an opinion, irrelevant to the debate. Yes, you do continually re-state your opinion. You demand evidence, yet offer none. When I offer it, you say no amount of evidence will convince you, and then a few posts later, you'll demand that I post evidence. The challenge was for him to actually connect it to some evidentiary research. Was this the challenge? I thought the challenge was to you Not quite. I posted numerous sites that show that the concept of reasoned faith is neither just my opinion, nor 'new' (something which you claimed; thus you have made counter-claims; which are false). You continually say that it doesn't exist. I have shown my case. You dismiss it with your re-statement of opinion. So, there is some burden for you to show why you think your opinion, constantly re-stated constitutes an argument greater then effectively saying "no it isn't" There is also some need for you to demonstrate why you hold a circular position. You demand evidence, and when it's posted, you say the amount of evidence I cite is irrelevant, even though it backs up my case; because you then argue that no amount of evidence will convince you. Next thing you do, is you demand I post evidence. :) , that is, you still have yet to tell us what reasoned faith is. Yes, you make such claims even though I've referred you to definitions of it. This is again your very lazy way of arguing; calling for an answer that's already been given. For you this is 'argument'. And the thing for my side is it shows how irrational your argument is. Even if people disagree with my case, your case is flawed by that lack of evidentiary argument. In fact, for instance, in Post 46 I gave you several citations, including from philosophical dictionaries/sites. Your retort was that the actual amount of evidence to my case was irrelevant. And that's been the story so far. So much for the rational mind, you have a belief, and regardless of what evidence is put forward, you maintain your belief is correct - based on (?) your belief that you are correct. I posted evidences at Posts #40, #46, and #66. You make a cry for me to provide evidence, even though I have, and even though I remind you that I have. SO, when I remind you of the fact that I've posted evidences such as in posts #73, #79 and again in post #113, you still make this totally dishonest tactic of saying "Please show the evidence", when also you say that no matter how much evidence I do cite, you've already convinced yourself you're right. In fact, I've had to post these references to where I've given you evidence, because you continually make the false claim that you're still waiting for a definition. So much for the rational mind! We now must travel through this cycle every few days as you seem to forget where you're up to; whether you're attacking me for not posting evidence - and demanding that I do, or attacking my evidence, by stating that no amount of it will convince you, then you're back to demanding I cite evidence, as if I haven't. Goldfish have a memory retention, it is said, of only a few seconds. However, for me, argument is a set of connected statements with (hopefully) references to evidence. For you, a re-stating of your opinion, and calling for me to provide evidence that I've already done, and then offering no evidence yourself constitutes debate. With, occasionally the re-insertion of argument against something we're agreed on, and then a reversion to indignantly demanding I do something I've already done. Oh, you did say it was: Faith made stronger by reason. To which we all know means faith. You seem to mistake 'faith' as in I have a religious faith/belief/denomination to a particular belief, for 'faith' per se. My Orthodox faith is made stronger through reasoned faith. then you claim: Faith combined with reason Yes, my Orthodox faith is one that combines faith with reason, or reasoned faith, a concept that you've tried to pretend I've just made up (despite citing evidence from Christian tradition), to stating that it's a made up word, to a made up phrase, to a 'new' word or phrase.  To which I showed you quite easily that the logical combination of these two methods results in illogical nonsense. No, you mean you re-stated your belief, devoid of evidence, which for you is 'true'. NOW, you claim that I haven't shown evidence...of what? You were refuted in your claims, you need to come up with a new definition so we can continue the debate. Then I'll present more fundamental evidence why your statements just aren't rational. See how easy rational debate is? You and I have a different idea of evidence. For you, your opinion is evidence. And you've stated your opinion as if it's true, based on the belief what you say is true. A challenge that was laid down some weeks ago, and each and every post Mach shies away from this and simply re-states his opinion on it. He did attempt to bring in a philosophical term "The Law of the Excluded Middle" but he's now dropped that  .Who are you talking to? Do you assume that we are the only two on this forum?  Is this relevant to you being correct or incorrect? It is certainly relevant to you being incorrect. You tried to show that faith and reason, by being poles apart would have nothing in between. You used a concept that is not even widely accepted by scientists (re: my refutation from citing evidence about 'fuzzy' logic' etc). It was your best attempt at providing some evidence to your case, and it was evidence that did not support your case. Therefore your case still rests on your opinion.  I most certainly have not "dropped" anything. I posted it here, you ignored it That is quite frankly a terrible howler to make. It goes to show the level of honesty between us is vast. It's very easy for you to make such a comment that I've ignored what you said. It's just as easy for me to reference the posts (#91, and to a lesser extent the one before it, and again at #104) where I showed that your concept of "The Law of the Excluded Middle" was misapplied. It's extraordinarily odd that you would diminish your own credibility by making such a patently false claim as that. That's starting to become a catalogue of false claims you now make, added to your demands that I provide a definition of what I believe in; which I can only assume you do because you make a mistake between not agreeing with something stated, and not seeing something stated... which is probably likely to your own self-belief that what you believe in is true, anyway. ...what would you have me do...fly to Australia and force you at gunpoint to obey the laws of logic? No thanks, you being reasonable would only benefit you, not me. Odd for you to think of a tactic that an irrational person would use to convince others. If you had evidence, you'd post it. It was his second half-hearted attempt at research, and both times he showed a total misunderstanding of what it is he was trying to say; because the cites didn't support his statements.  Do you need to research 2+2=4? Maybe I should take off work to search for links to prove it? Well considering I was able to debate your two attempts at sourcing your ideas, it is very easy for you to give up on doing this. So much for the 'rational' debate. Mach continues his 'just-so' statements.  Which is...what you did yourself with that statement? Nice, so very nice. Not at all the same. I have spelt out my case by citing evidence, showing you where that evidence was stated (after your numerous claims that I haven't done this). We are operating on totally different sets of principles. What are you crying about now?  Ah, rhetorical and insulting, you're the master and nonsense and personal attacks, no doubt about it. Please bear in mind your numerous false claims.  What do you think reasoned faith is? Some posts you argue that its a word, others that it's a phrase, then you add in all sorts of un-supported claims; like it's 'new'. Where are you up to this time?  Oh no, it's up to you to define it, Here we go for your dishonest statement again. I've already defined it. I've already cited sites that define it. You just call on me to do it, when I've done it. since I've already shown the combination is bogus, No, you've stated that it is. and your "reasoned faith is faith [with other things added", which reduces to "faith", as bogus. But I'll entertain your new definition any time. So are you now admitting that I have defined it? There you go, caught in your own trap. When people are dishonest they begin to lose track of what it is they are claiming. You've changed your claims at various times, re: whether it's a word/phrase/new/my invention etc. Now you've been caught out again.  Reasoned faith is a combination of reason and faith. I have maintained a consistent claim. And it's been shown to still arrive at irrational claims through logical combination. So now you do admit I've defined it. That's a different thing from saying that you don't agree with it. You've made post after post of this bogus claim that I have not given you a definition. Unless you have a new definition that you can actually describe for us...so we can debate it too? I can't wait. Now we're back to seeing you claim that I haven't defined it. You ought to make up your mind. Somehow you, who change what it is you are arguing against daily, believe I am changing. That's very rich!  Is it?  Yes, it is. So far even within this post you've demeaned that I provide a definition, then admitted that I have, (even though you don't agree with it), and then gone back to demanding that I provide a definition, even though you've already attempted to refute my definition. This is, as I stated, further evidence that you switch day to day what it is you're arguing. You've added so much in this post. I feel like Montalban as I type this, just posting nonsense and replying incredulously, this is easier than being correct...I should try this again some time. You already do just make claims about what I've said, and they are just your claims. I look forward to you just repeating the concept is illogical.  If you don't like the basic logic that shows it is, then show me something else, please do try. Ah, arrogance. Here you assume again that your opinion is 'logical'. Now you give your opinion about your opinion :) And laughably, if I cite any additional evidence (remember you have NONE) you dispute that on the basis of .... that any amount of evidence could be shown for either case (?). I'll recall that when we debate on evolution. The laughs keep coming thanks to Mach.  Q. Does the volume of evidence matter if it all says the same thing? If it all says the same thing, can we argue about that one thing rather than 9595859 topics the way you seem to like to? Is this how you determine truth from false...by tallying the number of web sites someone references? LOL, that's errr..RICH!  So, let's look at your argument. Mach: I demand you show me evidence of what you believe. Montalban: evidence presented Mach: No amount of evidence matters, because I'm correct. Mach: I demand you show me the evidence Montalban: I've already done this Mach: I disagree. I demand you show me the evidence. Montalban: I've already done this, I posted evidences at Posts #40, #46, and #66 Mach: No amount of evidence matters, because I'm correct. Mach: I demand you show me the evidence. etc. Ah the irony of Mach claiming to champion an evidential style of debate; arguing against use of evidence.  You can post all the evidence you like, it just needs to refute something. If you post 40404 people that claim 2+3=4, do you suggest that we need 40405 posts saying the opposite to actually show it false? Your claims are impotent. So much for 'debate' (see above)  It is a combination of faith and reason  I just did your combinations of faith and reason, turned out illogical.  So you believe. OK, if you want to withdraw your statement that reasoned faith is actually a combination of faith and reason, please do so. Then you can claim reasoned faith is something entirely different than faith and reason in combination, please do so. You've already made this statement above, and I've already responded that I have consistently maintained that reasoned faith is a combination of faith and reason. Now you're repeating even a false belief that I've changed/am going to change my position. Until you show a reasoned argument to the contrary, I feel quite comfortable.
Anyone with a strong belief in god would not feel the need to back up his faith with "facts" or "proof".
Anyone with a strong belief in god would not feel the need to back up his faith with "facts" or "proof". Mach believes that 'faith' is weak, in that it can't add to knowledge. I'd be interested to see what he would say about your concept of a 'strong weakness.'  However, reasoned faith is not entirely about proof of God. It is a way of rationalising what God wants; what He wants for us, etc.  I can have faith in God, that He exists. (as well, I can have reasons for believing in God). But what does God want for us? I therefore can reason what God wants, based on what I know of God (through faith), thus there's a dialectic relationship between my faith and reason senses and this will, I believe, give me a greater faith (in the sense of faith being a type of religious belief)  This is what I touched upon right at the beginning when I gave lists of evidences for reasoned faith, and suggested that within Christianity, there's 2,000 years of reasoned faith; great theologians who used reason (and faith) to understand God better.
This whole thread is ridiculous. Faith: belief without evidence. Reason: belief with evidence. Reasoned faith: belief with and without evidence. The words "with" and "without" are opposites. Don't try to say they are the same. You can't believe something with and without evidence - that implies that the evidence is both existent and nonexistent at the same time. That defies the law of non-contradiction.  SO you, walking down the street at night, only use logic as you go. You never use any gut-feeling to help you in your decision making. You do this because you can't use both a rational and a non-rational system at the same time, because they are mutually exclusive.  So when someone approaches you who might make you feel uneasy, you continue onwards because logic dictates that all feeling is imcompatible with the current situation.  You are a being of pure reason, and as such should be treasured.
Then your rebuttal is based on an opinion based on how you consider men alone might act, because you would not factor into this the guidance of the Holy Spirit, which for you itself is probably an unproven entity based on the same said opinion. I see a circle forming.. I express scepticism towards the testimony supposedly given over 2000 years ago (in a credulous age) on the subject of miracles and your answer is that I've failed to factor in "the guidance of the Holy Spirit". For many good reasons I shall never believe that all known physical laws could be suspended in order for a "miracle" to take place: you counter this by an appeal to the authority of a Spirit that doesn't and can't exist. You must see how ridiculous this is. Not at all. I fail to see how it is ridiculous not to include the power of the Holy Spirit. Your "reasoned faith" is an oxymoron : it has been pointed out too many times already that religious faith is, by definition, unreasoned and unreasonable. Yes a number of people have now voiced their opinion. You do the same. Good for you. I have entered a world where-by if enough people express their opinion, that adds weight to the argument, even if it's not actually based on anything except your own a priori beliefs about belief.  Your idea of human thinking is separate from the truth. We are both rational, and feeling beings. We combine the two everyday in a process that is continually relying on both sources. In effect, you are saying we are full of oxymorons, everyone of us, for we draw upon both sides all the time... maybe you're from Vulcan.  I think what you do is mistake 'faith' for 'a religious faith built on faith and reason (or reasoned faith)'. I think actually that's the crux of the many objections. 'A religious faith' is not just 'faith' alone, although you probably feel that people just sat around one day and started believing in something, with no reason what-so-ever, somehow a 'faith' just happened. And that these people just accepted what they felt, with no reason what-so-ever.  I posted evidences at Posts #40, #46, and #66. See appendix, where I cite secular, Christian, Hindu and Moslem sources. Here's another faith's version "It is maintained that the first precept to a follower of Jainism is that he should possess and cultivate an intelligent and reasoned faith in that religion" http://www.jainworld.com/jainbooks/antiquity/ethcjain.htm Here's a Buddhist one.. "Accordingly, it is seen that while blind faith is totally rejected, reasoned faith is encouraged in the teachings of the Buddha. But faith is never considered as a means to salvation. However, it is said that faith could lead one to good destiny and it is accepted as a very helpful, initial factor that facilitates one&#8217;s spiritual journey till his ultimate freedom." http://web.ukonline.co.uk/buddhism/article1.htm  Here's some more... " As a church we see our purpose under God....To nurture the church to a mature and reasoned faith" http://www.trinity-manningtree.org.uk/4955.html?*session*id*key*=*session*id*val* In a book-review.. "... Prof. McInerny provides a reliable, and enjoyable, guide to reasoned faith and faithful reason.&#8221;&#8212;Rev. Richard John Neuhaus, editor-in-chief of First Things" http://ndpress.undpress.nd.edu/items/engine/0268022615  See also http://www.christian-apologetics.net/   APPENDIX...(note this is irrelevant to some who simply wish to re-state their opinion as fact). Post 40 "A reasoned faith. Faith and Reason go together." http://www.wnking.com/mchristheology.htm  "As Augustine wandered from one philosophy to another (Manichaeanism, skepticism, and Neo-Platonism), he became personally aware of the limitations of human reason. Reason and faith need to cooperate intimately in the soul&#8217;s quest for God. Belief is natural and necessary for intellectual activity which assents to many opinions solely on another&#8217;s testimony. "We believe the things which are not present to our senses, if the evidence offered for them seems sufficient,"14 and the authority "of who may be believed is being considered."15 Religious belief and understanding are complementary: "Understand my word in order to believe, but believe God&#8217;s word in order to understand."16 Belief enlightened by understanding becomes a reasoned faith. On account of his close correlation of faith and reason, Augustine often made philosophical reflections in the course of theological inquiry and scriptural exegesis. Within this framework of philosophy and religion, Augustine&#8217;s Christian faith was open to whatever insights Greek and Roman thinkers had to offer." http://www.crvp.org/book/Series01/I-9/chapter_i.htm  Also consult Reasoned Faith: Essays in Philosophical Theology in Honor of Norman Kretzmann. Edited by Eleanore Stump. Cornell University Press. "Reasoned Faith is a collection of fourteen essays offered in honor of Christian philosopher Norman Kretzmann that addresses Judeo- Christian themes in the tradition of analytic philosophy. The collection is divided into four sections, all addressing the rational assessment of religious faith: "The Role of Reason in Faith," "Reason and Revelation," "Reason and the Nature of the God Faith," and "Reason and Faith on the Relation Between God and Creatures." A large book of rigorous philosophizing is impossible to review exhaustively at other than book length, so instead of summarizing every essay I will focus on particular ones." http://www.firstthings.com/ftissues/ft9403/grooth.html  There's a big big world out there of great thinkers which you've arrogantly dismissed without even knowing them. Go to http://www3.baylor.edu:80/~Scott_Mo...i_Rel_info.html for a start to see many of the great thinkers you believe to be irrational or, if you haven't the time, try reading "From Blind Belief to Reasoned Faith" http://www.teosofia.com/Mumbai/7307faith.html  Post 46 The Internet Encyclopaedia of Philosophy states there are three choices you can have... "Religious faith is of two kinds: evidence-sensitive and evidence-insensitive. The former views faith as closely coordinated with demonstrable truths; the latter more strictly as an act of the will of the religious believer alone. The former includes evidence garnered from the testimony and works of other believers. It is, however, possible to hold a religious belief simply on the basis either of faith alone or of reason alone. Moreover, one can even lack faith in God or deny His existence, but still find solace in the practice of religion." http://www.utm.edu/research/iep/f/faith-re.htm Note you can have reason alone, or faith alone, but you can have faith and reason; reasoned faith. Your philosophy is stated as "The incompatibilist model." It is the axiom by which you draw all other statements of belief from, even the one about science being rational. Because you believe that there's a gulf between faith and reason, and this is a philosophical stance, not a truth. I have a different philosophical stance, to be sure. However your stance is so far backed up by, well... your stance... and one obscure web-site reference. You should also check out your own site again, before re-stating it; it lists as 'reason' sensory perception, in other words, feelings. "'Reason' refers to beliefs held on the basis of sensory and logical evidence." http://rous.redbarn.org/objectivism...z/answers2.html  Perhaps you might want to pick-up the book featured at this article "Author Helps Science-Minded Skeptics Discover Well-Reasoned Faith" http://news.christiansunite.com/Rel...gion01045.shtml  So, I've shown Christian and secular sites. Here's a Hindu one Reasoned Faith: Hindus declare that blind faith and dogma are the two most vicious sources of conflict in the world; only reasoned faith can ensure harmony in the world. "I know that I myself owe it to thinking that I was able to retain my faith in religion...," writes Dr. Albert Schweitzer.17 One's deepest convic-tions must be vindicated by reason. Reason says that it is irreligious to perform religious actions which cause pain and discomfort to others. It is alright if an organized religion inspires its followers in the existence of God and prescribes a discipline to reach Him. At the same time, it is also important to recognize that God is above all religious systems, even though theologians may set limits to Him. http://www.hindubooks.org/authors/b...dharma/ch12.htm Here's a Moslem one.. The Islamic tradition holds that the revelation granted to Muhammad had three principle elements: islam or submission to God, ihsan or moral and spiritual duties to the rest of humanity, and iman or faith. This word, faith, is a fairly poor rendering of iman ; one might better understand the word if it's translated as "reasoned faith" or "conviction."  http://www.wsu.edu:8080/~dee/GLOSSARY/IMAN.HTM  [b]Post 66[b] St.Augustine believed " Belief enlightened by understanding becomes a reasoned faith" http://www.crvp.org/book/Series01/I-9/chapter_i.htm  The Catholics state Christian faith is based on reasoned faith; this is in their Catechism 35 Man's faculties make him capable of coming to a knowledge of the existence of a personal God. But for man to be able to enter into real intimacy with him, God willed both to reveal himself to man and to give him the grace of being able to welcome this revelation in faith. The proofs of God's existence, however, can predispose one to faith and help one to see that faith is not opposed to reason. http://www.vatican.va/archive/catechism/p1s1c1.htm#II  Christians rely on reasoned faith... "Sometimes our answers seem somewhat lame, but in reality there is only so much one can say before one must acknowledge that, while there are certain things we simply cannot fully understand about this, reasoned faith, as defined in St James, becomes the only recourse" http://www.oca.org/pages/orth_chri/...ss-of-mary.html  And in the understanding of the Bible...Matthew Henry's classic Bible commentary of the Book of James states... "2. Faith is a grace that one expression supposes and another expressly requires: Knowing this, that the trial of your faith, v. 3; and then in v. 6, Let him ask in faith. There must be a sound believing of the great truths of Christianity, and a resolute cleaving to them, in times of trial. That faith which is spoken of here as tried by afflictions consists in a belief of the power, and word, and promise of God, and in fidelity and constancy to the Lord Jesus." http://www.gospelcom.net/eword/comm...s/mh/james1.htm  Further, in understanding the Christian faith, he adds... "I. Let us consider the address to sinners" http://www.gospelcom.net/eword/comm...s/mh/james5.htm That is, he calls us to think/reason about what is being said.... "1. He foretels the judgments of God that should come upon them, v. 1-3. they should have miseries come upon them, and such dreadful miseries that the very apprehension of them was enough to make them weep and howl-misery that should arise from the very things in which they placed their happiness, and misery that should be completed by these things witnessing against them at the last, to their utter destruction; and they are now called to reason upon and thoroughly to weigh the matter, and to think how they will stand before God in judgment: Go to now, you rich men." (Ibid)
Thanks for your huge number of references Monty - I can't imagine that you expect me to follow them all up. Is that your 'retort'? You sound like Mach - no amount of evidence proves anything. However, I don't expect you to follow all, or most up. I am suggesting that your statement about 'reasoned faith' being something crazy might just well be a statement based on your own a priori notions of what is rational etc. There's a big world out there; 2,000 years of Christian theologians alone (if that's a good way of describing so many over so much time) who believe in, and have given reasons for believing in reasoned faith. Religion is a kind of emotional hobby that brings comfort, hope, and pleasure to those who choose to follow one of the many available. No harm would come from this if it remained a private activity and if believers didn't seek to disguise their faith as a "reasoned" choice. Yes, and atheism is caused by genes... so much for you and rational debate.  Reason simply does not figure in the equation:  Yes, you've stated your opinion... Religion is devoid of reason, therefore faith and reason don't mix. Your 'theory' is proven by your theory, or in other words; circular reasoning. why can't believers be content to say I shall not abandon my faith merely on the grounds that there is no reason whatever to believe in it ? You mean like you making a statement of faith on faith? And, then you and Mach repeating this "It can't be true" mantra over and over again.  I have endeavoured to show what 'reasoned faith' is. I have endeavoured to 'prove' this by ample references to sources; secular, religious, and more specifically Christian.  Your retort, and that of Mach's is "It can't be true, therefore it can't be true, because it's not true." And the evidence for your belief is the statement that "It can't be true." In other words you offer the very type of debate you would believe a religious person would make.
i thought i had gone over this already  i showed plenty examples of combining faith and reason in making decisions or believing statements.  if your mother tells you that clouds are big clumps of water vapor and dust high up in the sky, as a child you believe her without evidence. that is faith. as you learn more, you find evidence that confirms this belief. eventually, you have enough evidence that you dont rely on faith anymore (as when you were younger) to believe that stars are big clumps of water vapor and cloud high up in the sky  like i said before, the belief itself doesnt care if its based on reason or faith or a little of both. the belief in the statement "clouds are big clumps of water vapor and dust high up in the sky" can be based on faith or reason, but the statement itself doesnt change. either you belief it or you dont. you can believe it based on faith, you can believe it based on evidence, or you can be partially convinced by evidence yet still believe it because thats what your mom sid. that is what reasoned faith is
You're talking about a decision Unker, not a belief.  Take a coin toss. Which do you choose, heads or tails? Your choice DOES NOT impact your belief as to which side will land face up.  If asked to choose a side, you choose a side. This has no impact on belief.  If however you claimed you knew to be true, that the coin, after this toss, will be heads, you'd be relying on faith. Using reason, you can choose heads, or tails, but your belief REMAINS THE SAME, that there is a 50% chance for heads and 50% chance for tails, every toss.  Making a choice has absolutely no impact on your belief, we cannot combine decisions with belief and be consistent. ============================= making choices have a lot to do with belief. dont compare choosing a coin side to hiring an administrative assistant. both are very different. in hiring someone you have to consider the evidence you gather and act based on what you believe is true at the time  2nd issue:  Under the guise of being young and ignorant, taking your mother's word as evidence is entirely reasonable, especially when you don't have the faculties to think critically. This need not be faith, I consider your teacher's instruction to be evidence. If you later come upon more knowledge/evidence to the contrary, you weigh, not reason vs faith, you weigh your mother's testimony (and all of your knowledge about the reliability of your mother's testimony), vs. your new knowledge/evidence, and it's reliability. That's a reasoned belief. there is no guise in being ignorant when one is young. and taking someone's word for truth in the absense of evidence is EXACTLY what faith is. if you can argue that it is reasonable to believe your mother's statement is true just because she said it, then how can you argue that it is unreasonable to take the statements in the bible as true just because the bible said it? by arguing that beklieving what your mother said - based on her reliability, etc - is "reasoned faith", you supporting exactly what youve been arguing against this entire thread  If you knew basically nothing about the sky, and your mother said "coulds are water vapor", and you decided instead to believe to be true that the clouds were just big cotton balls, then you'd be relying on faith.  ============== how in the world could you come to that conclusion? if a child believes that clouds are big cotton balls, based on his familiarity with cotton balls (shape, color, texture), why wouldnt that be a "reasoned belief"? and if he never even knew water vapor existed, but his mother told him that clouds are made out of water vapor thats in the air but invisible, yet he can see clouds, why would it be more reasonable to believe his mother?  reason simply has to do with making a rational belief based on evidence around you. it is surely more reasonable to liken clouds to cotton than invisible water vapor thats in the air around you. yet the belief that clouds are made of cotton would be false, not because its faith based, but because its simply inaccurate. however, believing what your mother tells you about the nature of clouds, simply because she tells you, even if it seems to go against the evidence you have, is totally based in faith  like i said, reason and faith can only be a basis for a belief, not the belief itself. you can believe a true statement without evidence to back it up, or you can believe a false statement that is supported by reason. the statement itself is not determined by the basis of believing it  Faith can be used in combination with reason, but the combination still results in irrational absurdities, and is therefore still not a reliable way to seperate true from false, which in the end, is the point that is being made. Reason entirely fills the need for gaining knowledge, there is no room for faith.  -Mach of course faith is not a reliable way to separate the truth from what is false. with faith comes the inherent risk that you may be wrong. with solid evidence to back up a belief, you dont have that problem. my point is that many times (probably most times) you dont have the conclusive evidence that can 100% back up your belief, so you must use your own judgements and subjective views to help support the belief. it is not a totally reliable way to separate the truth from what is false, but we necessarily employ it in our everyday lives anyway
I think I made this point before.  Reason usually says something is x% likely to be true, where x is between 0 and 100. Hence, rational people are said to think in shades of grey.  Faith says that something is either 0% likely or 100% likely. Hence, faith-oriented people are said to think in black and white.  To combine reason and faith would be to start thinking like this: If something is shown by reason to be 51% certain, you jump to the conclusion that it is 100% certain. That is not rational, so it leaves reason out of the question.  If you want to know about reasoned faith, then ask the pothead who invented the winner-take-all voting system. i agree basically with what you say, except that a combination of reason and faith throws reason out the window. this is not true, even though it is irrational to believe something 100%, it doesnt mean that part of the basis of this belief still lies in reason. it would be irrational for somebody to soak thier home in water everytime they hear a siren in the neighboorhood, but it it doesnt mean that their belief has no basis in reason
Alan Ryan and others,  I think you'll find that Montalban will even ignore the answers to his own questions if they are not to his liking.  Waxy Waxy, your interejections are so funny. You post something so generalised, then scurry off!  Why not pick a thread and argue that, if time is a problem?  Note too you ignore the evidence that I posted. You prefer just-so statement. Obviously then, this post would appeal to you! emoticon_xlove
Faith can be used in combination with reason, but the combination still results in irrational absurdities, and is therefore still not a reliable way to seperate true from false, which in the end, is the point that is being made. Reason entirely fills the need for gaining knowledge, there is no room for faith.  -Mach  I was hoping that someone picked up on this one! Mach's just spent weeks arguing against this!
Many people (including myself) are willing to argue that Karl Marx's economic, social, and political "theories" were based on pseudo-science. But what about his claim that "Religion is the opium of the people" ? Isn't this a quite tenable proposition ? The hope and expectation of eternal happiness in an after-life where those who have suffered in this earthly life will be rewarded, is a very attractive idea for millions of people. But don't these hopes of a "heaven to come" act as a kind of drug (opium) that encourages passivity and pointless sacrifice in this life - which we should be trying to live to the full, because it's the only one we've got ? That's interesting, Alan. And a very good point. I started a thread awhile back about "quality of life". I have been doing (a fair amount - when I get time) of study on religion and its affect on people. So far it seems as long as the religion is strong and its members are faithful, the religionists, themselves, feel empowered - with or without supernatural influence.  I'm eager to see where this thread goes.
Probably nowhere, Big O. I'd like to ask the O.P. if are we talking about Marxism or religion?
If you believe that dead friends, loved ones, etc are in heaven awaiting, and that you must "behave" yourself in order to join them one day - isn't this a subtle attempt to limit your freedom of action ? I don&#8217;t see it that way. It takes much prayer and study and then more prayer and study to step from one belief into another. If a person just accepts that a certain belief (or religion) is truth, then they have blindly accepted it and, in doing so, blindly accept all that goes with it. I have tried to express my belief in a way that it would not seem foolish, but over the years learned that it is that belief and not me or my testimony that is rejected. I have witnessed and have lived things/circumstances that will never be accepted as coming from God. And those things were done especially for me, direct from God &#8211; and I know it&#8230;and that&#8217;s all that counts. However, I do realize that religion can and does manipulate people. It always will.  As unkerpaulie stated: (I will not use religion, but I know what he meant) Knowing the truth is freedom. It allows a person to face difficulties more boldly; it forces on a person the need to attain understanding about himself and his fellowman, but more importantly about God; and it provides for that person an abundant life. In that respect it is opposite of religion.  Any attempt, whether subtle or otherwise, that limits freedom of any sort does not come from God. Also, any action (including the practice of any religion), whether socially acceptable or not or whether it is lawful or not, or whether or not it is ethical or moral, that is contrary to God&#8217;s Word imprisons a person.  So where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. See the difference?
I don't see it that way. It takes much prayer and study and then more prayer and study to step from one belief into another. If a person just accepts that a certain belief (or religion) is truth, then they have blindly accepted it and, in doing so, blindly accept all that goes with it. I have tried to express my belief in a way that it would not seem foolish, but over the years learned that it is that belief and not me or my testimony that is rejected. I have witnessed and have lived things/circumstances that will never be accepted as coming from God. And those things were done especially for me, direct from God - and I know it...and that's all that counts. However, I do realize that religion can and does manipulate people. It always will.  As unkerpaulie stated: (I will not use religion, but I know what he meant) Knowing the truth is freedom. It allows a person to face difficulties more boldly; it forces on a person the need to attain understanding about himself and his fellowman, but more importantly about God; and it provides for that person an abundant life. In that respect it is opposite of religion.  Any attempt, whether subtle or otherwise, that limits freedom of any sort does not come from God. Also, any action (including the practice of any religion), whether socially acceptable or not or whether it is lawful or not, or whether or not it is ethical or moral, that is contrary to God's Word imprisons a person.  So where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. See the difference?  I am not a born again christian (as I assume Big Orn is), but I totally get and agree with what he is saying. Just because some parts of some religions can be controlling and highly restrictive does not make all religions and anything associated with them a bad thing. Many things can end up controlling a person (food, video games, TV, sex, etc.), but we can realize with these things (for the most part) that just because some people can let these things control them, doesn't make these things automatically bad. Why is it so hard for some of you to do the same thing with religion?
Religion is definitely the opium of the people. The promise of an afterlife causes people to be apathetic about this live (hence conservatism.)  I disagree highly with yoiur presumption that a person's association with religion automatically makes them conservative. This is just not true. There are many, many people who would consider themselves to be devoted religious folks, but are also quite liberal. And these people come from all sorts of religions--most reform Jews, many Catholics, many Protestants, Muslims, Buddhists, etc. Please do not take one very vocal minority (the Christian right) and assume they are representative of all religious people and all religions. I resent that act very much. In addition a person can be conservative without being at all religious. Please leave your presumptions at the door.
I wouldn't want to misinterpret you, but judging only from what you say here, it seems unlikely that you would ever abandon your instinctive beliefs for a rationalist philosophy. Never say &#8220;never&#8221;. If some philosophy ever came along that had the internal and external mechanisms, both physical and spiritual, that could cause such a power as this to manifest in me &#8211; I would surely have to take a look at it. Once a system of belief is challenged, then doubted, another system of belief can freely takes it place&#8230;. or that person can choose to live without one. What is deadly &#8211; and causes so much hatred &#8211; is a person or society that simply refuses to allow any freedom of thinking to compete with its, his or her own. I think that is a certain sign of fear, which is ignored by religionists. I agree, people who say they are acting in the name of God are responsible for the damage to freedom and for the manipulations to which you refer. The irony is that these people (the clergy in particular of course) will argue that IF they do "harm", then it's for society's "own good". I am glad you see it that way. If we could spread that knowledge maybe we could educate those who still have Christ nailed to the cross.
I am glad you see it that way. If we could spread that knowledge maybe we could educate those who still have Christ nailed to the cross. I'm not Catholic, but could you please avoid attempted shots at them please?
At the risk of offending - I think stormboy in particular, and a few other "born agains" on this site as well, are perfect examples of Marx's assertion.   They've simply traded one addiction for another that is equally as powerful.   Waxy Its cool waxy you have not offended me champ!, actually you have done the oppisite. I am happy and proud to be dependent on my new addiction. However you did get one thing wrong. My addiction to alcohol and drugs is no where near as powerful as my addiction for my GOD!!! "for when i am weak, that is when i am strong". Praise the name of my LORD!!!, I love him so much, he is my life!!!
You're addicted to alcohol and drugs? Lets correct that one. "my passed addiction to drugs and alcohol". Thanx for clearing that one up for me DZERON. STORMY :)
only deomstrates the point of changing one addiction for another. Some people are so addicted to god they are threaten with losing their wife and family and job. I have read about a guy who was going to be fired from his job for preaching to his fellow workers in the lunch room. Addictions are bad, no matter what you are addicted to, sex, drugs, religion, shopping, gambling, food. Youcan have faith and god, but when it starts to consume your life it is now a problem. God should enhance your life, but for some the faith goes further and becomes addiction. So what you are saying is that my Job, my wife and family should come before my GOD?. It is only when you can lay these things down before God that you give the room for more of God in your life!, and more of God means more life and freedom, and the more of this, means we can enjoy and appreciate that which God chooses to bring in to our lives so much more!.  Keep in mind, laying something down before God does not mean to throw it away. It just means you are allowing God to have presadence over these things, which in turn will cause us to enjoy and appreciate our families and so on so much more. And im talking from experience!!!.  "Those who seek to find their lives will lose it, but those who seek to lose their life for my sake, will find it." The christian walk is all about faith!!
Yeah. Like the man who tried to convert lions to Christianity. That lad was off his guts!!!!!. He is no more addicted to religion then he is to the mental institution in which he escaped from!
I would bet dollars to donuts that you have misconstrued Big Orn's comment.  And I would take that bet. Why don't we ask the Big man himself. OK Big Orn, where you talking about Catholics, or some other group?
It is not a healthy thing. Nor is it what any church teaches.  No church teaches anything that is healthy? That is a pretty strong claim Joe. This is the problem with many of the arguments being made here. Many of you guys are claiming that you only have a problem with those that are "addicted" to religion, but with comments like this, you make it very obvious that you have a problem with religion period, or, as it seems with one individual, any religion other than your own.
Here are some resources on the disorder   http://www.crescentlife.com/spirituality/religious_addiction.htm  http://www.lexpages.com/SGN/paschal/religious_addiction.html  http://www.spiritualabuse.com/dox/gobad2.htm Joe!, that spiritual abuse site was an absalute ripper!!!!!. It is rite on the mark and has help me understand what you are saying, and i totally agree!. This is a perfect example of what happens when we take our eyes of God and his Grace. We can easily be carried away with our addictions of going through the rituals. And when this happens, church services become lifeless and boreing. However i do have an addiction on wanting to draw closer to my God, and i believe this is the type of addiction that is healthy, because it is only when we do draw nearer to him that we find peace for our souls, and he edifies our ability to get more out of life!
The scenario may not apply to you, although you seem to have taken it personlly. If it comes down to not preaching god in the lunch room so you can hold a job and pay the rent. I think you might want to shut up and pay the rent. Religion and faith can be very good for some, but like all addictions, people can go overboard. Become over zealous. I am sure you may have seen it with other things. No one is telling anyone to put your job before other things, but you need to meet immediate needs first. Home, health, family, etc....  When someone is addicted to something, reason goes out the window. You may know this from drugs and alcohol. Some people do similar things with god. It is not a healthy thing. Nor is it what any church teaches. Some common sense must be maintained. Faith is takeing your needs to God and allowing him to look after them. This is were the freedom comes in. If the creator of the universe has all my needs taken care off, why would i need to worry.   So if i feel God leading me to preach in that lunch room, i will do it, knowing my needs are already taken care off.  Again i know from experience.
 I am glad you see it that way. If we could spread that knowledge maybe we could educate those who still have Christ nailed to the cross.     I'm not Catholic, but could you please avoid attempted shots at them please?   I can't figure out what his quote has to do with Catholicism. Someone needs to do some 'splainin'.
This post both scares me and angers me.  "Why should I worry? God will take care of it."  Guess who God is? Everyone else around you that rather than waiting for "God" to take care of it, steps up and takes personal responsibility, that's who. God is not going to take care of it, everyone around you that lives in the real world is who's going to take care of it.  This is my single biggest peeve when it comes to religion. The dismissing of personal responsibility to the whims of God. You do need to worry and you do need to take responsibility, I don't like being "god" to a bunch of slackers.  Waxy Im sorry that you misunderstood what it is i was trieing to say. I am definitly not saying that one should run away from their responsabilities. Have you ever heard the verse "it is when i am weak that i am strong". What i am trieing to say is that any one can conqour any of their responsabilities in Gods strength. Its only when we can learn to let go and let God, that we can trully know Gods strength in the everyday things that we take on each day. And if i have the ability to rest in the creators strength, wouldent that prove to be a wise move, i mean if he can create the universe, would it be possible that i could be more efficient in his strength?.  I just thank God that you are not God!.....
And I would take that bet. Why don't we ask the Big man himself. OK Big Orn, where you talking about Catholics, or some other group? All those who would rather Christ be crucified each day&#8230;for everything He has already died for&#8230;and rose so that we could overcome them. No, not referring to only one denomination. They/we all do it&#8230;sometimes.
You should reread my statements, you seem to have misinterpreted them. That is not what I wrote. What I said is no church teaches that addictions to anything are healthy. Including addictions to religion.  I did reread them, and I still think the same thing. Yes, I am aware that you were at one point talking specifically about addiction. Right here in fact: "When someone is addicted to something, reason goes out the window. You may know this from drugs and alcohol. Some people do similar things with god. It is not a healthy thing." Right there you said this. You were talking specifically about addiction and I understand that, but then you said this: "Nor is it what any church teaches." The "nor" says that you are now talking about something different than you were in the statement before it, something other than just addiction. The new subject is 'any church's teachings' and 'it' is 'healthy.' So you get 'any church's teachings are not healthy.'
All those who would rather Christ be crucified each day...for everything He has already died for...and rose so that we could overcome them. No, not referring to only one denomination. They/we all do it...sometimes.  OK, I understand now. But you probably understand why I might of thought this Big Orn. Catholics (and Orthodox) are the only ones who still really have the crucifix as a symbol, as opposed to just the cross as Protestants do. So you can understand my thoughts when you said" "If we could spread that knowledge maybe we could educate those who still have Christ nailed to the cross."
OK, I understand now. But you probably understand why I might of thought this Big Orn. Catholics (and Orthodox) are the only ones who still really have the crucifix as a symbol, as opposed to just the cross as Protestants do. So you can understand my thoughts when you said" "If we could spread that knowledge maybe we could educate those who still have Christ nailed to the cross." Yes, I understand.  I have no problem with symbols of any kind. Even the little devil masks that children wear at Halloween. It's those constant flogging-tool noises of religionists as they hammer away at things that have long since been paid for.
That's interesting, Alan. And a very good point. I started a thread awhile back about "quality of life". I have been doing (a fair amount - when I get time) of study on religion and its affect on people. So far it seems as long as the religion is strong and its members are faithful, the religionists, themselves, feel empowered - with or without supernatural influence. I'm eager to see where this thread goes.  Quote:  The Atheist's Crutch  By Ravi Zacharias  The debate over God's existence is not new. Attempts to understand ultimate reality date back to ancient Greece. Twenty-five centuries later, the debate continues.  Thomas Nagel, an atheist philosopher, and Jay Budziszewski, a Christian philosopher, recently added a new chapter in the debate. Nagel, in his book The Last Word, offered a revealing insight into his personal motivations for his atheistic beliefs.  "I want atheism to be true and am made uneasy by the fact that some of the most intelligent and well-informed people I know are religious believers. It isn't just that I don't believe in God and, naturally hope that I'm right in my belief. It's that I hope that there is no God! I don't want there to be a God; I don't want the universe to be like that." (Footnote 1: Thomas Nagel, The Last Word as quoted by J. Budziszewski in First Things, June/July 2002, No. 124, pg. 28.)   Budziszewski responded to Nagel's comments in the journal First Things. There he said that if Nagel's motivations are true of most atheists then, "those who say that theism is a crutch have got it backwards&#8230;it is atheism that serves as a crutch."   < (Footnote 2: J. Budziszewski, First Things, June/July 2002, No. 124, pg. 28.)  First Things.com  But how could atheism be a crutch?  The answer is, that if taken seriously, the idea of an all-knowing and all-seeing God taking account of our lives is terrifying!  I believe that many atheists keenly sense this. They understand that if God exists, facile belief in Him is not enough. If God exists, they know that they must submit themselves to God, and not just partially, but entirely.  RZIM.org
Those religious individuals, namely Christians who follow a Christ who identified with the poor and oppressed. The Jesus Christ of Empire, which is neither supported by Scripture or history, is one of the idols that has been created in service of those who would attempt to drug the masses. To have an encounter with the spirit of Christ, is to wake from a long slumber.  Minus this encounter, I too would be an atheist and subsequently a nihilist. I respect all people who have a sincere desire for truth. But, then what is truth? For the Christian truth begins and ends with God as manifested in the person of Jesus Christ. So, what does that mean? Good question.
Richbee, As intereesting as I thought those ideas were, and I believe there are people who do think like that. Some atheists just don't believe. It stops there. I just don't believe. I actually am shocked that some of the most intelligent people believe in the bible. It blows me away. I am more shocked when they are fundamentalists. Word for word believers. I just don't get that. It is no crutch. I was raised studing the bible, 12 years of Catholic school and catachism.(spelling?). Now I look at it an sort of chuckle to myself. I think it is all made up. Jesus existed but he was not god.  Sorry to hear about your skeptism, or is it cynicism?  Actually, Jesus din't give us the option of thinking he was just a good man, or good teacher. Either he was who he said he was, or he was a lunatic.  Stop quoting Hitler too! You should look into the Religion of Hitler - Click HERE
What I said is no church teaches that addictions to anything are healthy. Including addictions to religion.  That is correct, and an element of religious addiction is a lack of real LOVE.  There is no love in Addiction.  The first thing to go is Love and then Truth
I think it more nonsense. I "want" there to be a God and an afterlife. I "want" a loving Father who desires my obedience and rewards my goodness. I "want" to be forgiven my transgressions. I "want" there to be an Easter Bunny and Santa Claus as well. But................  Once again, atheists aren't born but made. Made by reason. The concept of God is not a spontaneously arising notion. It's planted. To think it "natural" to believe in a Creator is ridiculous. Hence the many versions of "reality" around the world and throughout history.   I know many very intelligent believers. Troublesome to be sure but proof of nothing.  You want to deny the creator.  You want to avoid Judgment and getting called out when you Sin.  Maybe you wish the word "sin" was eliminated?  You want to avoid the topic of eternity?  Birth, Life, Death, Eternal Life, Heaven and Hell?  Why ask why? All these topics have to do with Religion, and indeed, Atheists are very RELIGIOUS!
You want to deny the creator.  You want to avoid Judgment and getting called out when you Sin.  Maybe you wish the word "sin" was eliminated?  You want to avoid the topic of eternity?  Birth, Life, Death, Eternal Life, Heaven and Hell?  Why ask why? All these topics have to do with Religion, and indeed, Atheists are very RELIGIOUS! Rich, I can't find a thing deceitful or misleading in Sinjin's post.  Look at it again.
Do most of you think that religion is an opiate or an oppression of the people? Or both?  "The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man." - G.K. Chesterton Introduction to the Book of Job, 1907
Both, I say. Religions have constantly proclaimed that the libertarian left is associated with evil spirits, heresy, sin, etc. Conversely, they proclaim the authoritarian right to be "the good servants of God." Turns out, these right-authoritarians, while being the servants of God, are the masters of everyone else. And the people won't do anything about it, because they believe that everything will be good in the afterlife as long as they listen to the authoritarian right. Look at the last election - poor Southerners voted for Bush for religious reasons.  There you go again, oversimplifying religious and non-religious people into left and right terms. Do I have to say it again? Yes, you are absolutely right that there are right wing fundamentalists out there who do this kind of thing, but you are equating them with everyone else that is associated with a religion, and you are absolutely wrong in this regard.
There you go again putting words into my mouth! I never  said that all religious people were right wing - I said that religion has been used as a tool for the right wing. Learn to read.  I know you didn't outright say this, but let's stop pretending that this isn't what you were implying OK?
Both, I say. Religions have constantly proclaimed that the libertarian left is associated with evil spirits, heresy, sin, etc. Conversely, they proclaim the authoritarian right to be "the good servants of God." Turns out, these right-authoritarians, while being the servants of God, are the masters of everyone else. And the people won't do anything about it, because they believe that everything will be good in the afterlife as long as they listen to the authoritarian right. Look at the last election - poor Southerners voted for Bush for religious reasons. Religions have "constantly proclaimed that the libertarian left is associated with evil spirits, heresy, sin, etc." Has it been the religious right that has associated the left with this or has the left made some questionable issues their foundational platform? I have not seen a condemnation of libertarians in any religious creed of which I know--nor have I seen an endorsement of the right.  If these religious go out and vote is that not taking action instead of sitting back, relaxing, and expecting all to work out in the afterlife? Is their voicing political opinion an apathy awaiting judgement and paradise?  Why is a Southerner "poor" due to voting based on religious reasons?  Are the millions of others who voted for Bush outside of the South "poor" or would you choose another adjective to describe them?  What do you think of many people citing "moral" reasons as their basis for the Bush vote?
I pictue god as sort od a kid with an ant farm. Fun to watch the ants, oops i forgot to feed them, oh well. Oh look, one died, oh well I will just create more.  Interesting, then God loved the ants so much, he sent his one and only Son, as an ant, to appear and be an ant, and live with the other ants and show THE WAY! And, teach the WAY. And, die for those poor little ants. GOD-incarn-ANT.  Seriously, God humbled himself, and became a Man for us, to show us the WAY, and finding Jesus in the Bible, is a good start!  BTW, I started a discussion of Mahatma Gandhi, and his claim, that "ALL RELIGIONS ARE EQUAL", over at: TheologyWeb.com  In some ways, at least about the Bible, Ganhi would share your POV's.
Religions have "constantly proclaimed that the libertarian left is associated with evil spirits, heresy, sin, etc." Has it been the religious right that has associated the left with this or has the left made some questionable issues their foundational platform? I have not seen a condemnation of libertarians in any religious creed of which I know--nor have I seen an endorsement of the right.  If these religious go out and vote is that not taking action instead of sitting back, relaxing, and expecting all to work out in the afterlife? Is their voicing political opinion an apathy awaiting judgement and paradise?  Why is a Southerner "poor" due to voting based on religious reasons?  Are the millions of others who voted for Bush outside of the South "poor" or would you choose another adjective to describe them?  What do you think of many people citing "moral" reasons as their basis for the Bush vote?  Maximus, you raise some excellent questions. I was not familiar with the demonization of Libertarians. However, the attacks on what we know as Democratic Party liberalism has been vicious and unrelenting. In many Republicans eyes, liberal = un-American. Personally, I could care less whether somone perceives me as being a patriot or not, but let's address those who do not vote according to their economic interest, and more so in alignment with their perceived values.  Many Bible belt Christians feel really strongly about the Abortion issue, and as a Christian I respect that. The problem is the overwhelming majority of Americans believe the practice should remain legal, regardless of how they feel about it. By Bush simply saying that abortion is wrong, without having to have any plan to change the law is enough for many Christians. It's the equivalent to throwing a penny in a wishing well. It makes you feel good, but it produces nothing.  Attitudes towards gay marriage are driven as much by homophobia as they are religious convictions. On one hand I see no biblical support for Christian gay marriage, however from a Constitutional standpoint, where all are entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, it will become increasingly difficult to ban same-sex marriage in a nation, which has no official, that is legally sanctioned religion.  Now, let us think about how much of voting behavior is driven by fear, which the administration has not been bashful about exploiting. A Zogby poll showed that Iraq was the biggest moral issue, but I am afraid that the country's moral compass leads us to believe that we have the God-given right to attack any country that we believe is a potential threat to us and bomb any country that has a critical mass of "terrorists." A very dangerous morality this is.  NeoNegro
The libertarians have made liberty a foundation of their platform. They have been condemned as "heretics" "sinners" etc. by religion, especially Christianity and Islam. Religions do not endorse the authoritarian right as far as I know - the authoritarian right, rather, endorses religion.  As far as I know, the only other group besides the religious poor who overwhelmingly supported Bush is the rich, and possibly other groups who were afraid of wasting their vote.  And people who vote for an authoritarian based on "moral" reasons are the biggest hypocrites on Earth. Dzeron, I need to know a few specifics about your views to continue.  I don't know a lot about the libertarians. I guess their definition of liberty might be a point of interest for me. Do you know of any specific issues that have garnered the condemnation of the religious?  Why do you see the right as authoritarian?  Back to the poor southerners...Were they poor due to their religious convictions or due to their material worth? You seem to be using two different definitions.
Neo, Many Bible belt Christians feel really strongly about the Abortion issue, and as a Christian I respect that. The problem is the overwhelming majority of Americans believe the practice should remain legal, regardless of how they feel about it. By Bush simply saying that abortion is wrong, without having to have any plan to change the law is enough for many Christians. It's the equivalent to throwing a penny in a wishing well. It makes you feel good, but it produces nothing. And how far would we get on the abortion issue with the other administration in the office of President? (and abortion is the preeminent human rights/moral issue of our time) What of a plan? He may or may not have one. It may be a very simple one--appoint justices that will interpret the contstitution correctly--not as the 9 supreme court justices that sat for Roe V. Wade did.  Attitudes towards gay marriage are driven as much by homophobia as they are religious convictions. On one hand I see no biblical support for Christian gay marriage, however from a Constitutional standpoint, where all are entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, it will become increasingly difficult to ban same-sex marriage in a nation, which has no official, that is legally sanctioned religion. Yes, we have a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. But where is the line drawn on liberty? Has the law, whether religious or not, frequently legislated moral issues? Does the law recognize natural law and thus put same-sex marriage/civil unions at odds with it?  Now, let us think about how much of voting behavior is driven by fear, which the administration has not been bashful about exploiting. A Zogby poll showed that Iraq was the biggest moral issue, but I am afraid that the country's moral compass leads us to believe that we have the God-given right to attack any country that we believe is a potential threat to us and bomb any country that has a critical mass of "terrorists." A very dangerous morality this is. You do not think that the current administration was the only one dealing in fear do you? Did you not hear the Democrats opine about raids on social security, lack of flu vaccine attributed to the president, the idea that foreign governments had personally endorsed Kerry, etc. This is a tool used by both sides that only muddies the water.  Should we not have the right to attack a country that is a potential threat to us? (assuming that we have sound intelligence) This is something that must be a last resort for sure but I do believe we have the right.  Is there a problem with bombing a country to kill terrorists? How do you suggest we deal with them?
He [God] also doesn't care. He can just make more.  The point he in summary, is that you don't care!  You sound sick, are you HIV+ Been reading Nietzsche books?  Lost all hope? Fallen into the abyss of your unreason and can't get out?   According to Albert Camus, death is philosophy's only problem.   But a giant one it is, I might add! How quickly one's philosophy may be swept away with one word:Death.  How does one make sense of life when it's haunted by this specter?   Many anti-theists think that the idea of God is what has prompted this fear. Let us check their claim!  Agnostic philosopher Bertrand Russell admitted that his life was built on unyielding despair. Perhaps that is why he issued a statement with Albert Einstein&#8212;just two days before Einstein's death&#8212;confessing that "those of us who know the most are the gloomiest about the future."   With the belief that there is nothing beyond our world, "gloominess" is a reasonable response. Though denying God may leave us free to abolish the past and decree the future, nonetheless, what hope do we find in human decrees? The removal of God does not alleviate the fear of the future does it?   Archibald McLeish reiterates this: There is, in truth, a terror in the world, and the arts have heard it as they always do. Under the hum of the miraculous machines and the ceaseless publications of the brilliant physicists a silence waits and listens and is heard. It is the silence of apprehension. We do not trust our time, and the reason we do not trust our time is because it is we who have made the time, and we do not trust ourselves. We have played the hero's part, mastered the monsters, accomplished the labors, become gods&#8212;and we do not trust ourselves as gods. We know what we are. In the old days when the gods were someone else, the knowledge of what we are did not frighten us. But now that we are gods ourselves we bear the knowledge for ourselves. Like that old Greek hero who learned when all the labors had been accomplished that it was he himself who had killed his son. (McLeish, "When We Are Gods," Saturday Review, 14 October 1967.)  Fear of death does not prove or disprove theism. But it is also true that the removal of God from reality does not remove our fear of death. This is a question we cannot kill. For one's philosophy of life to be complete, the question of our destiny must be answered or the inevitable intrusion of death will haunt our ability to secure meaning.   By contrast, understanding death is what makes the Gospel of Jesus Christ so resplendent with hope."  Ravi Zacharias - Click Here
Libertarians are social liberals and economic conservatives. They want decreased regulations on society (legalize drugs, gay marriage, etc.) and they want a laissez-faire capitalist economic system. That is the right wing of the libertarian camp. The left wing are the "libertarian socialists" but their ideas don't make sense IMO.  I said "authoritarian right." There is a "libertarian right" - the Libertarian Party - as well as an "authoritarian right" - the Republican Party (who want to continue the war on drugs, ban gay marriage, censorship, etc.) In addition, there is also an authoritarian left - like the Soviet-style communists. "Right" is a term for an economic system (capitalism,) while "authoritarian" is a term for a social system. IMO the Republicans are corporatist, not capitalist, which puts them even further to the right than a Libertarian.  I don't recall ever using the former definition. They were poor (meaning not having a lot of property) yet they voted for the corporatist Republicans because they would rather have a theocracy than see two dudes kissing. Dzeron, Thanks for clarifying. I understand your points more clearly now. Are you a libertarian and do you support the legalization of drugs?  Regarding the poor southerners, I guess some things are more important than money to them.
It takes a complete JERK, to ask another person if they are HIV positive. For your info NO I am not HIV positive. Nor do I have any terminal illness. I am just an athiest who doesn't belive in this whole god thing. I do like to think about the philosophy of it all, that doesn't mean I am dying it means I am curious.  My bad, but seriously I post on another forum, and I swing by over here, and man O'man, I can feel the dark moods.
Quote:  The Atheist's Crutch  By Ravi Zacharias  The debate over God's existence is not new. Attempts to understand ultimate reality date back to ancient Greece. Twenty-five centuries later, the debate continues.  Thomas Nagel, an atheist philosopher, and Jay Budziszewski, a Christian philosopher, recently added a new chapter in the debate. Nagel, in his book The Last Word, offered a revealing insight into his personal motivations for his atheistic beliefs.  "I want atheism to be true and am made uneasy by the fact that some of the most intelligent and well-informed people I know are religious believers. It isn't just that I don't believe in God and, naturally hope that I'm right in my belief. It's that I hope that there is no God! I don't want there to be a God; I don't want the universe to be like that." (Footnote 1: Thomas Nagel, The Last Word as quoted by J. Budziszewski in First Things, June/July 2002, No. 124, pg. 28.)   Budziszewski responded to Nagel's comments in the journal First Things. There he said that if Nagel's motivations are true of most atheists then, "those who say that theism is a crutch have got it backwards&#8230;it is atheism that serves as a crutch."   < (Footnote 2: J. Budziszewski, First Things, June/July 2002, No. 124, pg. 28.)  First Things.com  But how could atheism be a crutch?  The answer is, that if taken seriously, the idea of an all-knowing and all-seeing God taking account of our lives is terrifying!  I believe that many atheists keenly sense this. They understand that if God exists, facile belief in Him is not enough. If God exists, they know that they must submit themselves to God, and not just partially, but entirely.  RZIM.org  Hmmmmm. The heart ponders how to answer!?
1. I must deny a Creator in the absence of evidence.  2. I fear no judgement even if there were one.  3. Sin is relative.  4. Eternity is swell but hardly a practical motivator.  5. Atheism cannot be a religion with no rituals or beliefs requiring faith.    Btw your smug and judgemental posts are antithetical to Christianity IMO.  You can't prove that God doesn't exist?  Atheism has wrought over 100 Million dead when worked out in and through society's of Germany, Russia and China.  Eternity is a reality confirmed by Einstein!  Atheists?  Do they really exist? Or, are they obsessed with Theism or God?
I think you took this way too far. I never said the god sent anything or anyone. The point is he didn't do that. He doesn't care. If the little ants kill each other or whatever, he can just make new ones. He could smash the whole thing and create a new one, but how would that entertain him. As I see it, if there is a god. You are only here for his ammusement. Reality TV for the supreme being. He would think it is ammusing that we ahve all these gods and religions and takes on how we came to be. He also doesn't care. He can just make more.  This is just the thoughts of a very cynical and jaded person, NOT someone who has calmly come to the conclusion that there is no God. I'm sure you've had plenty of negative experiences with the christian right and such, but it doesn't mean you have to translate your detest for them into detest for God, because you don't even seem like an athiest, as you claim to be. You seem like someone who is extremely ticked off with God, and that's ok, but that's not an athiest.
My bad, but seriously I post on another forum, and I swing by over here, and man O'man, I can feel the dark moods.  Am I alone in asking: Huh???
It takes a complete JERK, to ask another person if they are HIV positive. For your info NO I am not HIV positive. Nor do I have any terminal illness. I am just an athiest who doesn't belive in this whole god thing. I do like to think about the philosophy of it all, that doesn't mean I am dying it means I am curious.  Sure, I'm with you in that the HIV and Nietzche comment was inappropriate and to be honest, didn't make a darn lick of sense, but don't let that distract you from what he said in the rest of the post. Let's talk about that.
There are no Atheists  - A post and discussion adapted from a Book and book review - By James M. Gillis  In The Unknown God Alfred Noyes reveals and comments upon many startling passages from the works of recognized agnostics and reputed atheists in evidence of God. It is a novel and interesting narrative which leads one to conclude that there are no atheists.   There are no atheists.   At least no thinkers are atheists.  &#8220;Freethinkers&#8221; rise to that bait more surely than a trout to the fly and snap at it more viciously. But it is equally axiomatic that freethinkers do not think freely. Proof? Well, suppose a freethinker thinks himself into religion. Ipso facto he is rated a renegade and apostate.   He is free to think atheism, but not free to think theism.  Sometimes a freethinker lets the cat out of the bag. For example, John Stuart Mill says in his autobiography,  &#8220;It would have been wholly inconsistent with my father's ideas of duty to allow me to acquire impressions contrary to his convictions and feelings respecting religion.&#8221; So! Papa is a freethinker, and Sonny must not think otherwise than Papa. The same phenomenon vastly magnified so that all may see it with the naked eye is now on exhibition in Russia. There indeed we have a World's Exposition of Freethought. Irreligion may be taught but not religion. That statement too makes the freethinkers' gorge rise, for oddly enough the breed is predominantly pro-Bolshevik. Religion,&#8221; they declare, &#8220;is not banned in Russia. A man may be religious if he will.&#8221;  Quoting from forward:  In The Unknown God Mr. Noyes reveals and comments upon many startling passages from the works of recognized agnostics and reputed atheists in evidence of God &#8212; not merely &#8220;a god of some sort,&#8221; as Lord Kelvin says, but substantially and essentially the orthodox God, the God of Catholic theology, the God of St. Augustine and St. Thomas Aquinas.  Click Through - HERE - and Learn more from this Book Review article.
I am not sure what he has said in any of his posts. Not too mention it is in blue 8 point font that tires anyone's eyes to read.  Joe,  I was cutting to the chase, and sorry about my question, but your nihilistic attitude is evident IMO.  Your website is telling as well. Pictures of my Four Walls? O.K. humor I guess.  Existentional hyperbolic drama with the nothing signifying everything?  BTW, computer monitors are harsh on the eyes, but what style would be an improvement.  I agree to some extent, and I am experimenting with new styles and fonts.   What appears easy on your eyes in color, font or size?  Reminds me of Nietzsche and his comment about how his preferences ruled his destiny.
Richbee refers to the New York Times Gay Rights forum, which he spams on a daily basis with cut-and-paste homophobic/right-wing/Catholic drivel under over a dozen handles. He pretty much singlehandedly was responsible for their Religion forum being shut down by using the same tactics. You might want to check out the Times site so you know who you're dealing with. The overwhelming majority of the regular posters there have him on "ignore."  A ha! A Postmodern existentialist playwright! My fave'  Now, now, be careful, there is Richbee and then the cyber incarnations, some are real, and some are an illusion!  This is the RELIGION forum! Homophobia is a nonsense word hurled as an insult against anyone opposing homosexual "marriage" - note not a topic here.  The NYT deleted the thread because it became Gay Religion in America thread from a Nihilistic Neitzschean Hell! Go figure.  BTW, is this the GAY Religion forum? Gay Atheists obsessed with Religion?
"I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is." ~ Albert Camus ~
It is clear to anyone who looks around the world today that religious ideas still retain huge influence among millions. Why do people still look to religion, and what attitude should socialists take? Religion &#8220;is the opium of the people&#8221; is one of the most famous quotes from Karl Marx, and shamelessly and glibly quoted here and some kind of profound "truth"?!?  Usually this is taken to mean that Marx thought people were simply duped, and that religion, just like heroin addiction, kept believers passive and stupefied. Marx argued that the ruling class used religion to sanctify its wars, laws and class divisions. (Note - this is bad "religion" or certainly a misuse or misunderstanding of the Bible!)  He said that religious ideas obscured a real understanding of the social forces which cause exploitation and oppression. But Marx also understood that it was not enough to say that religion was a false doctrine.  It was necessary to look at religion&#8217;s social roots and the needs it fulfils. He argued that &#8220;man makes religion &#8211; religion does not make man&#8221;. (He neglected to discern between Good and Bad Religion) Marx argued that religion was used as an agency of oppression, but at the same time expressed the aspirations of the oppressed: &#8220;Religious distress is at the same time the expression of real distress. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, just as it is the spirit of the spiritless situation. It is the opium of the people.&#8221; People look to religion because it fulfils a need in a world which is full of competition, misery and oppression. In a society divided by class, where the majority of people have no real control of their lives, religion can seem to provide a solution. This is why religious ideas have often found mass support at times of great upheaval. (Even endorsed by Stalin in WW II - although all the while he mocked and scoffed at God!)  Jesus Christ transcends human or man made structures of "religion" and man made structures of belief, like Marxism or Leninism!!!  More about this another time. What is the Religion of Marx??? Secular Humanism? Yes, even atheism is a "religion".
Ladies and Gentlemen -   I give you the Seigfriedson of the religion forum.  Waxy  C'mon Waxy, now that's just too low.
I am not sure what he has said in any of his posts. Not too mention it is in blue 8 point font that tires anyone's eyes to read.  C'mon Joe, yes you do, you just don't seem to want to discuss it.
These post are all over the place, I am not sure what the real debate points are.  There are no atheists. I have you down as a negative thinking agnostic. emoticon_frazzled   Now, keep in mind, there are two types of people, those with dogma and those who have dogma and don't know it.  I think atheists are more free thinking than those who confine their thoughts to dogma or scrpitures  But, no free thinker is actually an atheist!? At least no atheist is free to think about Theism!? emoticon_xbanghead  BTW, to claim no dogma or doctrines(principles) - this is in effect DOGMA!!!  Anti-dogma = dogma  :)
How does Jesus Christ transcend man-made structures of belief? Does that actually mean anything?  Not by might, but by my spirit saith the Lord. God is spirit.  Now of course, Scientific Materialism, or Philosophical Naturalism will deny the spirit of God or any "spirits" with the exception of Johnny Walker Black or Red!. Ha! (Sorry another vain attempt at humor.)  Metaphysics, hmmm.  Oh well, we can pick up on this another day.  IMO, and in my POV, God makes everything more beautiful, more intestesting, whether as a Honors Biology student or as a poet.  Even erotic poetry is more powerful, because of the object of my love or obsession, is created in the likeness of God, and sex is spiritual!
There are no atheists. I have you down as a negative thinking agnostic. emoticon_frazzled   Now, keep in mind, there are two types of people, those with dogma and those who have dogma and don't know it.  As much as I think you are odd in other areas, you are absolutely right on these two points.
 I think atheists are more free thinking than those who confine their thoughts to dogma or scrpitures Chesterton says it best in Orthodoxy:  "For we must remember that the materialist philosophy (whether true or not) is certainly much more limiting than any religion. In one sense, of course, all intelligent ideas are narrow. They cannot be broader than themselves. A Christian is only restricted in the same sense that an atheist is restricted. He cannot think Christianity false and continue to be a Christian; and the atheist cannot think atheism false and continue to be an atheist. But as it happens, there is a very special sense in which materialism has more restrictions than spiritualism. Mr. McCabe thinks me a slave because I am not allowed to believe in determinism. I think Mr. McCabe a slave because he is not allowed to believe in fairies. But if we examine the two vetoes we shall see that his is really much more of a pure veto than mine. The Christian is quite free to believe that there is a considerable amount of settled order and inevitable development in the universe. But the materialist is not allowed to admit into his spotless machine the slightest speck of spiritualism or miracles. Poor Mr. McCabe is not allowed to retain even the tiniest imp, though it might be hiding in a pimpernel. The Christian admits that the universe is manifold and even miscellaneous, just as a sane man knows that he is complex.The sane man knows that he has a touch of the beast, a touch of the devil, a touch of the saint, a touch of the citizen. Nay, the really sane man knows that he has a touch of the madman. But the materialist's world is quite simple and solid, just as the madman is quite sure he is sane. The materialist is sure that history has been simply and solely a chain of causation, just as the interesting person before mentioned is quite sure that he is simply and solely a chicken. Materialists and madmen never have doubts.  Spiritual doctrines do not actually limit the mind as do materialistic denials. Even if I believe in immortality I need not think about it. But if I disbelieve in immortality I must not think about it. In the first case the road is open and I can go as far as I like; in the second the road is shut...Now it is the charge against the main deductions of the materialist that, right or wrong, they gradually destroy his humanity; I do not mean only kindness, I mean hope, courage, poetry, initiative, all that is human. For instance, when materialism leads men to complete fatalism (as it generally does), it is quite idle to pretend that it is in any sense a liberating force. It is absurd to say that you are especially advancing freedom when you only use free thought to destroy free will. The determinists come to bind, not to loose. They may well call their law the 'chain' of causation. It is the worst chain that ever fettered a human being. You may use the language of liberty, if you like, about materialistic teaching, but it is obvious that this is just as inapplicable to it as a whole as the same language when applied to a man locked up in a mad house. You may say, if you like, that the man is free to think himself a poached egg. But it is surely a more massive and important fact that if he is a poached egg he is not free to eat, drink, sleep, walk, or smoke a cigarette. Similarly you may say, if you like, that the bold determinist speculator is free to disbelieve in the reality of the will. But it is a much more massive and important fact that he is not free to raise, to curse, to thank, to justify, to urge, to punish, to resist temptations, to incite mobs, to make New Year resolutions, to pardon sinners, to rebuke tyrants, or even to say 'thank you' for the mustard..."  And in The Everlasting Man: There will be no end to the weary debates about liberalising theology, until people face the fact that the only liberal part of it is really the dogmatic part. If dogma is incredible, it is because it is incredibly liberal. If it is irrational, it can only be in giving us more assurance of freedom than is justified by reason. The obvious example is that essential form of freedom which we call free-will. It is absurd to say that a man shows his liberality in denying his liberty. But it is tenable that he has to affirm a transcendental doctrine in order to affirm his liberty. There is a sense in which we might reasonably say that if a man has a primary power of choice, he has in that fact a supernatural power of creation, as if he could raise the dead or give birth to the unbegotten. Possibly in that case a man must be a miracle; and certainly in that case he must be a miracle in order to be a man; and most certainly in order to be a free man. But it is absurd to forbid him to be a free man and do it in the name of a more free religion..."  "What the denouncer of dogma really means is not that dogma is bad; but rather that dogma is too good to be true. That is, he means that dogma is too liberal to be likely. Dogma gives man too much freedom when it permits him to fall. Dogma gives even God too much freedom when it permits him to die. That is what the intelligent sceptics ought to say; and it is not in the least my intention to deny that there is something to be said for it. They mean that the universe is itself a universal prison; that existence itself is a limitation and a control; and it is not for nothing that they call causation a chain. In a word, they mean quite simply that they cannot believe these things; not in the least that they are unworthy of belief. We say, not lightly but very literally, that the truth has made us free. They say that it makes us so free that it cannot be the truth. To them it is like believing in fairyland to believe in such freedom as we enjoy. It is like believing in men with wings to entertain the fancy of men with wills. It is like accepting a fable about a squirrel in conversation with a mountain to believe a man who is free to ask or a God who is free to answer. This is a manly and a rational negation for which I for one shall always show respect. But I decline to show any respect for those who first of all clip the wings and cage the squirrel, rivet the chains and refuse the freedom, close all the doors of the cosmic prison on us with a clang of eternal iron, tell us that our emancipation is a dream and our dungeon a necessity; and then calmly turn round  and tell us they have a freer thought and a more liberal theology.
Cosmic Humanists talk about god, so they must practice a religion.   But how can the &#8220;religious&#8221; label apply to atheists like the Marxists or Secular Humanists?  It applies because all worldviews contain a theology&#8212;that is, all begin with a religious declaration. Christianity begins with &#8220;In the beginning God.&#8221; Marxism/Leninism and Secular Humanism begin with &#8220;In the beginning no God.&#8221; Cosmic Humanism begins with the declaration &#8220;Everything is God.&#8221;  The Marxist view demonstrates itself to be religious in a number of other ways, as well. Marxism&#8217;s philosophy of dialectical materialism grants matter god-like attributes, as Gustav A. Wetter acknowledges in Dialectical Materialism: [T]he atheism of dialectical materialism is concerned with very much more than a mere denial of God. . . [I]n dialectical materialism . . . the higher is not, as such, denied; the world is interpreted as a process of continual ascent, which fundamentally extends into infinity. But it is supposed to be matter itself which continually attains to higher perfection under its own power, thanks to its indwelling dialectic. As Nikolai Berdyaev very rightly remarks, the dialectical materialist attribution of &#8220;dialectic&#8221; to matter confers on it, not mental attributes only, but even divine ones. We will discuss this further in the Marxist philosophy chapter. For now, it is enough to understand that Wetter perceives communism as religious in character.  Even Secular Humanists such as Bertrand Russell recognize the religiosity of Marxism:  &#8220;The greatest danger in our day comes from new religions, communism and Nazism. To call these religions may perhaps be objectionable both to their friends and to their enemies, but in fact they have all the characteristics of religions. They advocate a way of life on the basis of irrational dogmas; they have a sacred history, a Messiah, and a priesthood. I do not see what more could be demanded to qualify a doctrine as a religion.&#8221;  Source:: Click HERE
It may come as a shock to you but not all atheists are Marxists. Mr. Russell makes no such suggestion in your quote. Could you please elucidate in your own words the "dogmas" of atheism?  Good point and not all Socialists are Atheists.  Atheism is the dogma of: NO GOD.  Dogmatically proclaimed on Religious discussion threads!
As is: NO PINK FLYING ELEPHANTS.  I have never heard of that one, and no one has tried to prove that negative.
Do I understand correctly that it is your assertion that an atheist cannot subscribe to the idea of humans having some form of "free will"? Must I actually believe in "magic" to see the world in poetic terms? The assertion that an atheist cannot subscribe to free will rests on the premise that he must be a materialist. In the material world chemical reactions, mutation, natural selection, random collisions/reactions, fate are all that exist. Free will cannot exist in this framework. This is my limited understanding of what Chesterton was asserting.   Can you explain free will to me in the realm of the atheist/materialist?
This is such mumbo jumbo.  I'm still tryting to figure out what atheism has to do with the philosophy of Karl Marx. Perhaps you feel a negative label helps your cause? Please do entertain us in your own words.  By the way, atheism is not a dogma. of "no god", any more than being rich is a "dogma" of having a lot of money. How silly, it's a definition.  -Mach  There are two types of people, as one saying goes, those with dogma, and those with dogma, who don't know that they have dogma.  Dogma = principles or doctrine.  For the Atheist, the principle is, "in the beginning no God."  Now, some are Athi-THeists, like at the ACLU, IMO.  I will try to drop in from time to time!
To simplify - it's best to do so when contradicting a cut and paste artist such as you - atheists disbelieve in the existence of God, and for this reason: There is no credible evidence whatever for the reality of such a being. Notice that a REASON has been given here: it's not a matter of jumping to a conclusion based on an a priori "principle" (as you suggest).  This sounds like explanation for an agnostic.  If there is no evidence, and you conclude that there is NO God, then logically, in your Theology or Religion, "In the beginning No God".  LOL!
One Rabbi who was imprisoned at Auschwitz said that it was as though all the Ten Commandments had been reversed:   thou shalt kill,   thou shalt lie,   thou shalt steal.  Mankind has never seen such a hell. And yet, in a real sense, if naturalism is true, our world is Auschwitz. There is no good and evil, no right and wrong. Objective moral values do not exist.  If atheism is true, there is no moral accountability for one's actions.   Even if there were objective moral values and duties under naturalism, they are irrelevant because there is no moral accountability. If life ends at the grave, it makes no difference whether one lives as a Stalin or as a saint. As the Russian writer Fyodor Dostoyevsky rightly said: "If there is no immortality, then all things are permitted."   The state torturers in Soviet prisons understood this all too well. Richard Wurmbrand reports,   "The cruelty of atheism is hard to believe when man has no faith in the reward of good or the punishment of evil. There is no reason to be human. There is no restraint from the depths of evil which is in man. The Communist torturers often said,  'There is no God, no hereafter, no punishment for evil. We can do what we wish.' I have heard one torturer even say, 'I thank God, in whom I don't believe, that I have lived to this hour when I can express all the evil in my heart.' He expressed it in unbelievable brutality and torture inflected on prisoners.   Given the finality of death, it really does not matter how you live. So what do you say to someone who concludes that we may as well just live as we please, out of pure self-interest?   This presents a pretty grim picture for an atheistic ethicist like Kai Nielsen  of the University of Calgary. He writes,  We have not been able to show that reason requires the moral point of view, or that all really rational persons should not be individual egoists or classical immoralists. (amoral) Reason doesn't decide here. The picture I have painted for you is not a pleasant one. Reflection on it depresses me . . . . Pure practical reason, even with a good knowledge of the facts, will not take you to morality.  Somebody might say that it is in our best self-interest to adopt a moral life-style. But clearly, that is not always true: we all know situations in which self-interest runs smack in the face of morality.  SOURCE::Click Through and Learn
Ravi Zacharias speaks with great insight of the modern difficulties surrounding belief.  He writes in Jesus Among Other Gods "We are living in a time when sensitivities are at the surface, often vented with cutting words. Philosophically, you can believe anything, so long as you do not claim it to be true. Morally you can practice anything, so long as you do not claim that it is a &#8216;better&#8217; way. Religiously, you can hold to anything, so long as you do not bring Jesus Christ into it. If a spiritual idea is eastern, it is granted critical immunity; if western, it is thoroughly criticized. Thus, a journalist can walk into a church and mock its carryings on, but he or she dare not do the same if the ceremony is from the eastern fold."  This is the mood of the century. And Dr. Zacharias reminds us that a mood can be a dangerous state of mind. You see, moods are far too often given the authority to crush reason under the weight of feeling. And alarmingly, it is precisely a "mood" that represents postmodern thought best.   C.S. Lewis did not speak out of our postmodern era, but he knew it was coming and scholars unquestionably agree his mind was ahead of its time. In an essay called "Modern Man and His Categories of Thought," Lewis ruminates,  "Man is becoming as narrowly 'practical' as the irrational animals. In lecturing to popular audiences I have repeatedly found it almost impossible to make them understand that I recommend Christianity because I think its affirmations to be objectively true. They are simply not interested in the question of truth or falsehood. They only want to know if it will be comforting, or inspiring, or socially useful." (Present Concerns: Essays by C.S. Lewis, "Modern Man and His Categories of Thought" (1946) pp. 65.) The world has changed since Lewis penned those words, but the truth he diligently pointed to has not. Both C.S. Lewis and Ravi Zacharias remind us that if religion is to be treated with intellectual respect, then it must stand the test of truth, regardless of the shifting moods of time. My prayer for you, dear friend, is that you will arrive at your verdict of Christianity not by pathways of mood but by means of the unchanging road of truth.  Hard to Believe - By Jill Carattini
Ahh!! I almost forgot. OF COURSE, God will deal out punishment when i'm dead. I say we let the murderers free, the rapists out, and let them be. Afterall, GOD will punish evil doers in the end.   Screw the justice system, there's no need, we have GOD!!!!  Our system of Justice is built on a THeistic foundation dating back to the time of Moses, IMHO.
wait, you changed the color but you didn't change the font size!!   Get with the program if you are going to cut and paste other's ideas!! :) lol emoticon_xgood
Republics, i.e. highly just systems, existed in pagan societies (e.g. early Rome.)   Pagan hubris.  The Roman empire was built on corruption, slavery and live human sacrifice.  Infraticide was routinely practiced and over 90% were slaves supporting the great Liberty of Diana and Apollo.  Paganism is imbelicity and filth for the ignorant.
for Richbee: - Why I Am Not A Christian by Bertrand Russell  Bertrand Russell when asked what he would say to God if he were to meet up with Him, said &#8220;I will tell Him He did not give me enough evidence.&#8221;   The Bible makes it clear&#8212;The problem is not the absence of evidence, it is the suppression of it. In creation, in history and in Christ He has spoken.   Are you running from the evidence?  Bertrand was!  I found God in a person, the person of Jesus Christ!  We are now at home in a world where truth has been displaced by relevance and blurred by preference.  But we must remember that even relevance becomes irrelevant when it is not related to truth.   Jesus proclaimed boldly, "I am the way, the truth, and the life."  When we know that truth is a person, when we see that truth has a face and eyes that look into our own, our response is no longer a matter of preference or interpretation. It is no longer a topic needing your formulated argument. It is a defining matter of your attitude toward a Person.   Jesus said, "I am the Truth."  He did not mean these words metaphorically, anymore than we ask life's most plaguing questions metaphorically. Is there meaning in life? Where did I come from? Where am I going? How do we know right from wrong? When you look at the Person of Christ, you find all those questions answered because He is the Truth. Truth is not a word to manipulate or a point to be argued. Truth is a Person, the only life perfectly lived, and death selflessly given to set you free. And He asks for your confidence. Consider your response, dear friend, knowing you are in His presence.  Truth is person reaching to all of us in Love, respect and in Lovingkindess. Who will deny the call of Jesus Christ? Click Here:  More.....
Christian hubris.  The Holy Roman Empire was built on feudalism, serfdom and knight warfare.  Heretic-burning was routinely practiced and over 90% of the serfs believed in the Christian God.  Christianity is imbecility and filth for the ignorant.  Pagan habits die hard.
Sinjin, Does Russell say anything on free will? Does he give an explanation of it in the atheistic framework?  Did you know that Russell's daughter was of the opinion that his whole life was a search for "God"?
Hang on a second - this place isn't a revival meeting  Why not?  How can Truth be a person?  Jesus said, he was the WAY, the WAY to the Father, and thus the TRUTH about God.  Jesus is not just a philosopher or good moral teacher (Rabbi) with nice rules for living.  Jesus is the savior! He didn't come to Earth to make bad men good, he came to make dead man LIVE!
It's no use shouting your assertions: that doesn't make them worth listening to. You will never make any "converts" who can think for themselves by repeating slogans and mantras about Jesus Christ.   There are no Atheists!  Only self-deluded liars and ignorant fools!  O.K. that might be a tad rough, but just look at the case study of Anthony Flew!  Intellectually honest?  Agnosticism is the only intellectually honest position and a real agnostic has to be open to the evidence! Seek and you will find God!
True, but isn't the larger group of potential converts those who can't think for themselves and offer the possibility of response to sloglans based on mythology or snake oil?  Did you buy the Karl Marx snake oil?  Freddie Nietzsche?  Jean-Paul Sartre?  Are you really a Free thinker?
A free thinker bound only by my knowledge and respect of cause and affect.  Cause and Effect?  How do you test your choices? Can you die and then come back to life and get a do over?  Reincarnation?  Do people really remember previous lives? Is there really any opportunity to a "do over" - after it's all over, dead and buried so to speak?
I prefer the here and now experience. The rest is scholastic level intellectual pursuit I explored at an early age and discarded in favor of identified idealism and reality.  You mean your own escape from reality!
Libertarians are social liberals and economic conservatives. They want decreased regulations on society (legalize drugs, gay marriage, etc.)...  And here is the crux of the matter where I think Libertarians are missing it: As one Founding Father said, "There can be no liberty without virtue." Someone else once said, "Intemperate men can never be free because their passions give rise to their bindings".   If the God of the Bible is right, a nation which legalizes sin and intemperance loses the favor of God. And when the sins of a nation reach their fullness (in God's eyes), that disfavor can turn to judgment (Genesis 15:16, Deuteronomy Chapter 28 - "The blessings of obedience and curses of disobedience). Therefore, while many of the Libertarians mean well on liberal social issues, they nevertheless either don't see the big picture, or they don't believe it will occur.
Christianity has always gotten a lot of mileage from the carrot and stick scenario as motivation for believers and suppression of non-believers.  We invite non-believrs to our Church and hundreds show up, atheists, wiccan witches and Momons, etc.  Some are wht our Pastor calls fence sitters, who as he says, just keep kicking a can down the road. On and on and on.  He is cool with that!
"I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be an Atheist" is a book out by Norman L. Geisler and Frank Turek  Customer Review: "[The Book..]..convincingly shows why atheism and other non-Christian views require a lot more faith than Christianity.  Geisler and Turek build their case from the question of truth all the way to truth of the Bible. Along the way, in a readable and often entertaining way, they debunk relativism, agnosticism, atheism, Darwinism and New Testament liberalism. Their explanations of how the big bang, the design found in both the Universe and living organisms (like humans!), and morality point to God are worth the price of the book.  I especially like the clarity they bring to the creation-evolution debate. Their point about how science is built on philosophy helps clear away much of the dust kicked into that often raucous debate. "It's not about the Bible vs. science or religion vs. science" they write, "but about good science vs. bad science." Geisler and Turek show that it's actually the Darwinists who are practicing the bad science. Darwinists rule out intelligent causes before they even look at the evidence. In doing so, they ignore observation-- the very foundation of science-- much as the opponents of Galileo once did. That's bad science built on bad philosophy.   I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be an Atheist has four great chapters that systematically show why the New Testament documents are telling the truth. The authors show why we can be assured that the documents were written within a few decades of the evens which they report and contain historically-confirmed eyewitness details. They also cite non-Christian writers, archaeology, and list over 30 characters found in the New Testament that have been confirmed by secular sources.   But they are at their best when they point out how the New Testament story is an unlikely invention.   After listing a series of embarrassing gaffes of the apostles, Geisler and Turek ask the reader, "If you were a New Testament writer, would you include these embarrassing details if you were making up a story? Would you write that one of your primary leaders was called 'Satan' by Jesus, denied the Lord three times, hid during the crucifixion, and was later corrected on a theological issue? Would you depict yourselves as uncaring, bumbling cowards, and the women-whose testimony was not even admissible in court-as the brave ones who stood by Jesus and later discovered the empty tomb? Would you admit that some of you (the eleven remaining disciples) doubted the very Son of God after he had proven himself raised to all of you?"   Geisler and Turek don't have enough faith to believe it's a made-up story. Neither do I. This is an engaging and affirming book with a vast scope. I highly recommend it!  (See Hotlink at the Top)
DO you want to have debates or just do book reviews on atheists?  Is attacking atheist you way of promoting religion? You don't seem to post on anything but athiests, so I assume there is a reason for that. I am curious what that reason is.
DO you want to have debates or just do book reviews on atheists?  Is attacking atheist you way of promoting religion? You don't seem to post on anything but athiests, so I assume there is a reason for that. I am curious what that reason is.  Attack?  Au Contraire!  I admire the FAITH of all the Athiests I have ever encountered on the New York Times, and The Atlantic.  Is your Faith threatened?  Now what could be better than having a common source, in this book, and anyone can buy it and read it, and discuss it here!!! Ah, Liberty and Justice for all!  Well, two books are required, or suggested, Geisler's and the Bible.  Enjoy the DISCUSSION folks!
"I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be an Atheist" is a book out by Norman L. Geisler and Frank Turek  After listing a series of embarrassing gaffes of the apostles, Geisler and Turek ask the reader, "If you were a New Testament writer, would you include these embarrassing details if you were making up a story? Would you write that one of your primary leaders was called 'Satan' by Jesus, denied the Lord three times, hid during the crucifixion, and was later corrected on a theological issue?  Without a doubt Peter is my favorite in the NT.  Acts 2 is a shocking turn of events, when on the day of Pentecost 3,000 believed in Jesus as the Jewish Messiah, and were saved and received the power of the Holy Spirit.  Truly God used the lowest and most worthless and in Peter's lowest, God used the occassion for the highest Good. And, at the end of his life, he asked to be cruicified upside down (a merciful request, BTW) - who could make this scenario up?  Why would 3,000 Jews believe in a dead Messiah? Why was the tomb empty? If Jesus was not the Messiah, who could believe the Gospel?  Why would anyone risk being a Jewish heretic, and being cast out of Jerusalem? Acts 7 if memory serves me, or 8,9 as the believers in "The Way" - Jews for Jesus as it were, were expelled from Jerusalem.  Some did stay behind with James, who was later beheaded 40 - 50 A.D. or so. More for tomorrow.......L8r, Rich
For those visitors and posters here, truly interested in Religion, a little over $11 is a small price to pay for SOOOOOOoooooo much fun.  What could be more fun than roasting Atheists, who have Faith in the non-enity, non-creator that they can't stop thinking about and discussing?  Or, the Religion of Darwin?  Amazon.com - More Reviews  (Note: Informational Post only - I am not promoting the Book, just trying to enhance and expand our Discussions!)
The jist of my "faith" is that: -And that belief in God is further: - Which would make that belief:  You missed the point! Earlier in Life, Freud described God as a Father wish fullfilment notion.  Later in Life, Freud condicted himself and saluted the Swiss Theologian AND God!  Now, look, we all evolve, and grow our childish beliefs (e.g. atheism)  I will go further, NO one is an Atheist on their Death bed or in a Fowhole as the WWII guys knew all too well.
Sigmund Freud divided all people into "believers" and "unbelievers.&#8221;  Unbelievers include all those who consider themselves cynics, skeptics, scoffers, agnostics, or atheists. Believers include the rest, whose belief ranges from merely an intellectual assent that someone or something is out there to those like Lewis, Augustine, Tolstoy, and Pascal who have had a life-transforming experience after which their faith becomes the primary motivating and organizing principle of their lives.   Freud came down clearly and strongly against the notion that there is "Anyone" out there. He described his worldview as secular and called it "scientific," and he claimed that no source of knowledge of the universe exists other than "carefully scrutinized observation what we call research." Therefore no knowledge, he said, can be derived from revelation or from intuition. He stated that the notion of the universe created by a being "resembling a man but magnified in every respect, an idealized superman, reflects the gross ignorance of primitive peoples." He stated that no intelligent person could accept the absurdities of the religious worldview.   Freud described the concept of God as merely a projection of the childish wish for the protection of an all-powerful father. He added that "religion is an attempt to master the sensory world in which we are situated by means of the wishful world which we have developed within us as a result of biological and psychological abnormality."   He concluded that the religious view is "so pathetically absurd and . . . infantile that it is humiliating and embarrassing to think that the majority of people will never rise above it."   Except for the brief time as a college student under the influence of a brilliant philosopher named Franz Bratano, a devout believer, when Freud wavered in his atheism, he stated that he remained an unbeliever all of his life. A year before he died, Freud wrote to Charles Sanger, "Neither in my private life nor in my writing have I ever made a secret of being an out-and-out unbeliever."   When we carefully assess the record, however, we find that Freud may not have been quite as adamant in his atheism as he proclaimed. Certainly he did refer to himself often as, "an infidel Jew," and he rejected outright the religious view of the universe, especially the Judeo-Christian view. He certainly attacked this view with all his intellectual might and from every possible perspective. Yet, for some reason he remained preoccupied with these issues; he just could not leave them alone. He spent the last thirty years of his life writing about them.   In an autobiographical study he said that these philosophical and religious issues interested him throughout his life from early youth. A great deal of evidence exists that Freud's worldview proved less than comfortable for him. Faith was by no means a closed issue for him, and he was extremely ambivalent about God's existence.    Anna Freud, Sigmund's daughter who died a few years ago, explained to me the only way to know her father: "Don't read his biographies;" she instructed, "read his letters." Throughout Freud's letters are statements such as,  "If someday we meet above," "[my] one, quite secret prayer," and statements about God's grace.  During the last thirty years of Freud's life, he carried out a continuous exchange of hundreds of letters with a Swiss theologian, Oskar Phister.  It's interesting to note that his longest correspondence was with this theologian. He admired Phister and wrote,   "You are a true servant of God . . . [who] feels the need to do spiritual good to everyone he meets. You did good this way even to me." He later said that Phister was, "In the fortunate position of being able to lead men to God."  Source:: Click Here  Armand M. Nicholi, Jr., M.D. is an Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the Harvard Medical School where he has served for the past 25 years. Dr. Nicholi's popular seminar on the question of God, which he has taught without interruption for the past 35 years, is the basis for his book, The Question of God: C.S. Lewis and Sigmund Freud Debate God, Love, Sex, and the Meaning of Life and a recent PBS series.
Ha!   THere we have it, Freud suffered from Faith in his illussionary Non-belief.  We humans are perfectly capable of blocking out God, but obly for a while, and this explains the popularity of drugs and booze, as many seek to kill the conscience. (And, as many pursue lifestyles that create cognitive pain!)  God willing, most of us get sober, and accept our fate as God's creation, and created with meaning, purpose and with an eternal destiny!  We are all eternal, it just depends on where end up!!!
So what are you trying to do here - smother everyone with bafflegab ?  No, I just outed Freud as a closet Theist!!!  Next, Oscar Wilde was a Jesus freak!
So if I have a believer as a friend that suggests a weakness in my atheism?  If I say adios I'm "testifying"?  What is Faith?  IMO, Faith is an assurance of things hoped for, yet unseen.  And, perhaps I sould stop and ask, who are the real Atheists here?  You see, when you test and challenge this theologically POV, or belief, or premise, you quickly produce a room full of agnostics!!!  So, we should, and we will be careful to ferret out those who struggle with belief in Theism, and those who declare dogmatically the non-existance of the supernatural Being - God.  And, then Anti-theists deserve further attention - benign and rabid.  Until tomorrow!  Adios!  Chow! emoticon_xbye
  After listing a series of embarrassing gaffes of the apostles, Geisler and Turek ask the reader, "If you were a New Testament writer, would you include these embarrassing details if you were making up a story? Would you write that one of your primary leaders was called 'Satan' by Jesus, denied the Lord three times, hid during the crucifixion, and was later corrected on a theological issue? Would you depict yourselves as uncaring, bumbling cowards, and the women-whose testimony was not even admissible in court-as the brave ones who stood by Jesus and later discovered the empty tomb? Would you admit that some of you (the eleven remaining disciples) doubted the very Son of God after he had proven himself raised to all of you?"    The disciples had to be portrayed as a bunch of ignorant, clueless boobs. All the more so to show the superiority of the "master". That one word was never written by any of the twelve is evident by this example alone:   We read in MT 14:13 the miracle of feeding five thousand people with a couple fish and five loaves of bread. The disciples are bowled over with this development--speechless--despite already personally observing numerous over miracles, such as walking on water, untold healings, water transforming into wine, etc.  Then one brief chapter later, we are to believe Jesus is faced with feeding a mere four thousand people with nothing more than seven loaves and "a few little fishes". The disciples' response? MT 15:33: "Where are we to get enough loaves to satisfy so great a crowd?"   If you personally had just observed five thousand people rubbing their bellies in satisfaction and fulfillment, would that be your question? Must we believe these twelve were nothing more than open-mouthed, clueless doofuses? Or is it more probable that it never happened?
DO you want to have debates or just do book reviews on atheists?  Is attacking atheist you way of promoting religion? You don't seem to post on anything but athiests, so I assume there is a reason for that. I am curious what that reason is.  I might start another thread, and change the subject to:  I'm Not Dumb Enough to Be an Agnostic!  Oh well, at least it represents a more illectually honest position than Atheism!
The disciples had to be portrayed as a bunch of ignorant, clueless boobs. All the more so to show the superiority of the "master". That one word was never written by any of the twelve is evident by this example alone:   We read in MT 14:13 the miracle of feeding five thousand people with a couple fish and five loaves of bread. The disciples are bowled over with this development--speechless--despite already personally observing numerous over miracles, such as walking on water, untold healings, water transforming into wine, etc.  Then one brief chapter later, we are to believe Jesus is faced with feeding a mere four thousand people with nothing more than seven loaves and "a few little fishes". The disciples' response? MT 15:33: "Where are we to get enough loaves to satisfy so great a crowd?"   If you personally had just observed five thousand people rubbing their bellies in satisfaction and fulfillment, would that be your question? Must we believe these twelve were nothing more than open-mouthed, clueless doofuses? Or is it more probable that it never happened?  But wait, what about the times Jesus refuses to do any miracles?  Sometimes, he says, the people have little faith, and on another occassion, he seems tired, or just doesn't care?  Which is it? Had he run out of supernatural power? Why didn't Jesus perform a miracle on the faithless clueless boobs (poops)???  Why include this in the NT? Why not brush over these facts.  BTW, can you find the verses I am referring to?
.  Among the repulsions of atheism for me has been its drastic uninterestingness as an intellectual position. Where was the ingenuity, the ambiguity, the humanity of saying that the universe just happened to happen and that when we're dead we're dead? ~ John Updike ~
But wait, what about the times Jesus refuses to do any miracles?  Sometimes, he says, the people have little faith, and on another occassion, he seems tired, or just doesn't care?  Which is it? Had he run out of supernatural power? Why didn't Jesus perform a miracle on the faithless clueless boobs (poops)???  Why include this in the NT? Why not brush over these facts.  BTW, can you find the verses I am referring to?  I wish you would answer my questions.
Here are the three Theistic options: (Theistic)  1) Judaism 2) Christianity 3) Islam  Here are the options that can't be True (Nontheistic)  1) Hinduism (pantheistic and polytheistic) 2) Buddhism (pantheistic or atheistic) 3) New Age (pantheistic) 4) Secular humanism (atheistic) 5) Mormonism (polytheistic) 6) Wicca (pantheistic or polytheistic) 7) Taoism (pantheistic or atheistic) 8) Confucianism (atheistic) 9) Shinto (polytheistic)    Logically, if theism is true, then all nontheisms are false.
Sorry, but I have to say this.  Who the hell gives a flaming turd what Freud thought? He was a coke head quack who pulled a bunch of bunk out of his butt and called it psychotherapy.   ..  Many Atheists I have encountered call God a human effort in wish fullfillment.  THat seeking God and salvation through Jesus Christ is an illusion.  Many of these folks are quoting Freud whether they know it or not.  Ha! In the end, he was a Theist!
What does this have to do with your lack of understanding of the elementary priniciples of logic?  For that matter, what does this have to do with anything?  Waxy  You don't really appear interested in our topic, and that post was from the authors of the book.  How would you change their list?
Jumping forward in the Book:  Chapter 3 from Geisler and Turek's book.  This chapter covers the Teleological argument. Which the authors formulate like this:  1. Every design had a designer. 2. The universe has a highly complex design. 3. Therefore, the universe has a Designer.  There is a discussion of The Anthropic Principle.  the universe is specifically tweaked to enable life on earth  the universe is extremely fine-tuned (designed) to support human life here on earth.  Geiser and Turek give an example of an atheistic or agnostic reaction to this proof:  "How do atheists respond to this "proof for God"? Some atheists admit there's some kind of Designer out there. Astronomer Fred Hoyle had his atheism shaken by the Anthropic Principle [....] Holyle concluded, "A commonsense interpretation of the facts suggests that a super intellect has monkeyed with physics, as well as chemistry and biology, and that there are no blind forces worth speaking about in nature."  Atheists have had to resort to wild speculation to give chance more of a chance. Their speculation is called the Multiple Universe Theory.  There are multiple problems with this multiple-universe explanation. First, and most significantly, there's no evidence for it! The evidence shows that all of finite reality came into existence with the Big Bang. Finite reality is exactly what we call "the universe." If other finite realities exist, they're beyond our ability to detect. No one has ever observed any evidence that such universes may exist. That's why this multiple universe idea is nothing more than a metaphysical concoction--a fairy tale built on blind faith--as detached from reality as Stephen Hawking's "imaginary time."  We can back one chapter where the Big Bang was covered.
Then logically, if any nontheism (as you put it) is true, then all theism is false.  I posted that from the book, and used a conclusion from the end of the book on purpose.  I call that bottom line first, and would welcome your admendments.  I tend to agree with the list.  I hope that we can go through at least a few chapters here!
You reject the "multiple universe" theory for lack of "evidence"? You're a crack-up.  I don't have a problem with multiple Universes, although the odds of humans evolving?  Now, the odds that God created in his own likeness?  I am open to this possibility. With God, anything is possible!  LOL!
"Every color has in it a bold quality as of choice; the red of garden roses is not only decisive but dramatic, like suddenly spilt blood. He feels that something has been done. &#8230; I had always vaguely felt facts to be miracles in the sense that they are wonderful: now I began to think them miracles in the stricter sense that they were willful." (G.K. Chesterton)
Without thinking the non-existent, and unthinkable God, please solve the seven (7) riddles of the universe which Emil Du Bois-Reymond had enumerated in his 1880 address to the Berlin Academy of Sciences:   1) the nature of matter and force;  2) the origin of motion;  3) the origin of life;  4) the order in nature;  5) the origin of simple sensation and consciousness;  6) rational thought and speech;  and   7) freedom of the will.
Even if it depended on luck, there are enough tries that the odds are one time life would evolve.  So, time + matter + chance?  Where is the Meaning, the rhyme or sublime reason?  Hmmmm, what would Steven Gould say?  The late, great Harvard professor Stephen Jay Gould has said the following regarding the quest for meaning:  The pathways that have led to our evolution are quirky, improbable, unrepeatable and utterly unpredictable. Human evolution is not random; it makes sense and can be explained after the fact. But wind back life&#8217;s tape to the dawn of time and let it play again-and you will never get humans a second time . . . We cannot read the meaning of life passively in the facts of nature. We must construct these answers ourselves&#8212;from our own wisdom and ethical sense. There is no other way.  (Stephen Jay Gould, quoted in David Friend and editors of Life magazine, The Meaning of Life, 33.)
Consider Professor of quantum physics at Cambridge University, Dr. John Polkinghorne, and his book, One World, there is a marvelous exposition of his fascination with the created order.  He said,  &#8220;Ladies and gentlemen, if you were to analyze just one contingency in the early picoseconds of the universe&#8221;&#8212;a picosecond is how long it takes the speed of something moving at the speed of light to traverse the breadth of a single strain of hair&#8212;he said,   &#8220;If you look at the early picoseconds of this universe and analyze just one contingent, the expansion and relation to the contraction, do you know how precise that had to be?&#8221;  He said,   &#8220;It would be like taking aim at a one-square-inch object at the other end of the universe twenty billion light years away and hitting it bull&#8217;s eye.&#8221; And then he said, &#8220;Gentlemen, there&#8217;s no free lunch. Somebody has to pay.&#8221;
You agree that Mormonism is polytheistic?  Yes, in effect, they believe in three gods.  Christianity believes in the Trinity - three in one.  Consider the Triune nature of God, in the Old Testament, or in Judaism:  The Use of the Compound One  The fourth line of evidence for unity of the Godhead in the Old Testament is in Deuteronomy 6:4; a very famous verse for Jewish people. Deuteronomy 6:4 is called the sh&#8217;ma, and it is considered the essence of all forms of Judaism. That verse reads: Hear, 0 Israel: Jehovah our God is one Jehovah:&#8230;This verse, more than any other, emphasizes the concept of a unity. In the field of Jewish evangelism, Deuteronomy 6:4 is often used by Jewish people to teach against the plurality of the Godhead. But, if this verse is studied very carefully, it is evident that it is not teaching an absolute unity, but a compound unity. Rather than arguing against a plurality of the Godhead, Deuteronomy 6:4 actually supports the concept of plurality in the Godhead. To begin with, it should be pointed out that where it reads Jehovah our God the Hebrew word for God is plural, and literally reads, "our Gods." But, the key word to focus attention on is the word one.  Echad  The Hebrew word for one is echad. By comparing the usage of echad elsewhere in the Old Testament, it is clear that this word refers to a compound one, not an absolute one. For example, Genesis 1:5 states: And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, one day. The combination of evening and morning comprised the unity of echad, or one day. Another key passage is Genesis 2:24: Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh. A man and a woman who come together in marriage are said to become one [echad] flesh. There are two personalities, a man and a woman, coming together in marriage, and the two become one. Obviously, they do not become an absolute one, for they retain their separate personalities; however, there is definitely a unity there. Another example is Ezra 3:1, where the whole assembly of Israel was as one [echad]. Although it was comprised of numerous individuals, they were all looked upon as one; obviously a united one. Another example is Ezekiel 37:17, where Ezekiel is told to put two sticks together, and they are combined to become one [echad] stick. These examples of the usage of the word echad in the Hebrew text, which is the very same word used in Deuteronomy 6:4, show that it speaks of a compound unity, not an absolute unity.  Yachid  There is another Hebrew word which does mean an absolute one: yachid. It is used in Genesis 22:2, where it emphasizes Isaac as Abraham's only, unique son. So, if Moses had wanted to emphasize absolute oneness of God, he would have used the term yachid. But he did not use that term for the oneness of God. Deuteronomy 6:4 is, therefore, an argument in favor of the plurality of the Godhead and, at the same time, it teaches the unity of this plurality of the one God."  Source::More - Click Here
So Christianity is polytheistic and mormonism is a sect of that. That's what you're saying, right?  And only Judaism and Islam are truly monotheistic.  God is One.  Quote:  Throughout the centuries, the Christian community has carried on a dialogue with the Scriptures and the community&#8217;s experience, always searching for understanding and appropriate ways to express its beliefs. Naturally, individual theologians and Church councils made use of the philosophies and other insights of their age.   During the first centuries of Christianity&#8217;s existence, questions about Jesus and the Trinity raised special interest. How can we speak of this human being who is also God? How can we speak of one God who is Father, Son and Spirit? (What many of us now simply accept as part of our Creed had to be hammered out over many years.)   Three people who played a very important role in that process during the fourth century were St. Basil of Caesarea, St. Gregory of Nyssa and St. Gregory of Nazianzus. Because they lived in Cappadocia (an area of present-day Turkey), these three saints are simply called the Cappadocians. For many of us in the West, their thought is not well-known.   A key concept in their teaching about how the Trinity is both one and three is perichoresis, a term conveying dynamic and creative energy, eternal movement, mutuality and interrelatedness. The three divine persons are what they are by relation to one another. Some scholars like to use the image of dance to describe this term. In this divine dance there is an eternal movement of reciprocal giving and receiving, expressing the essence and unity of God. Moreover this interrelatedness of the triune God is not self-contained but is poured out in creation, Incarnation and final fulfillment. God is overflowing love, leading humanity and all creation into the divine dance of God&#8217;s life.
You fail to mention that Polkinghorne is a Church of England clergyman who is eager to put a creationist spin on the origin of the universe.  Deal with his point!  PAY UP!  Start explaining the meaning and purpose of our creation or existence!  There is no free lunch in this Universe and the Atheist, IMO, also carries a burden to explain the time + matter + chance canard.  We are randon products of what?  Why?  Why this Universe, in this time? Why have a mind to ponder the our existance? Note, that we are the only animal to do this. I am therefore I think!  I think therefore I am!  Why?
Or we can just admit that a. There is no meaning of life b. we don't know what it is  Even the author of this quote admits "we must construct these answers ourselves". It may make you feel good about life, but I don't believe it's true.  Ravi Zacharias writes:  In his book Meaning, philosopher Michael Polanyi stated that by reducing life to atomic elements and blind forces, science has, in effect, made the pursuit of life&#8217;s meaning meaningless. Polanyi warns us that it is not for science to make this determination because scientific method can only address the question of what&#8212;nature and matter&#8212;but not why&#8212;the purpose of such matter.   And yet the stuff of reality, again, the "what," and the purpose driving reality, the "why," are inextricably bound together. Science tends to reduce all of reality to the "what"&#8212;the material. But surely only as one understands the "why" of life can the "what" be defined, for it is the "why" that provides the glue and our purpose for why we are here in the first place. Simply put, if I am an intentional creation of God, then life must be deemed sacred, for there is a built-in purpose to my existence. But if I am merely the product of time and chance, the body may be profaned, for life itself is disposable. In fact, in a naturalistic framework the words "profane" and "sacred" are only descriptive of one&#8217;s feelings of reverence or irreverence. In a world without God there is no essential meaning or sanctity to humanity.   What the brain is to the body, the mind is to the soul. Fulfillment and purpose may only be known by a mind because such experiences require that which is essentially personal: joy, love, beauty, wonder. We can move from mind to meaning but not so easily from matter to meaning.   That is why, after explaining the "what" of our universe, Stephen Hawking ends his book A Brief History of Time with these words: "Now if we only knew why, [then] we would have the mind of God."   His inescapable implication is that the answer to the final question would have to come from a mind that transcends our material universe. There is a mind beyond us which has infused our world with meaning and purpose&#8212;the mind of God. My friend, a meaningful "why" for reality can only have its source in the very mind of a personal God.
Sorry to bounce around in the Book:   You shouldn't apologize for bouncing around in the book, you should apologize for constantly using it and others instead of your own brain.   Ha!  That last line should generate some passionate Religious response from the Darwin faithful!   What's up with all the "Ha!"s anyway? You throw this condescending false laugh in every other post. Quit it already.
You shouldn't apologize for bouncing around in the book, you should apologize for constantly using it and others instead of your own brain.  This thread is about the book by the same title!  Deal with it!
O.K., much better and more logical is to cover......  I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be an Atheist - Chapter 3 "In the Beginning There Was a Great SURGE"  A continuation of my comments on Geisler and Turek's book.  This Chapter starts with Einsten and how his Theory of Relativity progressed, all the while Einstein's own "faith" is challenged.  Einstein didn't like where his calculations were leading him. If his theory of General Relativity was true, it meant that the universe was not eternal but had a beginning.  Einstein later called his discovery "irritating." He wanted the universe to be self-existant [....] In fact, Einstein so disliked the implications of General Relativity [...] that he introduced a cosmological constant (which some have since called a "fudge factor") into his equations in order to show that the universe is static and to avoid an absolute beginning.  By 1922, Russian mathematician Alexander Friedmann had officially exposed Einstein's fudge factor as an algebraic error. (Incredibly, in his quest to avoid a beginning, the great Einstein had divided by zero--something even schoolchildren know is a no-no!)  He subsequently described the cosmological constant as "the greatest blunder of my life," and he redirected his efforts to find the box top of the puzzle of life. Einstein said that he wanted "to know how God created the world. I am not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thought, the rest are details."  Now off to the Cosmological Argument proper:  In logical form, the argument goes like this: 1) Everything that had a beginning had a cause. 2) The universe had a beginning. 3) Therefore the universe had a cause.  Now for the justification of Premise 1:  Premise 1 [...] is the Law of Causality, which is the fundamental principle of science. Without the Law of Causality, science is impossible.  In fact, to deny the Law of Causality is to deny rationality. The very process of rational thinking requires us to put together thoughts (the causes) that result in conclusions (the effects). So if anyone ever tells you he doesn't believe in the Law of Causality, simply ask that person, "What caused you to come to that conclusion."  Back to Einstein:  Until about the time of Einstein, atheists could comfort themselves with the belief that the universe is eternal, and thus did not need a cause.  Next, the authors cover the Second Law of Thermodynamics:  The Second Law is also known as the Law of Entropy, which is a fancy way of saying that nature tends to bring things to disorder. That is, with time, things naturally fall apart. Your car falls apart; your house falls apart; your body falls apart. [....] But if the universe is becoming less ordered, then where did the original order come from?  "If everything is material," I asked, "then what is a scientific theory? After all, the theory about everything being material isn't material; it's not made out of molocules."  Without a moment's hesitation he quipped, "A theory is magic." "Magic?" I repeated, not really believing what I was hearing. "What's your basis for saying that?"  "Faith," he quickly replied.  "Faith in magic?" I thought to myself. "I can't believe what I'm hearing! If faith in magic is the best materialists have to offer, then I don't have enough faith to be a materialist!"  In retrospect, it seemed to me that this professor had a brief moment of complete candor. [....] In doing so, he provided another example of the will refusing to believe what the mind knows to be true, and howthe atheists' view is based on sheer faith. [....]  Since I could see the professor was not really interested in accepting the truth, I didn't ask him any more potentially humiliating questions. But since we couldn't ignore the power of the Second Law on our own bodies, we both ordered desert.  Nevertheless, we wanted to press the fact that atheists like Atkins must be able to explain how the universe began from absolutely nothing.  Next is, the Fine-Tuning argument in the area of cosmic background radiation ripples:  The ripples show that the explosion and expansion of the universe was precisely tweaked to cause just enough matter to congregate to allow galaxy formation, but not enough to cause the universe to collapse back on itself. Any slight variation one way or the other, and none of us would be here to tell about it.  Jastrow writes, "Now we see how the astronomical evidence leads to a biblical view of the origin of the world. The details differ, but the essential elements in the astronomical and biblical accounts of Genesis are the same: the chain of events leading to man commenced suddenly and sharply at a definite moment in time, in a flash of light and energy."  Therefore, there must be something outside of nature to do the job. That's exactly what the word supernatural means.
The Fine-Tuned Universe  * the delicately balanced cosmic constants in the world that make conditions "just right" for human existence ("the Goldilocks effect," astrophysicists have called it). Freeman Dyson notes: "As we look out into the Universe and identify the many accidents of physics and astronomy that have worked together for our benefit, it almost seems as if the Universe must in some sense have known that we were coming."
Earth was not specially designed for life.  One yet we have the only planet filled with Life!
How do you know? There are trillions of planets out there. We only have seen nine (maybe more, I'm not an astronomy expert.) More likely than not, some undiscovered planet has life on it.  I just don't have enough Faith to be an Atheist!  Ahhhhhhhhhhh, JUST RIGHT!  Quote:  In the late 1970s and early 1980s, Fred Hoyle discovered that an incredible fine-tuning of the nuclear ground state energies for helium, beryllium, carbon, and oxygen was necessary for any kind of life to exist. The ground state energies for these elements cannot be higher or lower with respect to each other by more than 4% without yielding a universe with insufficient oxygen or carbon for life.3 Hoyle, who has written extensively against theism4 and Christianity in particular5 nevertheless concluded on the basis of this quadruple fine-tuning that "a super-intellect has monkeyed with physics, as well as with chemistry and biology."6   In 2000, a team of astrophysicists from Austria, Germany, and Hungary demonstrated that the level of design for electromagnetism and the strong nuclear force is much greater than what physicists previously had determined.7 The team began by noting that for any kind of conceivable physical life to be possible in the universe certain minimum abundances of both the elements carbon and oxygen must exist. Next, they pointed out that the only astrophysical sources of significant quantities of carbon and oxygen are red giant stars. (Red giant stars are large stars that through nuclear fusion have consumed all of their hydrogen fuel and subsequently engage in the fusion of helium into heavier elements.)   What the astrophysical team did was to mathematically construct models of red giant stars that adopted slightly different values of the strong nuclear force and electromagnetic force constants. They discovered that tiny adjustments in the values of either of these constants imply that red giant stars would produce too little carbon, too little oxygen, or too little of both oxygen and carbon. Specifically, they determined that if the value of the coupling constant for electromagnetism were 4% smaller or 4% larger than what we observe, then life would be impossible. In the case of the coupling constant for the strong nuclear force, if it were 0.5% smaller or larger, life would be impossible.   These new limits on the strengths of the electromagnetic and strong nuclear forces provide much tighter constraints on quark masses and on the Higgs vacuum expectation value.8 Without getting into the details of what the Higgs vacuum expectation value and quarks are all about, the new limits not only demonstrate an enhanced design for the physics of stars and planets but also an enhanced mathematical design of fundamental particle physics.   3. Getting the Right Nucleons   One must monkey with the physics of the universe to get enough of the right elements for life, and further to get those elements to join together to form life molecules. One must also fine-tune the universe to get enough nucleons (protons and neutrons) to form the elements.  In the first moments after creation, the universe contained about 10 billion and 1 nucleons for every 10 billion anti-nucleons. The 10 billion anti-nucleons annihilated the 10 billion nucleons, generating an enormous amount of energy. All the galaxies and stars that make up the universe today were formed from the leftover nucleons. If the initial excess of nucleons over anti-nucleons were any smaller, there would not be enough matter for galaxies, stars, and heavy elements to form. If the excess were any greater, galaxies would form, but they would so efficiently condense and trap radiation that none of them would fragment to form stars and planets.   Source:: Click Here - More
Furthermore:  Because of Einstein's equation, E = mc2, even small changes in c, the velocity of light, lead to huge changes in E, the energy, or m, the mass. Thus, a slight change in light's velocity implies that starlight will either be too strong or too feeble for life or that stars will produce the wrong elements for life.   ...stable orbits of planets about stars and of electrons about the nuclei of atoms are only possible in a universe described by three large and rapidly expanding dimensions of space. In addition, six extremely tiny dimensions that are presently dormant but actively expanded during the first 10-43 seconds of the universe's history are critical for quantum mechanics and gravity to coexist. Therefore, physical life requires a different fine-tuning of the number of effective dimensions both in the present, namely four (three space plus one time), and in the earliest moment of the universe's existence, namely ten (nine space plus one time).
Quit thinking in reverse!  Order is defined by reality. Reality is not defined by order. All this talk of "The universe is so orderly, therefore a mind must have designed it," is cyclical, because the word "orderly" is defined by things we see in the universe.  Your faith is special! emoticon_xbouncer  Our Electrons and protons are fine-tuned and well odered!  Quote:  Molecular bonding depends on two factors, the strength of the force of electromagnetism and the ratio of the mass of the electron to the mass of the proton.   If the electromagnetic force were significantly larger, atoms would hang on to electrons so tightly no sharing of electrons with other atoms would be possible. But if the electromagnetic force were significantly weaker, atoms would not hang on to electrons at all, and again, the sharing of electrons among atoms, which makes molecules possible, would not take place. If more than just a few kinds of molecules are to exist, the electromagnetic force must be more delicately balanced yet.   The size and stability of electron orbits about the nuclei of atoms depends on the ratio of the electron mass to the proton mass. Unless this ratio is delicately balanced, the chemical bandings essential for life chemistry could never take place.
There are trillions of planets out there.  More Evidence of Fine-Tuning and ah, just the right Balance and Miraclous Order:  Quote:  "If some god-like being could be given the opportunity to plan a sequence of events with the express goal of duplicating our 'Garden of Eden,' that power would face a formidable task," declare Ward and Brownlee. "With the best intentions, but limited by natural laws and materials, it is unlikely that Earth could ever be truly replicated. Too many processes in its formation involved sheer luck . ... [T]he physical events that led to the formation and evolution of the physical Earth ... required an intricate set of nearly irreproducible circumstances."   How so? Well, if you want any kind of life on a planet, you've got to have a sun, and not just any sun will do. It has to be the right distance from the center of the galaxy. If it's too close to the star-dense center, it will likely be sterilized by a supernova, an exploding star. If it's too far away, it will be too poor in heavy elements, the building blocks of a habitable planet. Your sun will also have to have the just right mass; otherwise, the planets orbiting it will be too close or too far away to sustain life. For these and other reasons, Ward and Brownlee declare, our rare earth required a rare sun.   Shall we add the presence of Jupiter? If you don't want your planet to be bombarded by comets and asteroids, you'd better have a "sweeper." Because of its great mass, Jupiter cleans interstellar debris from our solar system. Without it, the Earth would likely be continually pummeled &#8212; and therefore lifeless. Let's also add that, if Jupiter were any closer to its sun, as other Jovian-type planets generally are, it would have crushed the Earth. Another happy accident!   We have a glimpse of how rare the conditions surrounding our planet are, but the conditions of Earth itself are rarer still. According to the authors, getting life, microbial life, might be relatively easy. Therefore, such non-complex life may very well be abundant in the universe. But complex life is both difficult to attain and maintain. To begin with, you need an atmosphere, surface water and a constant but narrow range of temperature. Attaining and maintaining these require an immensely complex dance of factors &#8212; the right amount of initial carbon available, a molten core of the right elements and temperature, the presence of a sufficient magnetic field and other factors too numerous to mention.   In addition, if you want to maintain the conditions of life over sufficiently long periods of time, say, multiple millions of years, you have to avoid all kinds of catastrophes all too common on other planets. Earth, unlike many other planets, has managed to escape such destruction.   On top of all this, we, the Earth, actually have complex life, the existence of which is far, far more unlikely than the conditions which allow it. When we string together the list of all these improbable conditions and events, the authors claim, the probability of creating a planet with complex life approaches zero.   The actual presence of Earth, given the extremely complex and interrelated conditions which allowed its birth and continuation, is near miraculous.  Science, it would seem, is leaning back toward faith: We really may be the only rational animal in the universe after all.  Source::More
How do you know? There are trillions of planets out there. We only have seen nine (maybe more, I'm not an astronomy expert.) More likely than not, some undiscovered planet has life on it.  First of all, I want to say please don't take this statement as putting me on some side with Richbee, because I'm not. Secondly, I agree with you on this statement. But For someone who glorifies rationality and logic and talks about all of the perceived weaknesses and downfalls of faith, this is a highly faith based statement. One based on no evidence whatsoever.
I'm not an expert on astronomy, and I make no authoritative claims on the subject. But it is clear that there are trillions of stars in the universe, and I think it is safe to assume that these stars have planets around them. Evidence, you see.  Trillions?  Did you count 'em?  Perhaps only Billions?  Every galaxy and star(s) or Sun is different.  As far we can discern from the facts, we are the only fined tuned "Garden of Eden".
You obviously know nothing about this equation. E=MC^2. C is a CONSTANT which is equal to the speed of light. A constant doesn't change.  And, that is the POINT!  Fine tuned and well ORDERED!  Not chaotic in this regard! Note that so many other factors, like our planets and our Earth, have a variable range of speed depending on gravity and distance from the Sun.  And you keep talking about how it's so unbelievably unlikely that Earth would have developed life by chance. Well think about it. You have trillions of stars out there with many planets orbiting around them. The probability that it would have been on Earth is low. But the probability that it would have developed on any one planet is pretty high.  Sorry, the book I quoted remarks that new calculations have changed the odds. The probability of a planet like Earth is more remote than ever believed.  In fact I still remember a quote from the movie "Contact" where she says at the end when asked if she thinks there's intelligent life somewhere: "with all the stars and planets out there, if Earth had the only intelligent life, it would be a pretty big waste of space".  So you would esteem, as a credible source, a Hollywood movie? Actually, quoting Carl Sagan, correct?  O.K., next we will flesh out the beginning of Life and discussion Darwin's theory and maybe his Religion, or certainly the Religion of Darwinism!  And, back to the Big Bang, "nothing can come from nothing"???
What you say here meets the case - but some people (eg. Richbee ??) have difficulty understanding the concept of probability.  I took many Statistics classes at University to earn a degree in Finance.  Perhaps your calculations are an attempt to fit your biased, unfounded POV?  &#8220;If the facts don&#8217;t fit the theory, change the facts&#8221; &#8211; Albert Einstein
I'm not an expert on astronomy, and I make no authoritative claims on the subject. But it is clear that there are trillions of stars in the universe, and I think it is safe to assume that these stars have planets around them. Evidence, you see.  "Safe to assume?" Maybe, but an assumption isn't evidence.
In the winter of 1998, two separate teams of astronomers in Berkeley, California, made a similar, startling discovery. They were both observing supernovae &#8212; exploding stars visible over great distances &#8212; to see how fast the universe is expanding. In accordance with prevailing scientific wisdom, the astronomers expected to find the rate of expansion to be decreasing, Instead they found it to be increasing &#8212; a discovery which has since &#8220;shaken astronomy to its core&#8221; (Astronomy, October 1999).   This discovery would have come as no surprise to Georges Lemaitre (1894-1966), a Belgian mathematician and Catholic priest who developed the theory of the Big Bang. Lemaitre described the beginning of the universe as a burst of fireworks, comparing galaxies to the burning embers spreading out in a growing sphere from the center of the burst. He believed this burst of fireworks was the beginning of time, taking place on &#8220;a day without yesterday.&#8221;  SNIP   But while Einstein imagined an unknown force &#8212; a cosmological constant &#8212; which kept the world stable, Lemaitre decided that the universe was expanding. He came to this conclusion after observing the reddish glow, known as a red shift, surrounding objects outside of our galaxy. If interpreted as a Doppler effect, this shift in color meant that the galaxies were moving away from us. Lemaitre published his calculations and his reasoning in Annales de la Societe scientifique de Bruxelles in 1927. Few people took notice. That same year he talked with Einstein in Brussels, but the latter, unimpressed, said, &#8220;Your calculations are correct, but your grasp of physics is abominable.&#8221;   It was Einstein&#8217;s own grasp of physics, however, that soon came under fire. :ahem: In 1929 Edwin Hubble&#8217;s systematic observations of other galaxies confirmed the red shift. In England the Royal Astronomical Society gathered to consider this seeming contradiction between visual observation and the theory of relativity. Sir Arthur Eddington volunteered to work out a solution. When Lemaitre read of these proceedings, he sent Eddington a copy of his 1927 paper. The British astronomer realized that Lemaitre had bridged the gap between observation and theory. At Eddington&#8217;s suggestion, the Royal Astronomical Society published an English translation of Lemaitre&#8217;s paper in its Monthly Notices of March 1931.   Most scientists who read Lemaitre&#8217;s paper accepted that the universe was expanding, at least in the present era, but they resisted the implication that the universe had a beginning. They were used to the idea that time had gone on forever. It seemed illogical that infinite millions of years had passed before the universe came into existence. Eddington himself wrote in the English journal Nature that the notion of a beginning of the world was &#8220;repugnant.&#8221;   The Belgian priest responded to Eddington with a letter published in Nature on May 9, 1931. Lemaitre suggested that the world had a definite beginning in which all its matter and energy were concentrated at one point:   If the world has begun with a single quantum, the notions of space and time would altogether fail to have any meaning at the beginning; they would only begin to have a sensible meaning when the original quantum had been divided into a sufficient number of quanta. If this suggestion is correct, the beginning of the world happened a little before the beginning of space and time.   In January 1933, both Lemaitre and Einstein traveled to California for a series of seminars. After the Belgian detailed his theory, Einstein stood up, applauded, and said, &#8220;This is the most beautiful and satisfactory explanation of creation to which I have ever listened.&#8221;   Duncan Aikman covered these seminars for the New York Times Magazine. An article about Lemaitre appeared on February 19, 1933, and featured a large photo of Einstein and Lemaitre standing side by side. The caption read, &#8220;They have a profound respect and admiration for each other.&#8221;   For his work, Lemaitre was inducted as a member of the Royal Academy of Belgium. An international commission awarded him the Francqui Prize. The archbishop of Malines, Cardinal Josef Van Roey, made Lemaitre a canon of the cathedral in 1935. The next year Pope Pius XI inducted Lemaitre into the Pontifical Academy of Science.   Despite this high praise, there were some problems with Lemaitre&#8217;s theory. For one, Lemaitre&#8217;s calculated rate of expansion did not work out. If the universe was expanding at a steady rate, the time it had taken to cover its radius was too short to allow for the formation of the stars and planets. Lemaitre solved this problem by expropriating Einstein&#8217;s cosmological constant. Where Einstein had used it in an attempt to keep the universe at a steady size, Lemaitre used it to speed up the expansion of the universe over time.   Einstein did not take kindly to Lemaitre&#8217;s use of the cosmological constant. He regarded the constant as the worst mistake of his career, and he was upset by Lemaitre&#8217;s use of his super-galactic fudge factor.   After Arthur Eddington died in 1944, Cambridge University became a center of opposition to Lemaitre&#8217;s theory of the Big Bang. In fact, it was Fred Hoyle, an astronomer at Cambridge, who sarcastically coined the term &#8220;Big Bang.&#8221; Hoyle and others favored an approach to the history of the universe known as the &#8220;Steady State&#8221; in which hydrogen atoms were continuously created and gradually coalesced into gas clouds, which then formed stars.  Source: &#8220;&#8216;A Day Without Yesterday&#8217;: Georges Lemaitre & the Big Bang.&#8221; - Click Here
[/color][/size] so how exactly is observing supernovae seeing how fast the UNIVERSE is expanding?  The purpose of that was to provide background information about the evolving beliefs of Einstein.  The significance of an expanding Universe, is that our Universe has a beginning. "In the beginning God..."  Got it?  This is a discussion based on the Book by the same title and we just covered Chapter 3, and how a Catholic Priest taught Einstein a few lessons!
[/color][/size]It's important to have sources to back up what you say, but you should decide for yourself what you believe based on both sides,   Zac'  That is the whole point of discussing the book, I am one Theist, and we might have five or six Atheists on the other side!  I do read all POV's  Now, let's review!  I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be an Atheist - Chapter 3 "In the Beginning There Was a Great SURGE"  A continuation of my comments on Geisler and Turek's book.  This Chapter starts with Einsten and how his Theory of Relativity progressed, all the while Einstein's own "faith" is challenged.  Einstein didn't like where his calculations were leading him. If his theory of General Relativity was true, it meant that the universe was not eternal but had a beginning.  Einstein later called his discovery "irritating." He wanted the universe to be self-existant [....] In fact, Einstein so disliked the implications of General Relativity [...] that he introduced a cosmological constant (which some have since called a "fudge factor") into his equations in order to show that the universe is static and to avoid an absolute beginning.  By 1922, Russian mathematician Alexander Friedmann had officially exposed Einstein's fudge factor as an algebraic error. (Incredibly, in his quest to avoid a beginning, the great Einstein had divided by zero--something even schoolchildren know is a no-no!)  He subsequently described the cosmological constant as "the greatest blunder of my life," and he redirected his efforts to find the box top of the puzzle of life. Einstein said that he wanted "to know how God created the world. I am not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thought, the rest are details."  Now off to the Cosmological Argument proper:  In logical form, the argument goes like this: 1) Everything that had a beginning had a cause. 2) The universe had a beginning. 3) Therefore the universe had a cause.  Now for the justification of Premise 1:  Premise 1 [...] is the Law of Causality, which is the fundamental principle of science. Without the Law of Causality, science is impossible.  In fact, to deny the Law of Causality is to deny rationality. The very process of rational thinking requires us to put together thoughts (the causes) that result in conclusions (the effects). So if anyone ever tells you he doesn't believe in the Law of Causality, simply ask that person, "What caused you to come to that conclusion."  Back to Einstein:  Until about the time of Einstein, atheists could comfort themselves with the belief that the universe is eternal, and thus did not need a cause.  Next, the authors cover the Second Law of Thermodynamics:  The Second Law is also known as the Law of Entropy, which is a fancy way of saying that nature tends to bring things to disorder. That is, with time, things naturally fall apart. Your car falls apart; your house falls apart; your body falls apart. [....] But if the universe is becoming less ordered, then where did the original order come from?  "If everything is material," I asked, "then what is a scientific theory? After all, the theory about everything being material isn't material; it's not made out of molocules."  Without a moment's hesitation he quipped, "A theory is magic." "Magic?" I repeated, not really believing what I was hearing. "What's your basis for saying that?"  "Faith," he quickly replied.  "Faith in magic?" I thought to myself. "I can't believe what I'm hearing! If faith in magic is the best materialists have to offer, then I don't have enough faith to be a materialist!"  In retrospect, it seemed to me that this professor had a brief moment of complete candor. [....] In doing so, he provided another example of the will refusing to believe what the mind knows to be true, and howthe atheists' view is based on sheer faith. [....]  Since I could see the professor was not really interested in accepting the truth, I didn't ask him any more potentially humiliating questions. But since we couldn't ignore the power of the Second Law on our own bodies, we both ordered desert.  Nevertheless, we wanted to press the fact that atheists like Atkins must be able to explain how the universe began from absolutely nothing.  Next is, the Fine-Tuning argument in the area of cosmic background radiation ripples:  The ripples show that the explosion and expansion of the universe was precisely tweaked to cause just enough matter to congregate to allow galaxy formation, but not enough to cause the universe to collapse back on itself. Any slight variation one way or the other, and none of us would be here to tell about it.  Jastrow writes, "Now we see how the astronomical evidence leads to a biblical view of the origin of the world. The details differ, but the essential elements in the astronomical and biblical accounts of Genesis are the same: the chain of events leading to man commenced suddenly and sharply at a definite moment in time, in a flash of light and energy."  Therefore, there must be something outside of nature to do the job. That's exactly what the word supernatural means.  Hmmmm
I'm curious where the theory of relativity has to do with the universe expanding.  I already posted, where, early in the evolution of Einstein's thinking and belief, he posited a static and ever existent universe.  An expanding Universe, as I understand it, refuted this, and revealed a "beginning", later called the Big Bang.  And a cause doesn't mean an intelligent being created it.  I believe that our Universe makes more sense, with cause, meaning and purpose if created by God.  Quote:  God provides the best explanation of why the universe exists rather than nothing.   Have you ever asked yourself why anything at all exists, or where the universe came from?  Typically, atheists have said that the universe is just eternal, and that&#8217;s all. But surely this is unreasonable. Just think about it for a minute.  If the universe never had a beginning, then that means that the number of past events is infinite. But mathematicians recognize that the notion of an actually infinite number of things leads to self-contradictions unless you impose some wholly arbitrary rules to prevent this. For example, what is infinity minus infinity? Well, mathematically you get self-contradictory answers. This shows that infinity is just an idea in your mind, not something that exists in reality.  David Hilbert, perhaps the greatest mathematician in this century, states, The infinite is nowhere to be found in reality. It neither exists in nature, nor provides a legitimate basis for rational thought. ... The role that remains for the infinite to play is solely that of an idea. But that entails that since past events are not just ideas but are real, the number of past events must be finite. Therefore the series of past events cannot go back forever; rather the universe must have begun to exist.  This conclusion has been confirmed by remarkable discoveries in astronomy and astrophysics. The astrophysical evidence indicates that the universe began to exist in a great explosion called the Big Bang about fifteen billion years ago. Physical space and time were created in that event, as well as all the matter and energy in the universe.  Therefore, as the Cambridge astronomer Fred Hoyle points out, the Big Bang Theory requires the creation of the universe from nothing. This is because as one goes back in time he reaches a point at which, in Hoyle&#8217;s words; the universe was "shrunk down to nothing at all." Thus what the Big Bang model requires is that the universe began to exist and was created out of nothing.  Now this tends to be very awkward for the atheist thinker. For as Anthony Kenny of Oxford University says,  "A proponent of the [Big Bang] theory, at least if he is an atheist, must believe that ... the universe came from nothing and by nothing."  ...but that&#8217;s a pretty hard pill to swallow. Out of nothing, nothing comes. So where did the universe come from? Why does it exist instead of just nothing? There must have been a cause which brought the universe into being. And from the very nature of the case, this cause must be an uncaused, changeless, timeless, and immaterial being which created the universe.  Isn't it incredible that the Big Bang theory thus confirms what the Christian theist has always believed, that in the beginning, god created the universe?  Now, I simply put it to you: Which do you think is more probable, that the Christian theist is right, or that the universe just popped into existence uncaused out of nothing? I, at least, don't have any problem assessing these probabilities.  A Classic Debate on the Existence of God - By William Craig
Your are, very strictly speaking, correct. It's not impossible that life on this earth is unique in the universe. Arguments to the contrary, in the absence of verifiable evidence, are based on inferences from probability. The very large numbers involved (of galaxies, stars, etc.) is the premise from which this argument is developed.  And, with so much FAITH by Atheists!
I posted:  Without thinking the non-existent, and unthinkable God, please solve the seven (7) riddles of the universe which Emil Du Bois-Reymond had enumerated in his 1880 address to the Berlin Academy of Sciences:   1) the nature of matter and force;  2) the origin of motion;  3) the origin of life;  4) the order in nature;  5) the origin of simple sensation and consciousness;  6) rational thought and speech;  and   7) freedom of the will.  Thank you and you replied:  Quantum physics   Quantum mechanics  Ah, but how do you, as an example in within an Atheistic framework, account for the first motion? Or, first Matter? Big Bang?  Please note that I submit that the Atheist also has a burden of proof explaining the origin of our Universe.  I cannot prove God directly, but Thomas Aquinas goes a long way indirectly.  And, I submit that Theism offers better answers to the most intractable questions of our Universe!  God has the answers to the seven riddles!   Saint Thomas has four versions of this basic argument.     First, he argues that the chain of movers must have a first mover because nothing can move itself. (Moving here refers to any kind of change, not just change of place.) If the whole chain of moving things had no first mover, it could not now be moving, as it is. If there were an infinite regress of movers with no first mover, no motion could ever begin, and if it never began, it could not go on and exist now. But it does go on, it does exist now. Therefore it began, and therefore there is a first mover.   Second, he expands the proof from proving a cause of motion to proving a cause of existence, or efficient cause. He argues that if there were no first efficient cause, or cause of the universe's coming into being, then there could be no second causes because second causes (i.e., caused causes) are dependent on (i.e., caused by) a first cause (i.e., an uncaused cause). But there are second causes all around us. Therefore there must be a first cause.   Third, he argues that if there were no eternal, necessary, and immortal being, if everything had a possibility of not being, of ceasing to be, then eventually this possibility of ceasing to be would be realized for everything. In other words, if everything could die, then, given infinite time, everything would eventually die. But in that case nothing could start up again. We would have universal death, for a being that has ceased to exist cannot cause itself or anything else to begin to exist again. And if there is no God, then there must have been infinite time, the universe must have been here always, with no beginning, no first cause. But this universal death has not happened; things do exist! Therefore there must be a necessary being that cannot not be, cannot possibly cease to be. That is a description of God.   Fourth, there must also be a first cause of perfection or goodness or value. We rank things as more or less perfect or good or valuable. Unless this ranking is false and meaningless, unless souls don't really have any more perfection than slugs, there must be a real standard of perfection to make such a hierarchy possible, for a thing is ranked higher on the hierarchy of perfection only insofar as it is closer to the standard, the ideal, the most perfect. Unless there is a most-perfect being to be that real standard of perfection, all our value judgments are meaningless and impossible. Such a most-perfect being, or real ideal standard of perfection, is another description of God.  Chemistry and physics   Geology, Botany, Zoology(all human constructs btw)   Chemistry and Biological evolution.   Evolution.   Evolution.  I'm no scientist so forgive my simple understanding and possible error in terminology.  Outstanding, and we are almost ready to jump into the next Chapter, the beginnning of Life.
And my favorite quote of a dead man in this bunch: "The United States of America should have a foundation free from the influence of clergy." --George Washington   GW's best friend was an Angelican Pastor, and literally, the last evening of entertainment over dinner was a Party of Four, the Pastor or Clergy, with their wives. GW made a gift of his Bible to the Pastor, and of the Church where GW attended in Alexandria. A few days after this dinner and council with the Pastor, GW died.  BTW, and quite obviously, we say and write a great many things that are contradictory, and clearly this is the case with Thomas Jefferson and even Thomas Paine - a Deist.  Always keep in mind with the FF's, that many were, like Jefferson, Anti-Catholic and totally against one single State sponsored and financed demonination. So all FF's feared a clergy or Preisthood that held to much power, as was the case in France.  "Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence."  (John Adams, A Biography In His Own Words, ed. James Bishop Peabody (New York: Newsweek, 1973), 121-122.)  I should start thread called:  Faith and Freedom in America - Click and Learn
Thomas Aquinas' conclusions are not the only ones reachable.  Again, I have no direct proof to post here on this thread.  I offer a most resonable indirect proof, and again, I assert that God explains our most intractable puzzles or riddles of creation and our beginning.  With God there is meaning, purpose and LOVE!  I don't believe that any Atheist, or Philosophical Naturalist had a satisfactory retort for the Anthropic Principle?  The universe seems to have been specially designed from the beginning for human life to evolve. If the temperature of the primal fireball that resulted from the Big Bang some fifteen to twenty billion years ago, which was the beginning of our universe, had been a trillionth of a degree colder or hotter, the carbon molecule that is the foundation of all organic life could never have developed. The number of possible universes is trillions of trillions; only one of them could support human life: this one.   Sounds suspiciously like a plot. If the cosmic rays had bombarded the primordial slime at a slightly different angle or time or intensity, the hemoglobin molecule, necessary for all warm-blooded animals, could never have evolved. The chance of this molecule's evolving is something like one in a trillion trillion.   There are relatively few atheists among neurologists and brain surgeons and among astrophysicists, but many among psychologists, sociologists, [anthropologists] and historians. The reason seems obvious: the first study divine design, the second study human undesign.
Unless movement has always existed with no beginning and no "mover".   Unless the "universe" has always existed and was never "caused". Cause and effect can be an infinite string.  Yes, yes, and next you will argue against the Big Bang? Please post your theory, and display your FAITH!
Well, IMO, the Atheists have crashed on the rocks of Reality!  An estimated 50 billion galaxies are visible to modern telescopes. Our own galaxy, the Milky Way, contains hundreds of billions of stars broadly similar to our Sun.   There is already quite a lot of indirect evidence of planets orbiting some stars at distances that would (or might) allow a form of life to evolve there. The proposition that life is not unique to this earth is based on probability. It is not impossible, but very, very unlikely that in the billions of possibilities only one place in the entire universe has produced the necessary and sufficient conditions for life to become established.  I know this 2 cent's worth will make no difference to your fantasy about the origin of the cosmos, but I thought it worth posting anyway.  Au Contraire! :)  Let's play out the odds!  Quoting from a Classic - God Exists debate, and quoting William Craig:  God provides the best explanation for the complex order in the universe.  During the last thirty years, scientists have discovered that the existence of intelligent life depends upon a complex and delicate balance of initial conditions that are simply given in the Big Bang itself. We now know that life-prohibiting universes are vastly more probable than life-permitting universes like ours.  How much more probable?  Before I share with you an estimation, let me just give you some numbers to give you a feel for the odds. The number of seconds in the history of the universe is about 10^18, ten followed by eighteen zeros. The number of subatomic particles in the entire universe is said to be about 10^80 .  Now with those numbers in mind consider the following: Donald Page, one of America's eminent cosmologists, has calculated the odds of our universe existing as one chance out of ten to the power of ten to the one hundred and twenty-fourth power ---a number which is so inconceivable that to call it astronomical would be a wild understatement.  [Page's estimation is to be found in L. Stafford Betty and Bruce Cordell, "God and Modern Science: New Life for the Teleological Argument"' International Philosophical Quarterly 27 (1987): 416. In fact, as Page explained to me in personal conversation, Betty and Cordell get the number too low, misinterpreting 10^10(124) to mean (10^10)124, when in fact Page calculated 10(10(124)), an incomprehensibly huge number.]  Robert Jastrow, the head of NASA&#8217;s Goddard Institute of Space Studies, has called this the most powerful evidence for the existence of God ever to come out of science.  [Robert Jastrow, "The Astronomer and God," in The Intellectuals Speak Out About God, ed. Roy Abraham Varghese (Chicago: Regenery Gateway, 1984), p. 22.]  Once again the view that the Christian theist has always held, that there is an intelligent designer of the universe, seems to be much more plausible than the atheistic interpretation.
I would like to stop and ask if someone can post the building blocks of life and the first life creature?  What was the first one celled living organism?  Without God, as creator and designer, did the building blocks come together?  Please note, I want to be fair, so pick yourselves up off the floor and wipe off the blood, have a cool drink of water, that off course tastes so good because of GOD!  And, let's get on with the show!
How you claim victory without actually engaging in debate is beyond me.  Just look at the title of the thread!  I like to start with the bone crushing refutation first and then watch for the Athesitic nihilistic whining of the "faithful" to follow.  Were you going to prove our Big Bang, expanding Universe, without God?  Where would the purpose be, the meaning? Why Life? Why Humans?  Are you ready for LIFE?  Look, even if you can't explain the random out come for the building blocks of Life, we could move along to the next chapter! :)
What was that, I can't hear you?
Your are, very strictly speaking, correct. It's not impossible that life on this earth is unique in the universe. Arguments to the contrary, in the absence of verifiable evidence, are based on inferences from probability. The very large numbers involved (of galaxies, stars, etc.) is the premise from which this argument is developed.  Yes, I understand that, and I'm with that. I was just trying to make a point to Dzeron.
O.K. folks, we should move beyond Einstein, the Big Bang, and First Cause with most excellent Fine-Tuning to......  Chapter 5 "The First Life: Natural Law or Divine Awe?"  A continuation of my comments on Geisler and Turek's book.  Naturalistic evolutionists claim that this one-celled amoeba (or something like it) came together by spontaneous generation (i.e., without intelligent intervention) in a warm little pond somewhere on the very early earth. According to their theory, all biological life has evolved from that first amoeba without any intelligent guidance at all. This, of course, is the theory of macroevolution: from the infantile, to the reptile, to the Gentile; or, from the goo to you via the zoo.  Even back in High School, I remeber kids rolling their eyes at our Biology teacher. Who really ever believed the warm pool of chemicals theory?  Believers in this theory of origin are called by many names: naturalistic evolutionists, materialists, humanists, atheists, and Darwinists (in the remainder of this chapter and the next, we'll refer to believers in this atheistic evolutionary theory as Darwinists or atheists. This does not include those who believe in theistic evolution--i.e., that evolution was guided by God.)  Forget the Darwinist assertions about men descending from apes or birds evolving from reptiles. The supreme problem for Darwinists is not explaining how all life forms are related [....] The supreme problem for Darwinists is explaining the origin of the first life. For unguided, naturalistic macroevolution to be true, the first life must have generated spontaneously from nonliving chemicals.  The incredible specified complexity of life becomes obvious when one considers the message found in the DNA of a one-celled amoeba (a creature so small, several hundred could be lined up in an inch). Staunch Darwinist Richard Dawkins, professor of zoology at Oxford University, admits that the message found in just the cell nucleus of a tiny amoeba is more than all thirty volumes of the Encyclopedia Britannica combined, and the entire amoeba has as much information in its DNA as 1,000 complete sets of the Encyclopedia Britannica! In other words, if you were to spell out all of the A, T, C, and G in the "unjustly called 'primitive' amoeba" (as Dawkins describes it), the letters would fill 1,000 complete sets of an encyclopedia! [....]  So here's the key question for Darwinists like Dawkins: if simple messages such as "Take out the garbage--Mom," [...] require an intelligent being, then why doesn't a message 1,000 encyclopedias long require one?  [...] when we look at the first one-celled life, the Principle of Uniformity tells us that only an intelligent cause could assemble the equivalent of 1,000 encyclopedias.  "Not so fast!" say the Darwinists. "You've overlooked time and chance as plausible explanations for how life spontaneously generated." [....]  You say, maybe natural laws would do it if we gave them billions of years. No, they wouldn't. Why? Because nature disorders, it doesn't organize things (the fact that nature brings toward disorder is another aspect of the Second Law of Thermodynamics). more time will make things worse for the Darwinists, not better.   How so?  Let's suppose you throw red, white, and blue confetti out of an airplane 1,000 feet above your house. What's the chance it's going to form the American flag on your front lawn? Very low. Why? Because natural laws mix up or randomize the confetti. You say, "Allow more time." Okay, let's take the plane up to 10,000 feet to give natural laws more time to work on the confetti. Does this improve the probability that the flag will form on your lawn? No, more time actually makes the flag less likely because natural laws have longer to do what they do--disorder and randomize.  [Go on, get back up in that plane and throw that confetti 10 times, a hundred times!]  That probability is virtually zero. But we believe the probability is actually zero. Why? Because "chance" is not a cause. Chance is a word that we use to describe mathematical possibilities. It has no power of its own. Chance is nothing. It's what rocks dream about. [Nothing is what rocks dream about - Plato]  If someone flips a fair coin, what's the chance it will come up heads? Fifty percent, we say. Yes, but what causes it to come up heads? Is it chance? No, the primary cause is an intelligent being who decided to flip the coin and apply so much force in doing so. Secondary causes, such as the physical forces of wind and gravity, also impact the result of the flip. If we knew all those variables, we could calculate how the flip would turn out beforehand. But since we don't know those variables, we use the word "chance" to cover our ignorance.  We shouldn't allow atheists to cover their ignorance with the word "chance." If they don't know a natural mechanism by which the first life could have come into existence, then they should admit they don't know rather than suggesting a powerless word that, of course, really isn't a cause at all. "Chance" is just another example of bad science practiced by Darwinists.  Ha!  That last line should generate some passionate Religious response from the Darwin faithful!
A little thin on "my comments" don't you think?  Let me guess, you didn't go to high school in a city?  At one time, this was my favorite subject and I scored 98 in freshman Bio at University.  SIGH  Those were the days, and now? "Don't know much about Biology...."  Now there is a fascinating dimension of the debate, what if we throw in Theistic Evolutionists? There is a famous one from Brown University, and he claims that there is no conflict between Religion and Evolution!?  DNA  There is a problem here, with the origin of life, specifically of DNA (we could also mention the problem of assembling the first cell, one strand of DNA will not work on its own).  Now if one strand of DNA, for the simplest form of life known, is 1000 volumes of an encyclopedia, then we have a fundamental problem with saying this came about by chance. The probabilities are so small they are off the scale, and send most calculators into melt-down!  Go calculate that one!  emoticon_xbouncer
The "Big Bang" is a theory.   Yes, and a probable fact that agrees with the Biblical account.  In the beginning God!  Nothing comes out of Nothing, and the Atheist has a problem with this Metaphysical Law.  All scientific "proofs" exclude God from the equation.  Thus the debate is rigged!
Metaphysical Law? Now you're just wingin' it. Better get back to pasting.  That was in one of my previous posts.  Atheists have a serious problem withthe Big Bang, and resisted the idea.  Quite obviously, because it points to God.  BTW, I don't buy the material as coming from a previous "Big Crunch"  Once again, I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH FAITH TO BE AN ATHEIST!
I won't pretend to be rich in DNA....knowledge.  But, I do believe in calling in Resources!  DNA, Design and the Origin of Life  Charles B. Thaxton, Ph.D.   Conclusion  Darwin convinced many of the leading intellectuals in his time that design in the world is only apparent, that it is the result of natural causes. Now, however, the situation has taken a dramatic turn, though few have recognized its significance. The elucidation of DNA and unravelling the secrets of the genetic code have opened again the possibility of seeing true design in the universe.
It isnt random. Not all combinations exist. That's like saying if i put a bunch of H and a bunch of O's together, there should be thousands of different molecules created, and only one would be H2O.  SO, do NOT claim that DNA must have an intelligent creator because it cannot be random, because science does not claim its structure was the result of random creation. Its structure and creation exists because of chemistry and the properties of the atoms that create it.  Well, you get busy in the Lab and don't come back until you duplicate the randon event that some say started life! (Without God, what would be the meaning and purpose of DNA? Why would life be the next step?) There must have been first one and then two DNA strands, No?  Oh, and if you could build one, YOU WOULD BE THE DESIGNER! (with a purpose)  Imagine that, created in the likeness of God, and creating DNA!  Next, work on just one cell, or build us a bacteria, or a designer Amoeba!
It is man who assigns meaning and gives purpose. What is the meaning and purpose of a sunset, waterfall or mountain?  If Philosophical Naturalism were true, why would our World be beautiful in the first place?  Why do some like poems or write poems? Just rhyming sublime in rhthym to the meter and cadence of our DNA?    The Sun  Have you ever seen  anything  in your life  more wonderful   than the way the sun,  every evening,  relaxed and easy,  floats toward the horizon   and into the clouds or the hills,  or the rumpled sea,  and is gone--  and how it slides again   out of the blackness,  every morning,  on the other side of the world,  like a red flower   streaming upward on its heavenly oils,  say, on a morning in early summer,  at its perfect imperial distance--  and have you ever felt for anything  such wild love--  do you think there is anywhere, in any language,  a word billowing enough  for the pleasure   that fills you,  as the sun  reaches out,  as it warms you   as you stand there,  empty-handed--  or have you too  turned from this world--   or have you too  gone crazy  for power,  for things?  By Mary Oliver
What is the meaning and purpose of a .....waterfall or mountain?    High Mountain Waterfalls  High mountain streams make  the best waterfalls   Cool cascading water falling  down   rushing, roaring, pouring  down   quick quick Rush   quick quick Roar  rhythmic waves step stepping  down   syncopated splashes pulsating  down  falling becomes flowing  overflowing a shallow pool   tranquil, serene, so pristine  nature's resplendent hope singing in transcendent glory  By Richbee
Bravo, finally something original. You'll notice that you dealt with what it "is" and what it "does" but not its meaning or purpose.  Well, what do you suppose that "transcendent glory" might be?  The goal of poetry is to leave gaps and holes and to let the reader fill in the blanks.  I wrote that for a neopagan Lady dancer and a very sexy one at that. Note, the dancing reference, "quick quick" and "step stepping".  I have had Buddhists enjoy my poem.  In truth, I wrote that in July and I had the notion of cleansing in mind, like a Baptism, or a Jewish Mikveh. Also, in Buddhism, the foot of a waterfall is sacred.  And, of couse in Islam, or the desert water is precious.  For all people the sound of falling water is peaceful, and serene.  Do you want to SEE my Waterfall?
Darwin was correct and the truth of his statement has not changed. The thoughts of Creationists such as Thaxton change nothing. It is Thaxton who suggests a "dramatic turn" not the scientific community at large.  Is Science just observering?  What about the Religion or the Church of Darwinism?
Ok, one established thing that most creationist forget is that all sciences are related.  So, when talking about the "randomness of DNA", i have to say this.  The reason DNA is how it is is because of the elements it is composed of (Namely N, H, C, and a Phosphate group (PO4 -3)). The reason the N's and the C's hook up the way they do is because of another science, chemistry.  Not all atoms are stable. The most stable of atoms are the noble gasses, which have totally filled valence shells. However, unstable atoms play a little trick. They bind with other atoms and share/distribute electrons so that they can have a completely filled valence shell.  Each nucleotide (the building block of DNA) is made up of three parts. A phosphate group, a nitrogenous base, and a pentose sugar.  Each of these parts exist because of their stability. For instance, the pentose sugar is made up of five carbons, an oxygen (four C's and 1 O form a ring, and the other C is attached to the number 1 carbon), and many H's. When hooking up C's and O's, there are only certain possibilities that can be created with a fixed amount of energy.  So, each of the parts that make up a nucleotide exists because that is a stable configuration.  It isnt random. Not all combinations exist. That's like saying if i put a bunch of H and a bunch of O's together, there should be thousands of different molecules created, and only one would be H2O.  SO, do NOT claim that DNA must have an intelligent creator because it cannot be random, because science does not claim its structure was the result of random creation. Its structure and creation exists because of chemistry and the properties of the atoms that create it.  You posted volumes of TRUTH Bro'  Outstanding, it isn't random! It's chemistry but based first on the fine-tuned balance of the atoms - electrons, protons and neutrons!  A fine-tuning that could never have been the result of time + matter + chance.  I covered this, but it bears repeating, so that I can refer back to this post:  Quote:  Getting the Right Molecules:  For life to be possible, more than forty different elements must be able to bond together to form molecules. Molecular bonding depends on two factors, the strength of the force of electromagnetism and the ratio of the mass of the electron to the mass of the proton.   If the electromagnetic force were significantly larger, atoms would hang on to electrons so tightly no sharing of electrons with other atoms would be possible. But if the electromagnetic force were significantly weaker, atoms would not hang on to electrons at all, and again, the sharing of electrons among atoms, which makes molecules possible, would not take place. If more than just a few kinds of molecules are to exist, the electromagnetic force must be more delicately balanced yet.   The size and stability of electron orbits about the nuclei of atoms depends on the ratio of the electron mass to the proton mass. Unless this ratio is delicately balanced, the chemical bandings essential for life chemistry could never take place.   Getting the Right Atoms  Life molecules cannot result unless sufficient quantities of the elements essential for life are available, which means atoms of various sizes must be able to form. For that to happen, a delicate balance must exist among the constants of physics which govern the strong and weak nuclear forces, gravity, and the nuclear ground state energies (quantum energy levels important for the forming of elements from protons and neutrons) for several key elements.   (SNIP)...At whatever level we examine the building blocks of life-electrons, nucleons, atoms, or molecules-the physics of the universe must be very meticulously fine-tuned. The universe must be exactingly constructed to create the necessary electrons. It must be exquisitely crafted to produce the protons and neutrons required. It must be carefully fabricated to obtain the needed atoms. Unless it is skillfully fashioned, the atoms will not be able to assemble into complex enough molecules. Such precise balancing of all these factors is truly beyond our ability to comprehend. Yet with the measuring of the universe, even more astounding facts become apparent.[INDENT]  A "Just Right" Universe - Click Here
It's not. Beauty exists only in the mind of man.  Again, I would assert that Scientific Materialism, or Philosophic Naturalism and Evolution just can't account for the refined consciousness, and the ability to reflect on beauty or appreciate a poem. Even if it is free verse. (Robert Frost said, writing in free verse in like playing tennis with the net down.)  Let me repeat a few challenges for atheists!  Belief in God answers life's most intractable questions, puzzles and riddles!  Our minds were created to comprehend God, and Nature is an indirect means to see God revealed!  And, with our senses and our minds! Consider:  The fact of consciousness/subjectivity, intentionality, and various mental properties:   * Thomas Nagel writes, "Consciousness is what makes the mind-body problem really intractable."   * John Searle notes that "the leading problem in the biological sciences is the problem of explaining how neurobiological processes cause conscious experiences."   Moving from purely naturalistic, unconscious processes to the existence of consciousness appears to require a much greater leap than consciousness&#8217; deriving from an ultimate, conscious Being - God!  Re: Moss Glenn Falls:  * the existence of non-utilitarian beauty, which seems to be better explained by theism than by metaphysical naturalism. We could more easily expect "useless" beauty if God exists than if he does not.   Ha! Useless beauty, like my poem?
He means the waterfall itself, not your poem about it -what is its point.  People enjoy your poem, and the sight of the waterfall- yet where do you justify that the river in question was designed to be enjoyed by observers or poets and their readers?  Water: why does water cover 75% of the earth? Water is a key building block of life. Our tears have the same salt level as the ocean!  Think of the three is one nature of H2O, ice, water, vapor.  When you approach Moss Glenn Falls, all your senses come alive! You hear the falls, the feel the rhthym of the water, you can taste and touch or feel the humidity in the air. (at least in summer) In Winter for some it is more glorious as an ice shell forms with the water running under) on the bed rock of ganite formed thousands of years ago.  And, isn't it amazing, with the innovation and creation of the internet, you have already seen with your eyes, yet oh so short of it's transcendent glory.   Look up the meaning of: transcendentalism!
Shame to follow "bro's" truth with more of your parroted claptrap.  While we discuss Physics, Chemistry and Organic Chemistry an appeal to subject matter experts is required and an outstanding purpose of this discussion is to LEARN!  Why be so closed-minded to the truth of our fine-tuned and well balanced World?  If Macro-evolution were true, I would expect to see continuing evidence of this all the time and we should find fossils of intermediate forms, and more and more species as evolution expands.  But, of course, Atheists can't get past the basics, the building blocks of life, and Naturalism can't explain life at the ATOMIC level, let alone at the single cells YEAST or AMOEBA level!
In Germany, a research team used the new instruments to examine an enormous molecule, the yeast 26S proteasome. (Michael Groll et al, "Structure of 20S Proteasome from Yeast at 2.4 A Resolution," Nature, 386 (1997), pp. 463-471.)  Though not the largest molecule in existence, the yeast 26S proteasome contains over two million protons and neutrons and is the largest non-symmetrical molecule mapped to date. This molecule can only be described as a "wonder." It serves as an intracellular waste-disposal and recycling system. Tiny molecules within the proteasome attach markers (called ubiquitin) to waste material (apparently the cell&#8217;s command center informs the marker molecules which proteins are ready for disposal). Since these ready-for-disposal proteins resemble tangled balls of yarn, the first job of the 26S proteasome, after identifying a tagged protein, is to unfold, untwist, and unravel it. This function is performed by an apparatus at each end of the proteasome.  Once the targeted protein is straightened out, the proteasome drags it into its core and cuts the protein into segments. These segments are precisely measured by a "ruler" inside the proteasome. The cut-up pieces are then ejected from the proteasome, and a "sanitation" fleet (other proteins) drives by to pick them up and sort them, separating the stuff that can be reused from the stuff that cannot.  The complexity of such systems&#8212;and these are just two of many&#8212;within both the tiny enzyme and the huge yeast reflect a mind-boggling quantity, not to mention quality, of information.   Where did that information come from?   Who structured these molecules and taught them to perform their functions?  Did blind chance and random process?   Are they simply self-programmed?   Does anything in reality self-program without intelligent input?  I see these discoveries as a formidable challenge to the assumption that life arose on its own over a few million years. Perhaps at least some scientists will be prompted by the new data to reconsider their conclusion, to accept the possibility&#8212;more accurately, the probability&#8212;that living molecules and all living creatures evidence the matchless brilliance and power of a Supreme Creator.  (Dr, Hugh Ross)
Chapter 6 - Darwin and Evolution  Who would like to lead in with an example of evolution?  Perhaps a creature that crawls out of the sea? Or, would anyone prefer to jumb to a fury air-breathing creature? Reptiles to rats, or mice?  Keep in mind, we never addressed the possibility of Thesitic Evolution!? Micro Vs. Macro.
Excellent, Richbee.   Now, many atheists claim that whatever energy / matter there is has always existed. At the same time they say the universe had a beginning (the "Big Bang"). Which is it? Sounds like double-talk to me.  I just received my book, "I don't have enough faith to be an atheist," by Norman Geisler, and it is a powerful lesson in logic, theistic evidences, and philosophy. I especially love his "Roadrunner" rebuttals to humanistic thinking. It's a howler!
I agree that it is miraculous that atoms exist the way they do. But it doesn't mean they have a creator.  Imagine this: When the Big Bang occured, there were tons and tons of different types of atoms. Some had a greater electromagnetic force, some had a lesser one. The one with a greater force quickly collapsed into themselves, destroying the nucleus and expelling great amounts of energy. The atoms that had a lesser electromagnetic force quickly lost their electrons, and thus lost stability and broke apart.   Therefore, the only atoms that were left are those atoms that had the correct electromagnetic force. And those are the atoms we see today.  There. An explanation of the existence of our atoms w/o a God.  Elements do not exist for the sole purpose of creating life. Life is the result of what was "lying around".  O.K. thanks!  You have amazing FAITH!  There are over 41 elements required for Life, so how did just the right matter start "lying around" on just the right Earth with just the right Star or Sun, etc???  What if we were missing Oxygen or Carbon? Or, Iron? Or, zinc? Copper? (I'm trying to remember all the trace elements in the human body)  BTW, you forgot about my yeast molecule - an near record! Time + Matter + Chance?
Sounds rhetorical. Are you here to sway with rhetoric and denial or are you here to "debate" and arrive at a logical conclusion? I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you're hear to acquire knowledge.  Indeed. Yet another problem that exists with a non-Biblical view of the universe is that of entropy. If some claim that the matter and energy in our universe has always existed, then they have a big problem. In short, the universe is "winding down". Our collegiate textbook, "Biology - the Unity and Diversity of Life" (Starr) states, and I'm paraphrasing, "(because of entropy) eventually, energy conversions will cease to occur, and the mean temperature of the universe will approach absolute zero." Now some say that the earth is an open system and, as such, entropy does not occur here. However, theoretically, the universe as a whole is a closed system. So if the matter and energy of the universe is infinitely old (existed in some form before the Big Bang), then total entropy would have already occurred by now in eons past. Therefore, the universe, and matter and energy, must have had a beginning.
Because richbee doesn't know everything, he therefore knows an unknowable god exists   My God, sent his only begotten Son - Jesus Christ who is very knowable!  In fact you can know God, anytime you are ready to humble yourself to God. (I know that one will be a stumbling block until _____)  who created everything, including babies with terminal brain cancer who know nothing more than pain for their short, pitiful lives.  But we LOVE these babies, unlike the pagans of old, or the Nazis you just exposed these babies or killed them.  God is infinite and of infinite value, we are created in God's image, so that every single baby born any where on Earth, under any circumstance or handicap is of great value and deserving of Love, dignity and LIFE!  Live and let live, and post on!  Go start your own thread!
We don't know if the universe is a closed system. Even if it is, that doesn't preclude a cyclical nature of Bang/Crunch/Bang or Hot/Cold/Hot. We just don't know yet.  HOT!  Some like it HOT, and in this case the Universe is HOT! (and expanding, therefore HOT)  HOT!  I am so convinced, that in discovering Einstein's attitude to a decided beginning, and the fact that this so irritated him, that this where we Theists have the Atheists as cosmic meat for the Big Bang grill of Apologetics!  I need another new thread, because the book pages are turning toward chapter 6!  Between you and me, I'm bored of the Darwinian debate. However, peace might be found by all sides in Ken Miller, of Brown University, a Christian Evolutionists! A paradox or contradiction of terms? Oh My!
That is far more humbling than some arrogant beleif that some big brother created it  But, wait! Why do I have the senses to appreciate it? What about the universal appeal of the sound of falling water on the rocks?  Why is cool running water so delicious for our souls? Please note that I wrote that for a Lady Doctor practicing in downtown Baltimore, a Pediatrician healing children in the middle of July. Picture this, high humidity, screaming children, 30 - 40 patients per day, sweat, labor, you know waht on your hands, blood and more........crying babies in the pain of needles.  I was sending her a poetic picture of cool, crisp, soothing water to tickle her toes and refresh her soul. Her Father is Jewish from Moscow, so the picture of Mikveh came up, and then when I studied waterfalls searching for the most fantastic, or uniquely refreshing picture, I discovered that the foot of the falls is sacred in Buddhism. She is Neopagan, or might be Wiccan.  Take the serene state of Peace? Why do we seek rest for our souls? Or, cleansing? Why a ritual bath?   The Art of Peace   Do not fail To learn from The pure voice of an Ever-flowing mountain stream Splashing over the rocks.   - Morihei Ueshiba
You are skipping around. Someone already posted that life was made from what was "laying around". If there wasn't oxygen we obviously wouldn't breathe air to stay alive, there may have been a substitute. Since the other elements that may have existed instead don't exist, we can't describe them, but we could breathe carbon instead of oxygen, or something else not here today (and if it did, we'd say "What would we do without this element to breathe?" the answer is oxygen) or maybe we wouldn't need to breathe.  You have the most FAITH of any poster I have witnessed!   Harvard professor Stephen Jay Gould reminds you:  The pathways that have led to our evolution are quirky, improbable, unrepeatable and utterly unpredictable. Human evolution is not random; it makes sense and can be explained after the fact. But wind back life&#8217;s tape to the dawn of time and let it play again-and you will never get humans a second time . . . We cannot read the meaning of life passively in the facts of nature. We must construct these answers ourselves&#8212;from our own wisdom and ethical sense. There is no other way.   (Footnote 1: Stephen Jay Gould, quoted in David Friend and editors of Life magazine, The Meaning of Life, 33.)   :lol:
What is your point? He is saying that there is no fundamental meaning to life other than what you chose. His view is the complete opposite of what you beleive and that quote says so  But, I am point out that even the King of evolutionary Science believes that Life and humans is extremely improbable.  Zac', seems to imply, with great Faith, that Life would have happened with what ever chemicals were "lying around".  I would assert that only creation could allow for a delicately designed fine-tuned divine miracle of Life.  I am open to Micro-Evolution.
Sorry about the light treatment for Darwin, I must not be an example of a highly "evolved" Creationist. Hehehehe  Moving on:  I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be an Atheist - Chapter 7 "Mother Teresa vs. Hitler"  A continuation from Geisler and Turek's book.  The Moral Law argument is presented:  1) Every law has a law giver. 2) There is a moral law. 3) Therefore, there is a Moral Law Giver.  [...] everyone knows there are absolute moral obligations. An absolute moral obligation is something that is binding on all people, at all times, in all places.  Without an objective standard of meaning and morality, then life is meaningless and there's nothing absolutely right or wrong. Everything is merely a matter of opinion.  And you can't know what is good unless there is an unchanging standard of good outside yourself. Without that objective standard, any objection to evil is nothing but your personal opinion.  Unless atheists claim that there is a God and that his Moral Law condones or commands these activities, then their positions are nothing more than their own subjective preferences. And no one is under any moral obligation to agree with mere preferences[....]  [...] then we have no higher moral status than slime because there is nothing beyond us to instill us with objective morality and dignity [....]  So to be consistent Darwinists can only consider murder and rape as personal dislikes, not real moral wrongs.
Here is a freehand quote from memory by C.S. Lewis (too lazy to look it up!):  "Even Karl Marx, who treated social problems as a problem in social physics, could sometimes subject the bourgeoisie to a withering scorn, that only the presupposition of moral accountability could justify."   Hmmm.  Even Karl Marx bears witness to God's objective moral standard?
C.S. Lewis  In light of our topic here, the book, "I Don't Have enough Faith to Be an Atheist" posting about C.S. Lewis is excellent, because he had, in the beginning only a small feeble faith in Christianity but his Faith grew.  His quote about Karl Marx is excellent.  Now, Anthony Flew has lost his "faith" in Atheism!  Atheism is illogical, irrational, incoherant and existentially self-destructive!
Time to play this game by Richbee's rules:  I COULD tell you why the universe happened by chance, but let me show you what this website has to say instead:  The Argument from Probability     Oh what Faith you have my Brother!
The first hint of Anthony Flew's turn was a letter to the August-September issue of Britain's Philosophy Now magazine.  "It has become inordinately difficult even to begin to think about constructing a naturalistic theory of the evolution of that first reproducing organism," he wrote.  Of course, Richbee proved that an Atheist can't even get to the 41 elements of life, and best of all, to the first strand of DNA operating under Naturalistic assumptions (presumptions).  Ha!  emoticon_xbouncer
Oh what lack of understanding you have my Brother!  For those of you who haven't noticed, i've decided to try debating in Richbee's stlye...  There is nothing wrong with a good article as long as proper attribution is cited and hotlink is a nice feature.  One page is cool, but I agree that two - three pages is too much!  Now, you your case, I don't see how this helps you much, even if you were to make a trip to Las Vegas and play with dice!!! (Hehehehehe)
Debating is NOT about making people believe in what you believe. Leave that to the media spinners, the JW, and the wild protesters. Debating is NOT about being right or being wrong. Debating is simply a excercise of the mind. It's whether or not you can create an understandable argument.  Oh my GAWD!  You just don't get Christian Apologetics!  My goal is to utterly refute Atheism, just like the Book we are discussing here.  Are you surprised? "I Don't Have Enough Faith to Be An Atheists" - still true for me!  And, how much Faith do you have?  Atheism is irrational, illogical, incoherant and existentially self-destructive!
I have read countless posts on here debating the " proof " of the existence or non-existence of God , along with the validity of Christianity. These type threads are replied to with excellent posts that are FULL of cut and pastes , attached links, and diverse opinions on the subject matter. But the way I see it, the PROOF of God and /or Christianity lies in the amount of hits on the subject....  Look at the total amount of views on ANY thread that mentions the existence or non-existence God, or the proof of the validity of Christianity. I really dont know why so many people would have the SLIGHTEST interest in veiwing a subject matter they deem non existent, or at least in their minds, questionable, IF they didnt feel there was some validity in it . Hmmm. as a matter of fact, I personally do not recall ever wanting to discuss a subject WHEN to me , that subject matter did not exist. Debate this one , masterdebaters :)
Close your eyes, Greg, and pretend they're not there.  They don't understand what you mean. emoticon_xangel emoticon_rolleyes
I looked up your posting history and noticed your contributions to threads entitled:  Capital Punishment  What if a White Man had killed 6 Asians  24 year old teacher had sex with a 14 year old student  Does this, by your logic, make you a murdering, racist child molester simply because of your contributions?  Plus, what do you mean, "the subject matter did not exist"? The subjects are very real I assure you. You may not be seeing things that are really there because you see things that aren't really there.  Hi, Bill. I am referring to those that post here asserting there is no God or validity in Christianity . The threads you listed that I have replied to are real, and DO exist, I know that , so I reply to them. I generally do not post to threads that I feel have non - existent subject matter. Therefore, my post on how many people are "veiwing" and replying to God/Christianity threads they state are non provable. Why are they exerting so much cerebral matter on a issue that is a moot point to them , if maybe not there is "something" down deep inside them, urging them to do so ?? hmm ? :)
...and need to be straightened out a little. You talking to me? You talking to me? :p  Otherwise God knows what might happen to us atheists. Let...me...write....that....down. emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xclown
I have a question though. Do you think that someone who embraces the teachings of the Gospels but rejects the OT, the "Letters" and all other "books" in the Bible could still call themselves a "Christian"? I can see how they might feel that way. In some ways they see the OT as mass God-anger, killing, punishment, etc. and can't associate that with Christ....thus the rejection.  But they fail to see why that took place and to whom.  My opinion is: No, they can't.
This post definately isn't up to your typical standards Greg.  That's some pretty poor logic.  Waxy   Well your right , Waxy   There is no real "logic" to my post, because if one thinks about the art of debating religion, the concept of logic goes out the window. A true believer has only the bible to support their beliefs, they cannot go to a lab or science room and prove their beliefs on a table , or use cobalt to date religous belief , so their belief is all based on unseen faith. I have only a high school education, therefore I do not have the vocabulary the master debators use on here, nor the artistic way of putting together sentences. So bear with me please , while I try to explain my post a little better....  Since you put me in the spotlight here, I will use you, with great respect to you of course , as my point of debate. You have went on record here stating many times , that you do not believe in a "god" the way we believers do. Now with that notion in mind, why do you and others hang out debating on a religous forum ?? In case you havent noticed , the posts against the notion of God and Christianity, greatly outnumber the posts of the believers . Is that not a interesting fact when you think about it ? I dont believe in a lot of things that I am exposed to in my walk though life here on earth, so I have NO interest in trying to prove those things wrong , THAT I feel have no validity . Clear as mud now , ?? :)
What? The simple fact that people take interest in the God debate proves the existence of God? Oh, that's really logical! emoticon_rolleyes   By your logic, if people take interest in the life on Mars debate, it proves the existence of life on Mars.   Good point , Dzeron   But my point was, the interest in religion proves that their is something to it. If a person KNOWS and feels in their heart that their is no life on mars, what are they saying when they keep questioning the venture ? When posters on here belay post after post stating they KNOW there is NO God, then what is their motivation for debating the subject ? IF in their hearts they KNOW their is no God, what is the point in discussing it ????? Unless, maybe they are not totally convinced maybe ????? :)
Close your eyes, Greg, and pretend they're not there.  They don't understand what you mean. emoticon_xangel emoticon_rolleyes   LOL Orn, I know what I mean, am just not sure I can type it out to where it makes sense, :)
I think there's a few points to be made here -  1) This is a forum specifically for the purpose of discussing God and religion. Thousands, hundred's of thousands, maybe even billions of people who don't believe in God haven't bothered to seek it out, they have no interest, it attracts those that do have an interest in learning how and why others think and do as they do.  2) Discussing something, no matter what the reason or how much it is discussed, does not lend any validity to what is being discussed. There is an infinite number of examples I could give to illustrate that point. Take in a sci-fi convention some time as a prime example.  3) I don't see so much the discussion of "is there a God/isn't there a God", as I do the discussion of religion and the Bible. That is a very important distinction. Religion is very real, and affects all of us, whether we are believers in it or not. Whether or not Bigfoot exists, or the Klingons are invading someone, has no bearing whatsoever on my life or reality, religion does. I think that is the reason you see such fervent discussion and rejection of Christianity on forums like this. Why the large outcry? Those in the minority always tend to be more vocal, they have to be, or they'd simply be overwhelmed by the "silent" majority.  Waxy  P.S. Don't sell yourself short, you more than hold your own on these forums.    Good read Waxy,  Note 3 stands out to me in such a way that lends "some" creedence to my original post. The "silent" majority is speaking loudly to what means ? To stifle the religous sector in our society , to where it will come to the point of them proving their beliefs or shut up ? Or , is the silent majority being stirred from the insides of their very soul , to ask questions about their existence , knowing that their belief in the Big Bang theory , just cannot be ALL there is to human life ?
Christians are the silent majority Greg, by a long shot, in both the USA and Canada.  The majority will naturally overrun the minority, even if it is not done consciously or maliciously, that's just the nature of the beast.  IMHO, that's why those that are not Christian tend to be vocal, it's out of necessity in large part. The majority, Christians, don't need to be outspoken, things will "automatically" happen as they prefer them to happen, they're the majority, that's how the maching works.   Many of those who are not Christian believe the current trend toward more fundamentalist Christianity is stifling their freedoms, myself included to some extent. I don't see many Christians having their beliefs or ideals stifled, unless you count the odd cross or monument being removed from public buildings. Christians are still firmly in control of most aspects of our gov't and our culture.  I don't think the minority, non-Chrisitians, are stirred into participation on this board because they question their beliefs and conclusions, be it about the Big Bang or otherwise, I think they come here to both learn about others beliefs as well as challenge them based on their understanding of the matter.  In short, IMHO, the point you're trying to make pretty much amounts to wishful thinking and placing a spiritual emphasis where none exists, and, if I dare, I'd say that's in large part due to your bias toward understanding and relating to the world in that context.  Waxy   You always shake up my cerebral cobwebs Waxy, :)  I must say that I have looked at the world from both sides, and no matter how I flip it, I cant shake the "knowns" in my life. I read with great interest on here , all of the different perspectives and opinions about religion. To my surprise , I agree with a lot of them, both for and against religous beliefs. I guess to justify that position, I will say it is just my thirst for solid, provable knowledge also. I am by no means a bible thumper or snake handler , yet I do believe that we humans are not all there is to this existence of ours ....   But , as we all age, we will have things happen to us in our life, that will "move" us here or there emotionally or spiritually, to make us take a positon on religion and hold to it, I guess. I think I am still being moved around and have not found my niche . But, alas, I still stand by my belief in that those ferverent about their position in believing there is no god, yet they spend their precious free time on here stating that christianity is a show of smoke and mirrors, MAY find they are not being totally honest with themselves. Silent majority or not, it stills puzzles me as to why people are so bent on disproving what they dont believe in anyway, eot and cheers to ya Waxy :)
If you told me you caught a 5lb. trout in your swimming pool yesterday and it was delicious I might look long and hard into your pool for a long time. That doesn't mean I really expect to see fish.  Interesting point Sinjin,  I said I was "end of topic" on this one, but since it is being infiltrated with wit and humor now, I'll join back in, I like fun too. :)   If I told a person I caught a 5# trout in my pool, I would think that the person I was telling that to, would first have a number of questions come to their mind that they would need to rationalize to themselves, BEFORE they would trouble themselves in walking over to my pool. Logically one would first ask themselves these questions,  #1 Does Greg even have a pool ?  #2 Is Greg really credible ?  #3 Does Greg even fish ?  #4 One would then recognize a given and known truth, that being, that trout do not breed , live , or prosper in chlorinated water.  So, one would instantly be certain that Greg must have put the fish in the pool himself, therefore the truth in #4 would cancel all the validity on the subject matter , THEREFORE making any curosity about going to Greg's pool and looking in it, a foolish and moot point....   Now with this same mode of thinking or logic, why would anyone want to discuss religion when they already TRULY , believe one or more of the following : #1 There is no God #2 Humans evolved from primates #3 Humans have no souls or spiritual entity in or around them, ever #4 The Bible is NOT divine, but just a historical book written by a bunch of dillusional, old coots high on poppy seeds #5 There is NOTHING after death , but nothingness   P.S. The long and hard thing is quite relative, especially after passing fifty years of age, :)
Humans ARE primates.  Pull in your claws there now, pnac, :) My reference was to the theory of evolution vs. creation . The apes came first the evolutionists say, then they stood up right and became hairless humans, hmmm, lets see now, IF we came from apes, then why are there still apes around ? Then, again there was that egg thing, which came first the chicken, or the egg ? Wait a minute, if the egg came first what laid it ?? Just kiddin, please dont start a E vs. C debate here, cheers to ya :) :)
#1 humans are hairy, not hairless. #2 If you ask the question about why are there apes around, you don't yet basic biology. Not an insult, it's just, from an educated perspective, just an indication that you don't yet know what you're talking about. That can be changed though, you don't need to be saved, or get some water splashed on you...just need to read a little :) knowledge is free, and you can be correct any time you choose.  The tree of life is a branched system as a result of mutation and the environment. I'm not sure how you can understand anything you look at in life without understanding the fundamentals of how life evolves.  -Mach  Mr. Mach, I am certain that I do not have the vast knowledge and education that you are blessed with , but please , enlighten me as to what you do not comprehend about the " Just kiddin" and the smiley's in my post ?????
They may not look long and hard at the pool but they may look long and hard at you :)  But really, it would be more like if you wrote a book documenting trout living in a pool and then generations later the majority accepted your book as truth and we didn't know any of the first 3. Obviously there are bigger miracles in the bible than a fish being found in a pool. So then they decide to pass laws saying we must worship greg and that we must all put pools with a stone trout in it in front of government buildings and schoolchildren must always say the pledge to save the holy trout, etc. Of course if you were forced to hear about the greatness of trout that they were found in a pool you would argue that it wasn't possible and that's what atheists are doing. They are also trying to learn from theists on why they believe what they do. This isn't just about winning a debate or proving your point. It's about learning the other points of view on a particular subject. None of my family is very religious (my mom believes in god but doesn't go to church or anything) and even with religious friends we never talk about religion. So it's a chance to share your point of view and hear others as well. I could hear why they believed this greg guy found a trout in his pool. :)   Good return Zach , And I totally agree with you ,   You have made a very good point as to why there is so much debate between theists and atheists. I have been accused on here of having a "cemented shut" mind when debating religion because of my beliefs in Christianity. So, I am going to lift that cement off of my head to "free" up my thoughts , so they will not be quite so biased for a bit ....   As I have stated before , there are a lot of posts on here that I agree with both for , and against religion. One can see why in todays high tech world, a world in which everything can be "proven " in a lab or at the very least , someone has a photo of , :). SO, the belief in a "god" or the doctrines of Christianity, could be viewed as highly "questionable" to most and they are to the logically or scientific minded. I will not start another debate on that fact, there are hundreds of thousands upon thousands of words of text, on this forum already debating that one....   I will just honestly ask one question that I have yet to find a solid answer to on this forum...  What is it that happens to the person after they have received the "spirit" of the proclaimed Christian diety "Jesus " ???  This is not a loaded question , or one setting anyone up for humiliation from the master debators. No one likes to be slammed , and I am not writing this so anyone can to do that. We have all read or viewed "testimonials" from people that have had that ( born again, touched by the spirit, received Jesus, etc, ) experience in their life . I have had that experience , so this may not be a fair question for you, unless you have read my post about my experience on here. ...  Keeping my cement lifted here, I recall spending spent MANY MANY hours in my life trying to rationalize that experience. I thought maybe it was just a self - induced "trance" that maybe my mind had secreted extra endorphins (sp?) for , just to help me though a low point in life. Yet, at that time of my Christ ( for lack of another description) experience and within a two year window I think, a friend I grew up with and 3 other classmates killed themselves. Where was that extra self induced endorphin to help them through the mental anguish they needed, just as they pulled the trigger? Why could they not "self induce" a " "spirit of Christ" feeling , to at least get them past that feeling of wanting to self destruct ? Why couldnt the same "spiriit of light" that gave me my complete change in being, have helped my friends though their personal crisis , as it did mine ??? The ONLY known difference in what I was doing at that time, and what they were doing in their lives WAS, I was reading the Holy Bible KJV.... ( NOT testifying here, just stating a FACT)    Sorry I know, not fair questions for someone that may or may not have , experienced what I did from the Spirit of Christ" ( my interpretation, not a known and documented public event , except what was witnessed by my friends and family). I DO NOT feel any guilt about my frieinds suicides, they, as all do, had the right to do what they wanted to with their lives ( not a Christian veiwpoint of course) . So, I will continue to believe as I do about the Bible and Christ, and in the future I hope to refrain from imposing my beleifs on anyone else . But , one must admit, it certainly IS a interesting topic for discussion, good day to you :)
theism (in philosophy) - a doctrine that the final ground of everything is one supreme reality--the same as monotheism but differing from atheism, agnosticism, materialism and deism  agnosticism- a doctrine which holds that man can not have any real knowledge but can only know impressions. the belief that God is unknown or unknowable, distinguished from atheism.  atheism - the denial or disbelief in the existence of God. Godlessness in life and conduct.  Text book definitions. Atheism has no doctrine, there is no actual school of thought that atheists adhere to--it appears that atheism is not anything like agnosticism by definition. Atheism has nothing to do with religion and must be that no two atheists are alike, there is no teaching of atheism, no ethics, no organized fellowship or order.   Atheists validate their beliefs (or nonbeliefs) by criticizing and tearing down religious concepts. They are closest to nihilists of any indoctrinated people. It seems that atheism is nothing.
I did not say that atheists were not caring people. I was just trying to show that atheists are not followers of any particular school of thought, there are no tenets that are taught, no brotherhood of atheists. Well, there seems to be a fair amount of atheists gathering on the internet forums. Don't you suppose that theists and agnostics might buy into other philosophies as well? Atheists are as self promoting and definitely as self professed as a theist, they are quite proud of their nonbelief in God.   But I didn't say they were not caring people, they are human beings the same as any other person.  Why the double edge sword?  If a theist makes any kind of digging reference to an atheist, such as "atheism is nothing", which was not a personal attack toward anyone, the atheists are quick to cut the theist down to size about their pious, sitting on a pedestal personna the atheists hold to be true of all theists. Atheists constantly mock, belittle, and ridicule theists and their God as if that validates their nonbelief and is perfectable acceptable to be vile towards other people.
Hello....?  Good luck with that.   I believe in something, certainlty not orthodox in any way. Why, because I am a irrational being.   Good luck getting THAT out of any of the crazies here though.
Hello....?  1. This has been done to death. As soon as I saw the post, I figured you weren't likely to get any new responses.  2. The question completely handicaps people's ability to respond.  Do a search of this forum, you should be able to find plenty of threads on the subject.  Waxy
Due to the current lack of success you seem to be having with your thread and the reasons for why seeming to be logical to this reader, could i instead ask why you think that atheism is the default starting point in the debate. Surely agnosticism would be the starting point for someone who does not know whether there is a god or not. Atheism claims that there is no god. This requires explanation as well.  This is exactly what I was going to ask. But please, let's not get into another argument about the definitions of athiesm and agnosticism. That will totally kill any discussion as it has in the past.
Atheism is default because before someone gave you your mythology you had no concept of a creator. You might have made one up for yourself ultimately if no one had splained things to you but not necessarily.  I have to disagree. This may be your experience, but it is not everyone's and it is certainly not mine. I was not raised in a religious home. I did not go to church (nor do I now), god was not discussed, and yet from as far back as I can remember, I have been aware of god's presence. As a young child I may not have had a name for god or for this experience yet, but that doesn't mean that's not what it was.  As for the default stance atheism (in Faithless' definition as a lack of belief in god, not necessarily disbelief [what I would call agnosticism, but that's beside the point]) makes sense yes. You can't automatically (or ever) know for sure either way, so admitting this is the only sound thing to do. This is where I stand. You might call me an agnostic believer :)
At some point everyone has to have faith in something...So faith is another good answer
So how does the theist move from this default position to his position of belief?  How have you, presuming you to be a theist, come to the conclusion that God exists?  1. Please first define what you mean by God so we avoid any bad assumptions or confusion.  2. Please exclude all evidence and reason relating to the word "feeling". Ex. "I feel there is a God deep within my heart" - Feelings are personal to the individual and cannot be used as evidence within a conversation unless I (the atheist) have the same feeling; which I assure you, I do not.  Like I said before, you could call me an agnostic believer. I'm agnostic in the sense that I realize there is no absolutely surefire way for us to know if god exists or not; or if god does exist, what the nature of god is. But I believe. Belief isn't about "knowing" in the way we usually think of it. As to your rules of response: 1. To be honest, I don't know if I have ever thought about a way to define god in this sense, so I'll have to mull over it for a while. I'll get back to you on that one. 2. I don't think it is possible to not talk about "feeling" or things associated with it in some way when discussing why I personally believe the way I do. I know that this cannot be used as evidence, but this doesn't really matter to be honest. I'm not out to prove anything, so I don't really need evidence. It is sorta one of those things where if you have to ask, you just wouldn't understand.
You are not the type of theist I am interested in talking to.  Well excuuuuuuuuuuuse me. You are obviously not simply inquiring into the way people think then, so instead of asking generally what people think, why don't you tell us exactly who you are looking for so they can present themselves.
Yes... the 6,000 year old debate... here we go again :)   Atheism is the most logical default position one could take. The lack of belief or knowledge is most usually the first position taken by one on a subject before they are to aquire knowledge or investigate the matter.  So how does the theist move from this default position to his position of belief?  How have you, presuming you to be a theist, come to the conclusion that God exists?  1. Please first define what you mean by God so we avoid any bad assumptions or confusion.  2. Please exclude all evidence and reason relating to the word "feeling". Ex. "I feel there is a God deep within my heart" - Feelings are personal to the individual and cannot be used as evidence within a conversation unless I (the atheist) have the same feeling; which I assure you, I do not. i saw this a few days ago but i didnt give it much thought since i probably misread it. but looking at the responses, i think i understand your first post better  1. God is defined as a supernatural invisible being that my parents and the bible taught me about. all the things that my parents said he did, and what the bible said he did, are the things he did, and he deserves the credit for ultimately everything that ever was done since the beginning of the world.  2. not really a question...  coming to theism was natural for me. as far as i remember i was a theist. i wasnt born that way, but i became one at a very early age. no real dramatic story about it. i grew up in a christian home  coming to the conclusion that God exist was as easy as all the othr beliefs that i adopted. i was taught so, and i ws taught to look around at the world and find the evidence that God exist, such as order, intelligent design and unexpected good fortune. even chaos and bad fortune helped strengthen my case that God exists, since these things are of the devil.  as a side note, i think the definition of atheist as "without a belief in God" is conveniently ambigious and i disagree with that definition. someone with no belief about or in God i would define as an agnostic. an agnostic is someone that doesnt know whether they believe in God. because your atheist definition overlaps this, it makes it less useful and more difficult to work with. thats why i avoid using that definition
You are not the type of theist I am interested in talking to.  That's a great way to get more people to respond to your post. emoticon_rolleyes   Apparently the fish in this pond are too smart to take the lure you're casting. :p   Waxy
 As I made clear in the first post I'm looking for theists who believe in God for logical reasons and would be willing to debate them. (Or reasons not involving faith, feelings, or personal experiences)  Then you are clearly looking for a rare species, one that usually believes because of the problems of origin and not because of anything a religious text says.   Good luck finding one of those. I believe that way but I will freely admit it;s completely irrational.
But the theist must set the premise.  Why insist on baiting a trap?  Why not openly present your argument and see if anyone wishes to counter?  You might find that more effective than lying in the weeds. :p   Waxy
Then you are clearly looking for a rare species, one that usually believes because of the problems of origin and not because of anything a religious text says.   It sounds like you are sayin that these are the only two possible options and this just isn't the case.
It sounds like you are sayin that these are the only two possible options and this just isn't the case.  When you throw the term "logic" in the field tends to get very small, very quickly. Even then it's questionable, as it is not logical to jump to a proofless conclusion that there is a god merely because we do not have all the answers now, so perhaps this rare species is in reality non-existant. Faithless may be looking for someone who just does not exist.
I am looking for a theist who can define their God and then tell me why they believe in him.  I would prefer that the reasons for belief are limited to logical arguments such as design arguments, origin of life arguments, etc...  Is this possible?  In my opinion? No. Drop the logic part, and you'll find many theists, however, good luck on your quest for the holy imaginary logic grail.
An argument I might come up with, as I believe I can argue a theist position, would be, "If there is no God and the Bible is false, how do you explain the universe's origin? How can you explain logically, with evidence, that there is no chance the universe was created by an all-powerful being?  That's not a logical argument itself, you have said. Occam's Razor by itself takes the argument out of its own misery. That is a huge assumption and by all means unncessary. Nor it is the simplest assumption as well. Science and natural occurances are far more simple then a all power being who just exists. Logically we have a problem with the idea of such a being. Logic dictates everything must have a origin. The universe, you and I, and everything around us. Yet how can a diety have no origin and be explained with logic? It cannot, and therefore exists outside of logic if it exists. Under such circumstances, a belief in a diety cannot be logically reasoned. Hence, why I believe faithless may be looking for someone who does not exist.  The most likely answer is one we have not come up with, and before someone jumps on my back about that, look at history and how completely ridiculous claims were made that were later proven by very simple science. It is ultimately patience that will allow for the real answers to present themselves, not leaping to proofless, illogical conclusions of dieties.   That being said, I still believe in something upstairs because I am a irrational being.
Occam's Razor (also Ockham's Razor or any of several other spellings), is a principle attributed to the 14th century English logician and Franciscan friar, William of Ockham that forms the basis of methodological reductionism, also called the principle of parsimony.  In its simplest form, Occam's Razor states that one should make no more assumptions than needed. When multiple explanations are available for a phenomenon, the simplest version is preferred. A charred tree on the ground could be caused by a landing alien ship or a lightning strike. According to Occam's Razor, the lightning strike is the preferred explanation as it requires the fewest assumptions.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam%27s_Razor
Orion and my link are one and the same.
... as Ive said before: the lack of belief is the default position. So I would like to see the argument that convinces the theist there is a God. I think you're starting from a false premise: that human minds emerged as some kind of blank slate, on which people later inscribed belief in god for some 'logical' reason.  More likely, in my view, is that when modern human brains emerged they incorporated a strong tendency to 'believe' as part of their operating system: specifically, to believe that effects have causes, for it was the construction of cause-and-effect chains that enabled early human technology. Once you have a hard-wired predisposition to seek causes for effects, it is a small step to invoke supernatural causes for effects whose physical cause you cannot see. To project anthropomorphic form and motivation on these invisible causes is hardly surprising either.  Our need to see a cause for anything that happens is still very strong. It's what makes some of the findings of, say, quantum physics so counter-intuitive. It's what drives conspiracy theorists. And it's what makes an uncaused origin of life and the universe very hard for religious people to swallow.
Pick one and use that as your argument and please expand a little. i dont need to pick one. all 3 combined contribute to collective evidence for God's existence  order and intelligent design go hand in hand, but order is probably on a much wider scale. the balance and consistency of the universe, the excellent meshing of environment and life, the stability of the planet and all its systems, these are all examples of order.   intellegent design pertains to attention to detail, like the filtering function of the kidneys to remove toxins from the circulatory system, or the marvels of the brain. even the peculiar tactics of sother species that allow them to thrive. those are examples of intellegent design  unexpected good fortune include escaping a would-be fatal accident intact, or recieving a gift of something you needed from an unlikely source at time when you could not obtain it yourself.  combined, and with the right perspective, all these make a compelling case for God's existence
I think you're starting from a false premise: that human minds emerged as some kind of blank slate, on which people later inscribed belief in god for some 'logical' reason. i think that is what faithless is saying, but he is using the label atheist, and i disagree. an atheist is not someone with a blank slate about their belief in God. that is an agnostic, by definition  other than that, it is not always necessary for a theist to adopt a 'logical' reason for believing in God. usually their belief in God comes long before thinking logically about it. in fact, it is nearly always imperative that no logic be applied at all. logic is counterproductive to faith, and vice versa. very often, people that attempt to apply logic to their religion inevitably lose some or all of their faith. likewise, in order to increase in faith, you need to deny yourself of logic
other than that, it is not always necessary for a theist to adopt a 'logical' reason for believing in God. usually their belief in God comes long before thinking logically about it. in fact, it is nearly always imperative that no logic be applied at all. logic is counterproductive to faith, and vice versa. very often, people that attempt to apply logic to their religion inevitably lose some or all of their faith. likewise, in order to increase in faith, you need to deny yourself of logic I agree that it is not "always necessary", but logic has it's place. For example when Jesus talked about Himself as being the Door, the Light, the Vine, Living Water - who was called the Rock. If we apply logic in certain areas we see the reflection (or what God was trying to tell us) of the rock that Moses struck that brought forth water, or the Tree of Life in the Garden of Eden. God always allows us to use our brains if need be to "see" Him. It is, I think, imperative in some instances.
I am looking for a theist who can define their God and then tell me why they believe in him.  I would prefer that the reasons for belief are limited to logical arguments such as design arguments, origin of life arguments, etc...  Is this possible?  It sounds to me like you are just trying to bait very specific arguments that you feel you already know how to shoot down and give yourslef an ego boost. That's a poor use of discussion if you ask me.
Logically we have a problem with the idea of such a being. Logic dictates everything must have a origin. The universe, you and I, and everything around us. Yet how can a diety have no origin and be explained with logic? It cannot, and therefore exists outside of logic if it exists. Under such circumstances, a belief in a diety cannot be logically reasoned. Hence, why I believe faithless may be looking for someone who does not exist. Now what you are saying is making a lot more sense to me and I think you are absolutely right.   That being said, I still believe in something upstairs because I am a irrational being. Which is fine. We are all irrational to some extent. It is our nature. The problems come when we assume irrational means "bad" and the rationality is supreme to everything.
I believe in God, but none of these are good reasons for belief.  order and intelligent design go hand in hand, but order is probably on a much wider scale. the balance and consistency of the universe, the excellent meshing of environment and life, the stability of the planet and all its systems, these are all examples of order.   intellegent design pertains to attention to detail, like the filtering function of the kidneys to remove toxins from the circulatory system, or the marvels of the brain. even the peculiar tactics of sother species that allow them to thrive. those are examples of intellegent design For every example of order, there are ten examples of chaos and disorder. The same applies to life. For everything that the body is doing right, there are things it is doing wrong.  unexpected good fortune include escaping a would-be fatal accident intact, or recieving a gift of something you needed from an unlikely source at time when you could not obtain it yourself. Same idea here. What about everyone that dies in those car accidents? What about all the times that you didn't get something you needed? In fact, these events happen more often than the ones you propose.
I believe in God, but none of these are good reasons for belief. i agree. the thing is, i dont believe in God. so what are your reasons?
Now what you are saying is making a lot more sense to me and I think you are absolutely right.  Thank you.    Which is fine. We are all irrational to some extent. It is our nature. The problems come when we assume irrational means "bad" and the rationality is supreme to everything.  Well, irrational behavior often leads to bad decisions. I noticed that admitting why I believe often leaves strong atheists dumbstruck and silent. On a previous board I had a atheist friend who was about three times as smart as anyone here who was litterally silenced when I stated the irrationality reason. Good fun to say the least.
...friend who was about three times as smart as anyone here... Gee, Duo, don't give us much slack there, lad... emoticon_frazzled
Gee, Duo, don't give us much slack there, lad... emoticon_frazzled  No, I didn't mean it that way. This guy was just brillant. Absolutely brillant. There isn't anyone here that can even remotely compare to him. He had the knowledge of a fricken encylopedia, the socratic skill of socrates himself, litterally knew about world events before 99% of the rest of the forum did, and could bring up virtually any philosopher you can imagine, and use cold logic to shread almost any argument. I avoided discussing anything he could remotely disagree with me on merely because I knew I could not match him any day of the year.
No, I didn't mean it that way. This guy was just brillant. Absolutely brillant. There isn't anyone here that can even remotely compare to him. He had the knowledge of a fricken encylopedia, the socratic skill of socrates himself, litterally knew about world events before 99% of the rest of the forum did, and could bring up virtually any philosopher you can imagine, and use cold logic to shread almost any argument. I avoided discussing anything he could remotely disagree with me on merely because I knew I could not match him any day of the year. Were you afraid of his wit? Or was his knowledge over your head? I think the former, right?  I have a man working for me whose knowledge is also brilliant, like a gift. He rarely ever uses it anymore to his advantage, but it's still there. He could be the plant manager, but would rather stick to his tools. Funny how things like that happen.
Were you afraid of his wit? Or was his knowledge over your head? I think the former, right?  Both. He was too **** smart for me. We'd need to get him throughly drunk and have hot women in the background in skimpy lingerie to even the playfield.    I have a man working for me whose knowledge is also brilliant, like a gift. He rarely ever uses it anymore to his advantage, but it's still there. He could be the plant manager, but would rather stick to his tools. Funny how things like that happen.  That is odd. Also, he has this weird fasination with batman, and he was a brit.
...beasts lurking.  LOL ! You so funny sinjison, so funny. You left "r" out of beasts. So funny. emoticon_xclown
What do you mean the "right perspective"? Or did you mean the right bias and presuppositions? yes, presuppositions and biases are key. remember, before i even began to assess my surroundings as evidence of God's existence, i had already been taught by my parents that God exists, and that the evidence is all around me. it doesnt take long to catch on once this is established. pretty soon i can immediately discern what things are good, and come from God, what things are not good, and come from the devil. because both good and bad exists, this is evidence that both God and the devil exists. and because both are in abundance around us, the evidence is inescapable
i agree. the thing is, i dont believe in God?  Could have fooled me. Faithless doesn't want to hear them (because they aren't "reasons" in a logical sense anyway) and I've basically given them in other threads and I don't feel like rehashing it every time a new religion thread comes up.
Yes... the 6,000 year old debate... here we go again :)   Atheism is the most logical default position one could take. The lack of belief or knowledge is most usually the first position taken by one on a subject before they are to aquire knowledge or investigate the matter.  So how does the theist move from this default position to his position of belief?  How have you, presuming you to be a theist, come to the conclusion that God exists?  1. Please first define what you mean by God so we avoid any bad assumptions or confusion.  2. Please exclude all evidence and reason relating to the word "feeling". Ex. "I feel there is a God deep within my heart" - Feelings are personal to the individual and cannot be used as evidence within a conversation unless I (the atheist) have the same feeling; which I assure you, I do not.  I would not debate this one as I don't accept your premise that atheism is the most logical or the default. You make an assertion and do not back it up with any evidence. This is the fallacy of the begged question. You assume that lack of belief is the most logical and you assume that it is the default.  I would say much more logical is the searcher. I would say we all come to belief in something, inclulding the atheist. It takes as much faith to believe that there is no god as to believe that there is.  Therefore, your assumptions have no grounds. Therefore, your faith is in those assumptions, therefore, you really do have a god you just don't call it god.  EF
If you have already made the presupposition that there is a God to be found then of course all surrouding natural "evidence" would be evident of his existance.  Because most "good" and "bad" in Christianity and other theistic religions is designated as God's will you are using circular reasoning. Good and bad presuppose the existance of a God to designate such good and bad. Thus such "obvious" good and bad no matter in how much "abundance" it is, does not qualify as evidence. you say that good and bad support the existence of God, therefore good and bad cannot be used as evidence for the existence of God? you lost me...  Searcher = Agnostic Agnostic = Atheist  (Please see definition in prior post of what I mean by atheist)  An atheist simply lacks theistic belief. All agnostics therefore are atheists... but not in the typical sense. the lack of distinction between agnostic and atheist makes the term redundant and therefore useless. why bother
the lack of distinction between agnostic and atheist makes the term redundant and therefore useless. why bother  Like I was trying to say earlier, let's not get into another battler about that. It will be another waste of time.
well, i think you answered your own question. theism is adopted through the use of circular reasoning that actually makes sense if you dont take the time to really trace the logic of it.
Either you are making fun of theism...  Or your serious...  Either which in this case is a waste of my time. is there a point that YOU'd like to make? you seem to be seeking some form of religious whipping boy that you can make an example of. i'm sorry if this board disappoints you. there are lots of christian forums out there where your ideal specimen would be found. apparently you have a problem with honest opinions. too bad  my responses answer your question. i am talking from first hand experience, having been a fundamentalist for most of my life. i am now in a position where i can dettach myself from my beliefs and give you a more balanced and unbiased commentary of the workings of the theist rationale. i dare you to find a better source.  i'm sorry that i didnt fall into your mould by trying to protect my beliefs because of emotional attachment. those are hard to find and even harder to carry on a rational discussion with. best of luck with that
Are you serious? Do you understand what circular reasoning is?  Let me give you an example:  I ask you to prove that God exists... You use circular reasoning and claim that:  A. The Bible is true and God exists because the Bible says so B. God exists and so the Bible must be true  You CANNOT use circular reasoning to prove a point. Its irrelevant and illogical.   Logic is exactly what I've been trying to discuss.  There is no side-stepping reason for the sake of a point. *sigh* yes i am serious. since you're so logical, i thought you'd have figured it out by now: theism REQUIRES a denial of logic. theism, by its very nature, is not just illogical, but counter-logical. therefore, you cannot use logic to define or discuss theological issues.  i see you dont really like to figure things out through hints, so there, i spelled it out for you plain as possible
...  How many times did I need to indicate that I wished to discuss the idea of God from a logical perspective?  Just forget it  How many times in how many different ways do you need to be told it's not possible? emoticon_rolleyes   A few have tried, look up some of "Montalban"'s posts, but it's a losing hand.  Waxy
How many times did I need to indicate that I wished to discuss the idea of God from a logical perspective?   Just forget it this is a waste of a wish that could have been used elsewhere.  would you be willing to discuss the idea of God from an obscure philosophical perspective? i didnt think so... sometimes you just cant have it your way emoticon_rolleyes
Everyone has a belief in something, even if it turns out that you don't believe in anything. Then you BELIEVE in nothing, nothing is what you believe in, you cannot dispute that statement. Surely you can grasp that much? When you take a drink from a cup, you believe that there is a cup in your hand, only because you feel it there and you see it there, but those two sensations are the only forms of proof that you have that the cup exists and believe me that is just what they are, sensations. Your powers to believe beyond what is physical and visible are weak or none existent, so you don't believe. Happy are those who believe yet have not seen.  Besides who started the universe and don't say it was the big bang because I'll say who started the big bang?  It makes more sense to say it was started by someone that has always existed, by someone that never started but always was.  Something can start from nothing??? I don't think so, but that is what you are saying when you say you don't believe in God, and what sort of science is that you believe in? "The universe started from nothing".  Now that is a silly concept!
The universe cannot be responsible for its own creation.  Cheers....
Let's see how you deal with me.   Alright, all facts are actually beliefs.   Why does it make more sense for something to originally exist?   If the big bang needed a start, who started God?   It is well known that the big bang started, scientist all agree, but I never said God started, he all ways was, there was no beginning.   He has always existed.  He is the force that has always existed, the force that started the big bang. If I said such and such started God, then you would just ask who started such and such, God is the be all and end all.
   Can you rephrase that in English.   Sure: It makes more sense to say it was started by someone that has always existed, by someone that never started but always was.  emoticon_xgood
If you don't have a problem with God always existing, why do you have a problem with our universe always existing (even before the big bang, the universe still existed. It was just a immensly dense neutron star, which favored the big band, which in turn made the neutron star into something more similar to what we see today)?  If you think it's fair to ask, "What's before the Big Bang?" I think it's only fair I get to ask, "What's before God?"   No, because God is a capable of exercising force, an ultra dense neutron star would need something to trigger it off into the universe. Whatever started this, has to have a conscience, since we have consciences, since a conscience cannot exist unless it has always existed some where.
Jimmyjacks, then you have a contridiction. You attack the big bang as it has no origin yet you make a exception for God. You cannot do that without sacrificing the prinicipals of debate.   That means your argument revolves around a double standard and such has no intention of proving anything. Your thread is merely a bashing one.   What is more believable:  A being of uncomprehdable power existing forever without logical reason, or a single hydrogen atom popping into existance.   Then your argument too is flawed by the same principals of debate.
Because? The conventional big bang is just as unlikely as God. Therefore your claim is wrong.   However the current believe mainly among physicists and astronomers is that there is no end and there is no beginning to the universe. Expansionary theories along with contractionary theories that are being observed have led many to believe that the current universe was born from the death of the last universe. There is no end and there is no beginning.  You are out of your league.  Just as I said there is no beginning to God and there is no end.  He always was.
Except you attack the big bang for lacking a origin. If you are going to apply the logic that the big bang is wrong because it has no origin, then you must apply it to God if you wish to appear as anything but a devious fool.   I take it you concede your earlier claim about me is wrong?    Furthermore, your argument is chidlish. Using such logic, and applying the true skeptic forumla, a belief in God is just as credible as a belief that you exist. You cannot prove neither. As such, claiming that God is real, or that it exists it foolish. Not to mention that you have directly violated the belief of God by limiting its power and therefore violating the notion of ominipotence.  You are way out of your league.    I do believe in the big bang, I believe God started it; there is nothing wrong in that statement, so I concede nothing. Everything is based on belief, and I believe you are wrong.
And I believe that you're a smelly hobbit who goes by the name of Frodo Baggins.    That's not the point, but your inability to address counter arguments as well as support your own does prove my claim that you are out of your league.  If you wish to continue avoiding your own argument and counter arguments, you're going to have a rough time here TOMHARRYBILL. Btw, being banned several times is a sign that you're not welcome here.   Not so, it is quite simple: I believe in the big bang, I also believe God started it, I believe because he has a conscience that he has the power to start it. Whereas your argument is that a dense star started it, its self! That is less believable by anyone's logic, and is just plain stupid. So you are the one having a rough time since I have just smashed your argument and perspective to pieces.  Fool of a took!
So I hear that the opium crop from Afghanistan just bloomed.  It appears you must have some from the last harvest.  A dense star? Please, show me where I said this. In fact, I don't recall even stating a star, much less as it as the origin. Oddly Trebor points out that you claimed it, not I.   How did you even remotely deal with my argument? As I see it, you fabricated the star part.   You failed to address the origin standard You failed to address the skeptic problem You failed to address your false claim about my argument You failed to address how you violated the principals of a Diety  Seriously, Tomharrybill, registered a new screen name when you've been banned  2+ times is just childish.  You prove those claims, would dearly love to see the proof of that.
Anyone who claims something can start from nothing is a fool, so to say that the universe started from nothing is foolish. But if something that has never started, yet has always existed, starts something, then that makes logical sense and has to be the accepted scenario.   Anyone that says otherwise is saying the universe started from nothing, err no!
  Seriously, Tomharrybill, registered a new screen name when you've been banned  2+ times is just childish.  Prove it!!!!!
Anyone who claims something can start from nothing is a fool, so to say that the universe started from nothing is foolish. But if something that has never started, yet has always existed, starts something, then that makes logical sense and has to be the accepted scenario.  Anyone that says otherwise is saying the universe started from nothing, err no!  You cannot handle that statement.
1) You are from the same forum 2) You have the same beliefs 3) You post in the same fashion 4) Your posts are typed in the same style 5) Your word choice, particuarly on gays is virtually identical 6) You post at the same times that he did  Need I go on?   You cannot deal with that fact you have different standards for different arguments and excuse the problems of yours away while attacking the problems of others.  WHAT YOU CALL THAT PROOF? Hey, I bet your from the USA, and your legal justice system is outrageous, you people have a history of locking people up without proof, I see where your inability to judge comes from, must be a trait of all Americans.  Sorry but you are wrong!
Anyone who claims something can start from nothing is a fool, so to say that the universe started from nothing is foolish. But if something that has never started, yet has always existed, starts something, then that makes logical sense and has to be the accepted scenario.  Anyone that says otherwise is saying the universe started from nothing, err no!  You cannot handle that statement.
this may be the first problem you need to address. the big bang theory is even more tentative than that of evolution. there are other less popular but equally valid scientific explanations for thw beginning of the universe. in fact, the big bang event as you know it may very well be explained away or replaced with a more suitable theory, so how do you deal with that? a theory isnt valid because god fits into it, its valid because the evidence fits into it  other than that, there are a number of problems with god that are outstanding and unresolved. since this thread is titled 'god', maybe they can be addressed here.  1. god has no definition 2. god has no examples of manifestation 3. god has no recognizable form or features that could identify him if he were to show up 4. god has no consistency (comparing what is in the bible with reality) 5. god has no means of communicating to people in an unambiguous way 6. god has no appeal or interest to all humans (there are nations of people that god has never occured to)  i can think of more, but lets see if anything can be done with these first   No, I started this tread and I asked this:  "Anyone who claims something can start from nothing is a fool; so to say that the universe started from nothing is foolish. But if something that has never started, yet has always existed, starts something, then that makes logical sense and has to be the accepted scenario.  Anyone that says otherwise is saying the universe started from nothing, err no!  You cannot handle that statement."  So you deal with this first!
Read "A brief history of time" by Stephen Hawking.
I believe you mean "Hawking".  I believe you meant "Hawking" is what you should say.
That would be futile, I would just get another ISP, and I would use my IP disuse programmes to get back at you, you can't escape free speech these days.   I guess you want a forum, where you debate with people of the same opinion, nice.  This just shows that you can't handle the comments I post.  I WIN basically.
step right up!. allow me to demonstrate. ill need a volunteer from the audience please  provide a definition of God and i will prove God's existence or non-existence with the wave of my hand (the definition should be conclusive, complete and precise. any modifications to the definition will require a modification to the proof, but modifications are accepted) OK unkerpaulie: here's an old favorite that you might recognise - it's attributed to St Anselm, Archbishop of Canterbury in the eleventh century.   Briefly, we understand by God a being greater than which nothing can be thought. This idea exists clearly in our mind: it is the idea of a being possessing every perfection and every positive attribute. But if the object of this idea was to exist solely in our mind and not in reality, there would be an idea of something else superior to it - namely of a being that possessed not only all the perfections already conceived, but also the additional perfection of real existence. Which is contrary to hypothesis - hence the idea of a most perfect being must correspond to reality. Existence belongs to the nature of the most perfect being: it follows from his nature that he exists. In other words, he exists necessarily and not contingently.   This is a definition and a "proof" of existence: now put them both to the sword if you can.
step right up!. allow me to demonstrate. ill need a volunteer from the audience please  provide a definition of God and i will prove God's existence or non-existence with the wave of my hand (the definition should be conclusive, complete and precise. any modifications to the definition will require a modification to the proof, but modifications are accepted)  Ok, here's my definition:  God is an omnipotent, omniscient being that works in mysterious ways.
nice.  a few problems with the definition. what exactly is a "mysterious way". can we identify a mysterious way when it occurs? lets say i do something you dont understand or didnt expect. that would be me working in a mysterious way from your viewpoint, right?  also, omnipotent: defined as the ability to do anything that can be possibly done. the impossible cannot be done by such a being. omniscient: defined as the having the knowledge of everything that can be known. the unknowable cannot be known  ok, with these mini-definitions out of the way (provided we agree on them), we can identify things that are impossible (and therefore not required as an ability of God). such things include creating round squares, turning chalk into trees, and converting water into wine. if these things are possible, then God would be able to to them. however, i contend that these things are impossible, and out of the range of God's abilities  as for knowledge, what is universally unknown is universally unknown, and we cannot determine if unknown knowledge exists or not. if unknown knowledge exists, it is not knowledge until it is known (it sounds kinda technical/semantical, but thats how knowledge must be treated). so all things that are known is collectively everything that is knowable.  there is an entity that has the ability to do everything that is possible, possesses all knowledge, and moves in mysterious ways  therefoe God, by this definition, exists  Leaving your defintions aside for a bit (I'm not real happy with your take on omnipotent/onmiscient) at the end there you simply state that an entity which matches the defintions exists. You forgot to add the proof. :)
very well, sir. and thank you lets deal with the definition first. the being God is described as possessing "every perfection" and "every positive attribute".  perfection is subjective, and defined by the judge of the thing, based on a subjective standard. there are no objective standards by which to determine, say, the perfect nose. is it a ratio to the area of the face, a certain length in millimeters and angle in degrees? a certain texture and surface finish? is there such a thing as a nose that no modifications could be made to? perfection only exists when the subjective judgement of the viewer says so. The ontological argument - to give it its "correct" label - has often been attacked on the grounds you have chosen.   What you say about a nose is of course an aesthetic judgment and entirely subjective. But we are not talking about noses here; it's the idea of perfection we have in focus. Ideas are internal to the thinker and it is merely our judgment that relates to the external world. So we could have a perfect idea of a perfect being but still have faults in our judgement. Having an idea of perfection does not imply that the thinker is perfect in some way.   You might further propose that it is possible to have other (godless) ideas that are also themselves in some way perfect - for instance the idea of a perfect square, say 3 x 3 = 9, an idea that cannot be false as it relates to and describes an aspect of perfection: no judgment is involved here. But such an idea doesn't prove the existence of anything, it merely demonstrates that it is possible for an imperfect being to have a concept of perfection. So if it is possible for an imperfect being to have an idea of a perfect square, isn't it also possible to have an idea of a perfect being without reference to the world that is external to the mind ?  Ultimately, if we pursue this line of reasoning, we shall end up with the question of whether God did or did not give you an idea: something which I suspect will be impossible to prove - either way. the phrase "every positive attribute" implies that a being can also possess negative and neutral attributes. the "positivity" of an attribute is also highly subjective. something is only positive when the majority agrees that it is. and whether something is positive or not also depends on the context. is killing someone a positive thing or a negative thing? it depends, largely on the consensus and on the context. is doing things to the approval of the consensus a positive thing? by definition it is. but what the majority deems as positive may not be good, which is negative. so, besides being subjective, a positive attribute can also be ambiguously defined This attack mimics the one on "perfection" and is susceptible to the same counter argument - i.e. that ideas of positive and negative attributes can be internal to the thinker and not necessarily subjective judgments relating to the external world. Consensus doesn't apply to the interior reasonings we are talking about.   as for the proof, its really not a proof at all. if God is defined as a perfect being in reality, that does not mean that God exists. if i define a ufo as a flying spacecraft from another planet in reality, that does not make such things exist. its just a definition. i really dont see how that can be even considered a proof  basically, the definition: "a being possessing every perfection and every positive attribute" is not a true definition, because both perfection and positive attributes are subjective. so theres really nothing to work with here  God, by this definition, doesnt exist Well, according to Descartes, if I have an idea of a most perfect being, I shall distinctly perceive that such a being must contain all perfections - including reality in every degree. So this idea also contains existence. God's essence is to exist, and of no other thing can this be said. (Existence in everything else being contingent.)   To refute these arguments, and some philosophers doubt they can be refuted, I think you will need to take another tack.
i'd love to hear your take on my definitions of omnipotent/omniscient, which is why i left them open  as for the proof: there exists, in reality, an entity that moves in mysterious ways (as per my definition), and possesses omnipotence and omniscience (as per my definitions)  this entity is also known (collectively) as mankind  Mankind is not an entity, it's a collection of entities, and so doesn't qualify. And mankind doesn't even meet all your defintions. Natural echo-location is possible, but we can't do it. Living in boiling water, or ice water, is possible, but we can't do it.   Be that as it may, let's hit the definitions. I would use the standard ones.  omniscient: Knows everything that has occured and is occuring right now. (Let's assume that knowledge of the future is not required)  omnipotent: able to do anything that is not logically impossible.  Logically impossible? For example, make a square circle, make 1+1=3, make a boulder so large he couldn't lift it. Everything else he could do, for example raise the dead, instant teleportation, matter transmutation.  mysertious ways: Simply put, his motivations need not be clear to us, or even understandable.  These are, I believe, the more common useage of those terms. Care to take another shot?
mankind can achieve echo-location, and live in boiling or freezing water. of course some extra devices are usually necessary, but i dont know if youd consider it "unnatural" Until you can show me a baby who was born wearing a dry suit I will consider them unnatural, yes. :)   mine is slightly different: possessing all knowledge that currently exists (meaning that knowledge can be newly gained, or totally lost). could there be "no knowledge of something that happened in the past"? if no knowledge of something exists, then not having knowledge of it still makes you omniscient, doesnt it? No. Omniscience doesn't mean that you know everything that everyone else knows, it mean you know everything, past and present.   raising the dead would require the reversal of irreversable chemical reactions. these chemicals react based on the laws of nature. how logical is it to override a law of nature on a substance subject to the laws of nature? the same could be said about the other feats you listed  The first steam boat to cross the Atlantic carried a book proving that it was impossible for a steam boat to cross the Atlantic. That which you are calling physically impossible could be quite possible to someone with a deeper grasp of, or the ability to manipulate, the basic laws of nature. If you could imagine it, an onmipotent being could do it.   the internal definition are what we can further fine-tune. once i get your final say on these definitions i'll recalculate God's existence Seems to me that since you issued the challenge, you really should use the defintions provided to you. You asked for our defintions of God, and I've supplied that, along with definitions of the terms I used. If you need further clarification that's fine, but you shouldn't be providing alternate definitions.
those are not alternate definitions, but clarification requests  for example, omniscience means possession of knowledge of all things, past and present (your definition). my question is, does the knowledge of what lies at the bottom of the deepest abyss in the ocean exist? does knowledge of what lies beyond the scope of the hubble exist? because non-existent knowledge need not apply in the definition.  also, omnipotent means having the ability to do anything logically possible (your definition again). is overriding the laws of physics logically possible? is it logically possible for 2 like poles to attract? is it logically possible for 2 objects to exert different opposite forces on each other? because overriding the laws of physics is but a small step from saying 1+1=3, which you already declared as an impossibility. so, what exactly logically possible? think about it  my questions to you only serve to fine tune the definitions you gave, to make sure we cover all bases and no sematic or technical problems come up later. im sure you can live with that  I'm afraid you are giving different definitions, although unintentionally. I did not say that omniscience meant possesing all knowledge, I said it meant knowing everything. The difference, as you point out, is that knowledge is accumulated information. Omniscience is not having access to all acquired info, it's having access to all info, period.  And I do believe I answered your question about omnipotence before. Is it logically possible to overcome the laws of nature? Yes, it is. We know for a fact that we don't know or fully understand all of the laws of nature, therefore logcially we cannot preclude the possiblity that they are mutable in some way. The fact that we don't know how to do it does not make it logically impossible.  Everything clear?
i'm afraid not. it cannot be logical to break the rules of physics, yet adhere to the rule that 1+1=3. if it is logical to override the laws of physics, then it is logical to state that 1+1=3, which is illogical. if both is true for God, then God is self-contradictory and cannot exist  Not at all true. It was a law of physics that F=ma, until Einstien came along and showed that that law doesn't work near the speed of light, and isn't even really true at mundane speeds. We have no "root cause" for how the laws of physics work, so there's no reason to believe that they're carved in stone. There may be ways around any or all of them, for all we know. The same cannot be said for simple arithmetic. Math is grounded in logic, so for math to fail logic must fail. Physics is grounded in observation, and it can fail if the observations missed something, which is not hard to imagine.
  God, by this definition, doesnt exist   im sorry what definition?? your sorry excuse for a belief called evolution?
the laws of physics do not change. an undiscovered law always exists. einstienian physics did not become true when einstien discovered it. it was always true If there are fundamental laws then they might always be true, but we don't know that the laws we have are those laws. We thought F=ma was true, but it isn't. We think Einstien's laws are correct, but we can't be sure   both physics and math are grounded in logic. This is absolutely not true, and is clearly the source of your confusion. Math is, as you say, based on logic. Physics is not. It absolutely isn't. It's based on observation and reasoning. To get F=ma we did not sit down with some axioms and manipulate them according to logical rules until we reached our conclusion (which is how we derive everything in math). We applied forces to masses and measured the acceleration. The relationship F=ma always emerged and so we figured it always would. That's good reasoning, but it isn't logic. There is no logical basis to assume that F=ma will always hold. If, for example, someone could manipulate the strings which make up the subatomic particles in our mass they could, theoretically, decouple the mass and the inertia, so that the mass would decrease while the inertia stays the same. In that case the new equation could be F=2ma. There is nothing that makes this a logical impossibility.  whether we know the formulae or not, the formulae always hold. Just to hammer home the point, we have no way of knowing that the formulae we use are in fact the correct formulae. F=ma has been shown to be wrong, who knows what else we believe to be correct is also wrong? We believe something to be physically impossible now, based on our current understanding of physics, but that doesn't logically mean that there's no way to do it. It just means that we don't know how. Physics is not based on logic, which we can be sure of, but on observation and reason, which always carries the possiblity of error and incompleteness.
kronus, apparently you think that logic and reasoning are 2 unrelated and mutually exclusive disciplines. they are not. even though the laws of physics are derived by observation and reasoning, none of them would work without the logic of math. the law that states that energy is never created or destroyed, but only transfered (for example) would only work if 1+1=2. thats where the logic comes in. at some point the variables must be substituted with values, and the values must abide by the rules of logic to produce a logical result  if the God of your definition can input values into the same formula, and get results different from that of math under logic, then he is illogical   Logic and reasoning are related but distinct entities, the major difference being that logic is much more rigorous. Properly constructed logic must be correct, and its correctness can be demonstrated. The best one can say for a line of reasoning is that it seems correct, given what we know. It's correctness can not be demonstrated with the 100% certainty that a logical conclusion can be.  As for the rest of what you say, please read my post again. I give a very clear example of how what we call a law of physics could be completely invalidated without having to violate math or logic. And allow me to expand on that example. You say that there are laws of physics, know or unknown. We don't know that. It is possible that all the things that we call physical constants are in fact malliable, if you know how to do it. All the relationships that we think are fact, like F=ma, may be adjustable. We don't know the root cause of anything in physics, and given that we can't say that the root cause is fixed. It is logically possible that the underlying nature of reality is completely malliable to one who knows how to do it, and such a person would be able to do pretty much anything that you could imagine, simply by rewriting the "laws" to suit themselves.
read the thread. evolution was never mentioned   i mentioned it! i dont know where you are?
  ok. let's assume that x is something we can imagine an omnipotent God doing. this would mean that our omnipotent God can actually do x in reality (from the descartes argument). God's ability to do x in reality would imply that turning water into wine is a logical process (since God cannot do the illogical). the process of x, therefore, must be governed by existing laws of physics, even if these laws dictate that constants can be possibly manipulated  now substitute x for turning water into wine, raising the dead, teleporting solid objects, etc (remember, as long as you can imagine it, you can substitute for x)  does that sum it up correctly?  It's close. The only yellow flag I see is the use of the word law, which I have been playing a little fast and loose with. A law in physics is generally considered immutable. What I'm proposing is that it is logically possible that there are no immutable laws, although I can't think of a term to describe such a thing. It is logically possible that anything which appears to be a physical law or a constant is in fact changable. An omnipotent being would have the ability to do so at will.  And just a quick nit pick. You said that God cannot do the illogical. He certainly could act illogically, that would fall under the "acts in mysterious ways" clause. He just can't do the logically impossible. I'm sure that's what you meant, but I wanted to make sure.
i mentioned it! i dont know where you are?  We're in a thread having an intelligent discussion. You're trying to hijack it, and we'd appreciate it if you didn't. If you have anything relevent to contribute then that's another matter.
I've attempted to respond to this post a couple of times, but my computer "thinks" this thread is cursed, and has managed to scramble my text on each occasion. So I'll have another try. yes, and i suppose an idea of perfection can exist, in a thinker's mind, and subjective to the thinker's standards of perfection. i could also point out that an imperfect thinker, with no reference or standard of "objective" perfection, is incapable of having a perfect idea of anything. therefore the argument falls apart at the first premise, since an "idea of perfection" cannot exist, unless the thinker himself is perfect, which would make him God by his own definition. It is not impossible for an imperfect thinker to have an idea of a being greater than which nothing can be thought - i.e. a "perfect" entity. Consider: if my introspection has convinced me that I not only exist as a thinking "organism", but also that I am prone to error, that my knowledge of the external world is patchy at best, and that I am limited in all my endeavours etc. - then I can conclude that my nature is finite and imperfect.  But how can I think of my imperfection without the associated idea of its opposite ? How can I describe myself in these terms except by contrast with the contrary ? These skeptical reflections lead back to the assurance that I am capable of having the original idea (of perfection) and that I do not need to be the perfect God almighty in order to think about perfection.  i dont think you can describe 3 x 3 = 9 as a perfect square (unless you also define an "imperfect square", like 0.09, or 12). but i pretty much get your idea. the adjective "perfect" attached to something abstract (like an idea or principle) isnt as easily translated to something physical, like a being. A rectangle with equilateral sides is a perfect square - so my illustration that 3 x 3 = 9 and thus a perfect square, does not need to be contrasted with an "imperfect" square; it is perfect by definition.   if i say to you that i possess in my mind the idea of a unicorn that exists in reality, does that make the existence of unicorns real? percieving somefthing in the mind is still a far cry from that thing being so. to me this is not a proof at all The fact that a fiction can be imagined does not provide an analogy that shows how the ontological argument can be refuted. We are not discussing imaginary animals, but whether an imperfect being can have an idea of perfection.  as for God's existence being incontingent, apparently, if descartes, or somebody else so inclined, didnt at first imagine the existence os a perfect being, then project this idea into reality on the basis of it being perfect in all aspects, then God's existence itself is contingent on descartes having such an idea in the first place, not to mention descartes' perspective and standard of perfection. this makes God's existence pretty contingent This is the best argument you've come up with: there is a problem with the subjectivity of the idea of the perfect God (indeed all abstract ideas) - unless we agree with Descartes and think that we can rely on the absolute integrity of our reasoning powers. This "integrity" is obviously open to doubt and can be criticised by the observation that our reason is and only can be applied from our own point of view - which is that of limited and experience-bound creatures who are part of nature.
if there are indeed no immutable laws in physics, then that in itself must be an immutable law of physics. physics is a logical discipline because it provides consistent and replicable results for the same input. for example, if you exert a force downward on an object, that object will exert a force of equal magnitude upward on you. if, by some means, you could exert a force downard on an object, and not experience an equal and opposite force upward on you, then this law would be an immutable law. it would mean that the forces do no balance, that the sides of the equation do not add up, that 1+1 is not 2.  Today F=ma. You insist on calling that logical. What if tomorrow an omnipotent being changes the law such that F=2ma? Is that illogical? No, as long as when m=1 and a=1, you get F=2. And if the day after F=10ma we're still following logic, as long as when m=1 and a=1, F=10. Everything still adds up, logic and math still work, but you're getting different answers because the law is being changed.    the laws of physics work because they adhere to the laws of logic. both are intertwined. if the application of a law of physics can produce a certain result today, and a different result tomorrow, then either a new law is in effect, or an illogical phenomenon has occured  Exactly! An omnipotent being could cause a new law to be in effect.    anyway, the point of my "summation" is that if God exists, then anything we can possibly imagine becomes a law of physics and a logical occurance. God's existence would mean that walking in thin air, breathing in lava, reanimating rocks and travelling through time are all logical. in fact, it would mean that it is impossible to imagine the illogical, and whatever can be possibly imagined is already logical and in harmony with the existing laws of physics.  That last bit is so clearly wrong that I have to assume I'm missing your point. We have what appear to be physical laws to us, which make certain things impossible for us. Just because an omnipotent being could change the laws that doesn't mean he has or will. Until a law gets changed we're still bound by it, and so many things are still impossible for us. The existence of an omnipotent being doesn't make everything possible for everyone, just for the omnipotent being. Put another way, just because an OB could turn off gravity doesn't mean there isn't any gravity now.
hold on. can God transform a bucket of sand into a bucket of water?  yes   if the answer is yes, then such a transformation must be logical.  That's a weird use of the word logical, I'd say possible, or not logically impossible. But whatever.   also, if this can be done by changing the laws of physics, that would mean that the laws are currently changeable. therefore either laws of nature are constant, or God exists  Yes, for something to be omnipotent there must be some way to change what we call the laws of nature.   you say that maybe they are changeable. its either they are or not. and if they are not, then God, by your definition, doesnt exist If we knew that the laws were utterly unchangeable, then we would know that an omnipotent being could not exist. We don't know that the laws are unchangable, therefore the existence of an OB is logically possible.
 the "proof" of the ontological argument is simply: since the greatest being imaginable would be greater existing in rality than a being that only exists in the mind, then this greatest being imaginable must exist in reality  this is really a very shabby "proof". in fact, this is no proof at all. you start off with a hypothetical situation, and end up stating that since the hypothetical situation requires the existence of something, then that thing must exist... that doesnt sound like a proof to me. in fact, its really no different from my unicorn example You describe the ontological argument as "shabby" ( by which you mean it's threadbare, I suppose ?), yet you have failed to refute it. It's curious that you have chosen to edit out my concession on your only line of attack that has anything to commend it - I'm talking here about the argument (originated by Kant) which shows that we can rely on our reasoning powers only as long as they are applied from our own point of view. If we emancipate reason from the constraints of experience, it falls into self-induced illusions: this is why a "knowledge" of God's existence arrived at through the introspective procedure attributed to Descartes, is not persuasive.   There are three arguments for God's existence, supposedly based on pure reason, that are still "live issues" for modern students of philosophy: the teleological argument; the cosmological argument; and the ontological argument. We have only scratched the surface of one of them. Yet you seem to assume a certain air of almost smug satisfaction that you have succeeded in answering questions raised through the centuries by a number of profound thinkers whose ideas are still seriously discussed by professional philosophers.  We should be careful not to patronise, with mere intuitions, achievements in "applied rationality" - among which might be counted the ontological argument for the existence of God.
i'll try to break down the proof of the ontological argument and maybe we can see how this proof really works, and why it doesnt really seem to be any type of proof at all, to me  lets define God as a being which no greater being can be imagined this imagined being would be even greater if it actually existed in reality therefore this being must exist in reality to be as great as we imagine it to be  did i miss anything?  ok  lets define a unicorn as the greatest horse-like animal with a horn on its head than can be imagined this imagined being would be even greater if it actually existed in reality therefore this unicorn must exist in reality to be as great as i imagine it to be  proof that unicorns exist  sounds kinda shabby, doesnt it?   If we defined a unicorn as a being greater than which nothing can be thought (not imagined) which is how Anselm defined God, then "unicorn" would just be another word for "God".   The ontological argument isn't at all "shabby": it's ingenious, and has been examined by the philosophically inclined for centuries. It does not persuade me for the reasons which I gave in the first paragraph of my last post.  I'm surprised at your glib confidence that you can refute the argument in a mere twinkling and without paying any attention to Kant's very powerful critique.
i fail to see the distinction between "thought" and "imagined"  lets, then, define a unicorn as a horse-like animal with a horn on its head that exists in reality since this is our definition of a unicorn, a unicorn must exist  the ontological argument starts off with a very arbitrary definition of God as its first premise, then, based on that definition, concludes that God must exist, since the definition requires it. how is that any different from my proof that unicorns exist?  You can imagine anything you like: a unicorn with two heads, another with seventeen heads etc. But the ontological argument isn't concerned with stuff you can imagine; it's concerned with a theory of existence that is arrived at by the use of "pure reason".  You are mixing up categories, so I'll put it another way. Ontology is the theory of existence, or more cautiously, of what really exists as opposed to that which appears to exist but does not.   Some aficionados of ontology claim that many things exist that are not commonly acknowledged to do so - such as abstract entities, and what Kant called "things-in-themselves" which are inaccessible to empirical verification. Others have argued that many things commonly thought to exist, do not - e.g. material things and the theoretical entities of natural science. (Haven't you heard about Bishop Berkeley's phenomenalism and the story of how Samuel Johnson refuted it ?)
you are not answering the question. anslem's definition of God is what he uses to propel his argument and subsequent proof. my definition of a unicorn, or any other "thought" being i'd like to think up, would be just as valid in my argument and proof for the existence of that thing. how is it that a hypothetical being, defined as required to exist, can be concluded to exist in reality? there is no limit to the amount of hypothetical beings that can be thought up, and defined as required to exist. that does not make them exist in reality  i have a serious problem with you discounting the validity of my perspective simply because i am not relying on kant or any other historical critic of the argument. i also deliberately omit allusions to these classical critiques because i am tackling this argument from my own perspective. its not that i think i am intellectually superior or anything, because i dont. however i would appreciate if you dont presume that i am intellectually inferior to them either. i dont mind you sharing their perspective or methods, and i dont mind you using their rebuttals to refute my arguments either, but please dont discard my arguments as invalid if you havent even addressed them </rant< I have explained the introspective nature of the argument several times: I have conceded that it is open to doubt because our reasoning powers are reliable only so long as they are applied from our own point of view. I could also have added (which I did not for the sake of simplicity) that the argument assumes that existence is a true predicate: in other words when listing the properties of a thing, I am entitled to list existence as one of them. I shall leave you to point out the deficiency in this proposition.  I drew your attention to the input of Kant and Descartes on this matter not because I want to overpower you with sciolism, but because you insisted on describing the whole argument as "shabby": this struck me as rather glib and suggested a shallow perspective. The ontological argument has some deeper resonances than you appear willing to give it credit for.   If you are unhappy with our exchanges because you feel that your point of view is being discounted on frivolous grounds, then I can assure you that was not my intention
let me ask you all this.. isnt it easier to believe that God created the universe then to try and remeber all the processes in evolution? i.e. triassic and jurassic and all the rest of em. tell me which is easier..
lets look at a simple law in physics. the first law of thermodynamics: energy cannot be created or destroyed, simply transformed from one type of energy to another. an application of this law would be putting a hot iron bar in a bucket of water to cool. the heat it tranferred from the metal and into the water, air, bucket, and any other place the heat could get transfered too. and the metal bar becomes cooler than it was before.  can God take a piece of steel at 50 `C, put it in a bucket of water at 10`C, and cause the steel and water temperature to raise to 90`C without adding energy from an external source? Sure. The law you cite could be described thusly: Ei = Ef. Initial energy = Final energy. To have the event you describe occur God would simply change that law locally to be Ei = eps Ef, where eps is the multiplier needed to get the correct change in energy.    so far, your proof relies on the changability of the laws of physics in order for God by your definition to exist. you havent shown that the laws are changable, so your argument doesnt prove that God exists (i know you arent proving God's existence, the burden is not on you, just pointing something out). if the laws of physics are not changeable, then God, by your definition, does not exist. i just wanted to mention that. its why i keep asking these questions that may start to seem redundant I think we're on the same page here. For an omnipotent being to exist what we consider to be laws of physics must be mutable in some manner. If you could prove that the laws can't be changed, then that would prove that God, by my definition, doesn't exist.
 kronus, let me ask you something, based on the definition that god is all powerful. can god put a sealed container quarter-filled with water in the freezer, and and take it out, say the next morning, 3/4 full of ice?, without adding any more water? (we assume that the container is fluid-proof, and its a frost-free freezer. also, the container was weighed as well as the level checked. the ice weighs 3 times more than original, and the level is 3 times higher)  Glad you're back, I was hoping you hadn't abandoned this thread. :)  What you ask for is easy. You'ld just have to do two things. First, change the coefficient of expansion for freezing water such that instead of the 2% (or so) increase we see now, you get a 300% increase. Then, change the gravitational constatant of the universe in the area of the container so that it weighed three times as much. Alternatively, you could change the rest mass of all the sub-atomic particles such that they were all three times bigger; that should have the same result. Another possibility, if this doesn't violate your closed container rule, would be to simply convert energy directly into matter, in the form of water. That wouldn't even require any changes to the laws of physics.
 expanding the existing 1/4 liter of water 3X violates the law of expansion for this substance. and creating an isolated gravitational field right where the container is is contrary to the way gravity works, Remember, we're saying that an omnipotent being can change the laws of physics at will. Inside the container we would have different laws for expansion and gravity, and the water would obey those new laws.   the alternative method seems as though it would better achieve the results im looking for. are you saying that god has the power to find enough energy in a freezer that can be converted into enough matter to convert into that much water? Who says he needs to find the energy in the freezer? He could just open up a wormhole and funnel it in from wherever he likes. For that matter he could do the same thing to just add more water, but that seems to go against the spirit of what you're asking.
 another (and equally miraculous) way this could be done is to rip a hole in the fridge and container, get the water in, then "heal" the container and fridge back so that the rupture would be perfectly fixed.  regardless of how it is done, some serious laws of nature are going to be violated. you contend that in order for a god of your provided description to exist, such laws can be violated and still adhere to the laws of logic Don't say violated, say changed; it'll make it easier to wrap your head around. But yes, an omnipotent being must be able to change the laws of nature.    i must say this is truly the wierdest (most novel) justification for the existence of god i have ever come accross. and while i know that the laws of nature really cannot be twisted as described and still remain logical, its quite a challenge for me to get my head around it enough to express it properly. but i'm still working on this  Let's be careful here. I'm not trying to justify the existence of God. You asked for a defintion of God, and I gave you "An omnipotent, omniscient being that works in mysterious ways". You then asked for details on how various feats of omnipotence could be carried out. Naturally anything I come up with is going to sound wierd. Miracles are, by definition, wierd. Any "rational" explanation for miracles is going to sound odd, it can't be helped.  Edit: I felt this needed addressing. Why can't you change the laws and still be logical? I suspect this is going to be the thrust of your argument, so please be clear about this point. How is g=9.8 m/s^2 logical while g=2 m/s^2, or g=20m/s^2 not? If something violates logic, you can show that with logic. Please show how this isn't logical, if indeed that is where you're going with this. If not, then forget I asked. :)   So, do you have "omnipotence" under your belt? Ready to prove or disprove the existence of God, by my defintion?
yes, this is the key to the entire argument.   law: voltage = current x ressistance. you cannot experience a current of 12 amps by connecting a 4 ohm ressistor to a 2 volt battery  the laws of nature work because they are based on laws of logic.   I picked just one of your laws, any would have done. You say V = IR, and say that this is based on logic. That's where you're wrong. Logic only comes into play when you solve the math. There is absolutely no logical reason why V = IR is true, it just happened to work out that way. It could just have easily have been V = 2IR, or V = 10000000000IR. There is absolutely no logical reason why those equations couldn't have turned out to be the ones our universe follows. In a place where V = IR holds, a 2 volt battery and a 4 ohm resistor would give you .5 amps. However, if the law is changed to 24V = IR, then the same battery and resistor would give you 12 amps. We are applying the same rules of math and logic to a different law! That's the part that you seem to be missing here. The omnipotent being changes the laws of the universe. The change can be temporary, and it can be local, but the laws themselves are being changed.   And to address your water example, you're not quite correct. 1/4 liter of water will, in fact, give more than 1/4 liter of ice, without miracles, since ice is less dense than water. Let's forget macroscopic amounts and look at just one molecule of water. Given one molecule of water, what could an omnipotent being do to it? He could make it twice as large, he could make it twice as massive, he could make it move twice as fast, he could teleport in a second water molecule. What he couldn't do is have that one molecule be two molecules. He couldn't have it be one and two molecules at the same time. That would be 1=2, that would be illogical.
OK, Kronus, indulge me. I confess I have an unholy fascination with the physics of water.  Has anyone ever explained why water expands when it becomes a solid, rather than becoming denser, as is the normal case (or so I believe) in physics? What is it about the combo of hydrogen and oxygen in this case that yields a rather unruly entity?  This should go in the science section, but...  Water is polar. It's sort of V shaped, with the hydorgen at the ends of the arms having a positive charge and the oxygen at the bottom having a negative charge. In the liquid state the molecules are moving around too quickly for this to have a big effect. As the molecules slow down with cooling the charges start interacting, and the molecules line up in a crystline manner. This causes more open space between the molecules than you would get if they were randomly distributed, so the density decreases.
Polycarp  Polycarp (69? to 155 A.D.) is known to us as one of the early founding fathers of the Christian church, and was an early disciple of the apostle John. During his life, he attained to the position of bishop of Smyrna (Izmir, Turkey). He was acquainted with Ignatius, and for a time he represented the churches of Asia Minor in meeting with "Pope" Anicetus of Rome. His acquaintance with the apostle John and other early Christian leaders, and his gift of preaching and his devout character, gave him a position of great authority in the Asian churches. During the approximate year of 155 A.D., in the reign of Antoninus Pius, persecution came to the area of Smyrna, and a number of his disciples had been martyred. Polycarp was identified as the leader of the local church and was marked for execution. When he was given the option to recant of his faith and live, he replied, "Eighty and six years have I served Him (Jesus), and he hath done me no wrong. How can I speak evil of my King who saved me? He was subsequently burned at the stake rather than deny his faith and betray our Lord. His Epistle to the Philippians (about 110 A.D.) spoke of "Our Lord Jesus Christ having endured to come so far as to death for our sins, whom God raised, having loosed that pains of death." His final prayer before execution was that he "might take a portion in the number of martyrs in the cup of Christ, to the resurrection of eternal life both of soul and body in the incorruption of the Holy Ghost."
And what cause was Polycarp's except the cause of Christ, who's still trying to save you, John Hanks.
Please everyone, don't encourage EZ. This whole Polycarp thing is a deversion from what has been an otherwise intelligent and enjoyable discussion. I ask you to please treat it as such and not bite at his bait.
How could Jesus save anyone, when he couldn't even save himself?  Tsk, tsk.... Jesus wasn't even trying to save himself. He said, "It is for this very reason I have come to this hour."  I'm still waiting to hear where it is in your Tanakh where animal sacrifices for sin have been abolished?  Please everyone, don't encourage EZ. This whole Polycarp thing is a deversion from what has been an otherwise intelligent and enjoyable discussion.   Who are you, the Moderator?   Enjoyable for who? Those perishing who have yet to receive Christ? If you could get a glimpse for what's in store without salvation through Christ, your attitude would be a lot different I think.
UNIFICATION OF THE COVENANTS  From the Garden Covenants of Adam, through the Abrahamic Covenant, the Mosaic Covenant, the Davidic Covenant, and finally the New Covenant alluded to in Jeremiah 31:31-34, God's eternal plan calls for the future convergence and fulfillment of all covenants at some point in time immediately following the rebirth of the nation of Israel, which occurred in 1948. This "Unification of the Covenants" scripture is found in Ezekiel chapter 37, the chapter which prophesies the future restoration of the nation of Israel. Ezekiel 37:24-27 relates:  "My servant David will be king over them and they will all have one shepherd (fulfilling the Davidic Covenant). They will follow my laws and be careful to keep my decrees (alluding to the fulfillment of the structural law of the Mosaic Covenant). They will live in the land I gave to my servant Jacob, the land where your fathers lived (a fulfillment of the Abrahamic Covenant). They and their children and their children's children will live there forever, and David my servant will be their prince forever. I will make a covenant of peace with them; it will be an everlasting covenant (alluding to the New Covenant of Jesus Christ). I will establish them and increase their numbers, and I will put my sanctuary among them forever. My dwelling place will be with them; I will be their God, and they will be my people."  In this one scripture, God's word reveals His desire and intention to connect together, at some point in the future, the blessings and promises of each major covenant, as we see above. Certainly God promises to bring to pass the Messianic promises of the Adamic Covenant, as well as the continuation of life promised in the Noahic Covenant, so that in effect, all of the major covenants of the Bible find their fulfillment in the future unified New Covenant of Jesus Christ. Such verses as these, though sometimes hard to find, give credible and compelling evidence that God's progressive covenants did not just occur happenstance - they were carefully conceived and brought to fruition in the fullness of time to prove that God indeed keeps His promises - and that our God is a Covenant-Keeping God.
This ties right in to my first premise in the thread,"Eschatology."
Hi Bassman -  Yes! And that's a good passage to remember. Hardly anyone teaches on the unification of the Covenants. Most people are unaware of the ramifications of that passage.
Probably due to their hard-heartedness. It never ceases to amaze me how something as simple as faith in Christ can generate such a litany of hostility, attempts to explain away the Word, prophecy, etc. When I was first saved back in '89, the first thing I experienced was hope.
Consider it to be nothing more than noise.  Well it's a much better noise than that which is coming from your fantail.  Your 20 years of studying comparative religion was a wasted enterprise, because you still haven't found the truth. Not even close. You are unable to document your "divine" beliefs with anything but wild theories and conjecture. No evidence, nothing. You say all paths lead to God (except Biblical Christianity), which is absurd. Satan worship is the way to heaven? How ludicrous. Reincarnated Temple rats are the way to heaven?? How completely absurd. You have one of the most bizarre theories on earth. Must be 1,000 different religions or more out there. Most completely contradictory to each other. Whatever divine being of yours is the author of that contradictory mess must be psychotic at best. You can't even defend that sort of thing with a straight face. It's bizarre, contradictory, unrealistic, unsupported by any sensible evidence or rationale, and a wisp of smoke in the dark.  When you decide to come out of the closet and tell us who your so-called "god" is (you know, the one who approves of gay sex, fornication, Wiccanism, and the worship of Satan), and where it lives, etc., you will start to gain credibility around here for being knowledgeable and fair minded. It's not enough to constantly bark at other people's religions - if you want to run with the big dogs you have to be able to document your own beliefs. Which you are unable to do.
Probably due to their hard-heartedness. It never ceases to amaze me how something as simple as faith in Christ can generate such a litany of hostility, attempts to explain away the Word, prophecy, etc. When I was first saved back in '89, the first thing I experienced was hope.  It's called prejudice. It's the acceptable form of hate in our culture--they can say anything they want about Christianity because it's PC to do so these days. Screw the feelings of those who are Christian. emoticon_rolleyes   Make no mistake--they do it because they enjoy it.
Probably due to their hard-heartedness. It never ceases to amaze me how something as simple as faith in Christ can generate such a litany of hostility, attempts to explain away the Word, prophecy, etc. When I was first saved back in '89, the first thing I experienced was hope.I suggest you read the posts coming from so-called christians. The venomous and hateful rhetoric spewing out is appalling. That is why I continue to speak out to show these anti-christian zealots for the frauds that they are. It is embarrassing that you align yourself with their words.
I suggest you read the posts coming from so-called christians. The venomous and hateful rhetoric spewing out is appalling. That is why I continue to speak out to show these anti-christian zealots for the frauds that they are. It is embarrassing that you align yourself with their words. Howard, Howard, Howard. EZ, Jyoshu, myself, and others who name the name of Christ have told you ad nauseum that it is not wrong to expose sin for what it is. Your position of "tolerance" does not line up with the Word of God, nor does it line up with Christ's teachings. Christ spoke of sin and repentance more than He did love.
I still wonder if Howard Beale acknowledges Jesus as his Lord and Savior for the remission of his sins? If he likes Karen Armstrong, then I really have questions.   Howard? Can you enlighten us on this?
I doubt the closed debate did any good.
Why don't you let Howard answer the question, Orion? He's ducked a fair number of them already, just like you continually duck explaining your own liberal paganism.
Bassman: Howard, Howard, Howard. EZ, Jyoshu, myself, and others who name the name of Christ have told you ad nauseum that it is not wrong to expose sin for what it is. Your position of "tolerance" does not line up with the Word of God, nor does it line up with Christ's teachings. Christ spoke of sin and repentance more than He did love.My position of "tolerance" is the position Jesus espoused. "Love one another." 'Judge not lest you be judged." "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone." Love thine enemies."   To say that Jesus spoke more about sin than he did about love simply demonstrates how little you know his message. Jesus message is one of love and unity. You message is one of self-righteousness and judgment. Show me one word that Jesus said that gives you the right to judge your fellow man? I can show you ten where he exhorts his followers to love their fellow man. You have obviously not studied the words of Jesus   It is obvious that though you use the term Christian to describe your beliefs, your beliefs are not Christian at all. I consistently ask for words of Jesus that support your beliefs and you consistently can't come up with any. I consistently ask you to reconcile your beliefs with words of Jesus and you can't do that either. You then demean yourselves by stooping to name calling and vitriol, very un-Christian conduct. I was hoping that you were Biblicans, but you don't even behave in a manner becoming a Biblican. It is possible that you are simply members of some hateful cult. There is some evidence to support that, not conclusive evidence.   Bassman: I doubt the closed debate did any good.You're right about that. Your un-Christian rhetoric continues and your blasphemous description of yourselves as Christian continues.
EZ: I still wonder if Howard Beale acknowledges Jesus as his Lord and Savior for the remission of his sins? If he likes Karen Armstrong, then I really have questions.   Howard? Can you enlighten us on this?  Why don't you let Howard answer the question, Orion? He's ducked a fair number of them already, just like you continually duck explaining your own liberal paganism.You are the one who has ducked every question put to you. Your hateful and un-Christian rhetoric exposes you for what you truly are.  It may well be those of your ilk that Jesus was speaking of when he said: "Not that which goeth into the mouth defileth a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defileth a man." (Mt:15:11)
Maximus:  Regarding Catholic Church teachings that I said were in not espoused by Jesus. I note first that you did not contradict my contention that the Doctrine of Papal Infallibility was not taught by Jesus. You also did not contradict my statement that Jesus did not preach about a "triune God."  You quote me: Here are only two instances: Matthew 6:5-6 Mt 6:5: And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward. 6: But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.  All those services in Churches and in Vatican Square are in direct opposition to this.  Maximus: Jesus would be contradicting himself if one reads this verse to mean that one should pray in a closet. Your interpretations of the verse are way off.  Please quote me Chapter and verse where you think Jesus says something that contradicts Matthew 6:5-6.  Maximus: I wonder Howard, if you pray, do you pray in a closet? How literally do you take this lesson of Jesus? He was obviously attempting to make a point.   There is nothing wrong with praying in public. There is nothing wrong with repitition in prayer. There is something wrong with vain repetition. There is something wrong with hypocrisy. This was what Jesus was condemning--vain, hypocritical, attention grabbing, false prayer.Jesus is clear about how to pray. The fact that you have a problem with it is fine. Your position is simply not a Christian one, mine is. You are entitled to your non-Christian position. I am entitled to my Christian one.  Maximus: Remember the verses that I previously quoted to Alan, showing Jesus did not mind religious interaction in public: He had an attraction to the temple as a child (Luke 2:46). He frequently taught and healed in the synagogues Matthew 4:23, 9:35, 13:54. Mark 1:21-23, 1:39, 3:1.Your position is silly at best and underhanded and conniving at worst. Are you saying that "prayer" and "religious interaction" are synonymous?   I will quote every verse you refer to above. What am I to believe about you when not one verse, NOT ONE says anything about prayer or praying? Do you even have a New Testament to refer to? Have you ever read it? Read the passages. Show me where Jesus contradicts himself in advising us about how to pray.  Luke 2:46: And it came to pass, that after three days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and asking them questions.  Mt 4:23: And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people.  Mt 9:35: And Jesus went about all the cities and villages, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing every sickness and every disease among the people.  Mt 13:54: And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?  Mark 1:21: And they went into Capernaum; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue, and taught. 22: And they were astonished at his doctrine: for he taught them as one that had authority, and not as the scribes. 23: And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit; and he cried out,  Mark 1:39: And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee, and cast out devils.  Mark 3: 1: And he entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand.  Maximus: Also remember Matt. 26:44 - Jesus prayed a third time in the garden of Gethsemane--not in a closet--others were present.The same issue again. Are you simply uninformed? Do you bother to read what you site to support your position, or is it something much more malicious? Here is the verse you site:  Mt 26:44: And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words.  Matthew 26 makes a point of saying that Jesus went off by himself to pray. Not mentioning that is the height of deviousness and hypocrisy on your part. It demonstrates that you have a greater interest in having Jesus fit your preconception than in understanding what he actually said and meant.   Maximus: Lastly, I wonder if the Sermon on the Mount where thousands were present would be something similar to a Vatican Square service of our times?  Jesus was teaching not praying and you should know that if you have read the Gospels. The Pope says, "Let us pray" and leads prayers in Vatican Square. There is a difference.  Read the words of Jesus. They are clear and simple.   You quote me again: Second: Matthew 19:21 Mt 19:21: Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me.  Maximus: The Catholic Church has millions to give for child abuse settlements. Shouldn't the church have already given all that money to children? It is the richest corporation in the world.  The Catholic Church is one of the largest charitable organizations in the world--probaby in the top 3--it was the largest not very long ago.  The Catholic Church, along with the Orthodox, is the only one that I know of that requires its priests to take a vow of poverty. They must give up everything to serve the kingdom.Either you have no experience with Catholic clergy or you are completely deluded. Have you ever eaten in the Vatican dining room? What about a Bishop's or Cardinal's dining hall? Have you ever seen one? Have you seen the Pope's estates in Italy? In France? The Cardinal's estates in Spain and Portugal? Are you kidding? Are you aware that Catholic clergy have been excommunicated for inferring that it is immoral that the Catholic Church has such rich "earthly possessions" and there are people starving?   Maximus: Much of the vast riches of the Church is art created in praise of God. (Remeber that even more is land and property used to serve the people). But concerning the art, it is good to remember Jesus' words in Matthew 26:8-10,  " While Jesus was in Bethany in the home of a man known as Simon the Leper, a woman came to him with an alabaster jar of very expensive perfume, which she poured on his head as he was reclining at the table.  When the disciples saw this, they were indignant. "Why this waste?" they asked. "This perfume could have been sold at a high price and the money given to the poor."  Aware of this, Jesus said to them, "Why are you bothering this woman? She has done a beautiful thing to me. The poor you will always have with you, but you will not always have me. When she poured this perfume on my body, she did it to prepare me for burial. I tell you the truth, wherever this gospel is preached throughout what she has done will also be told, in memory of her."   So by the above story we know that Jesus' command was not a universal one. He was not contradicting himself. We know that he expected some things to be kept in order to praise and worship him and other things to be kept to do the work of the Church. Remember that many times he sent his disciples to people's homes to gain lodging and food--why hadn't these homes been given up??? Also, Joseph of Arimathea donated the tomb for Jesus and was not shunned as a Christian that we can tell. He was called a "rich" man in Matthew 27:56-58.  Just so you know, Matthew 26 was a time when Jesus said to the disciples that his death was near. His point was that this woman was doing a charitable act. She wasn't keeping the expensive oil for herself, she used it to anoint and comfort the dying, him. To compare that to a church hoarding valuables and real estate and having its hierarchy living in luxury is inane.  "Land to serve people", "Art created in praise of God" (what happened to the 2nd Commandment by the way), "It is good to remember Jesus." You just spout this blither as if it has any meaning. Jesus told you how to remember him and it wasn't to own a bunch of painting painted by guys who never saw Jesus or Mary or half the stuff they painted. Jesus sat down and broke bread with his disciples. That's all.  Maximus: It is not what you have but what you do with what you have and also the fact that you could give all of it up at any moment for the sake of the Kingdom. "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and all these things will be added unto you." Matthew 6:33)And you think that "all these things" that will be added are riches? Million dollar paintings of Jesus? As usual, you take Jesus' words out of context. Read verses 31 and 32. They tell you that he is not talking about riches, he is talking about sustenance.   Mt 6:31: Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? 32: For after all these things do the Gentiles seek: for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things.  If you are going to bother to quote Jesus, have the respect to quote him in context.   You can sputter all that you want, but you cannot deny that Jesus said, "...go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come and follow me."   Maximus:   Concerning your views on the divinity of Christ, what do you think the Transfiguration was in Chapter 17 of Matthew?  Because I am a Christian, I look first to Jesus words. If he thought it was important that we know that he is God, he would have told us. The Apostles would have prayed to him, they did not. If Jesus thought that it was important that we know that he was God and should be worshiped, why did he tell the Apostles to pray to him? He didn't. He told them to pray to their Father who was within them?  As far as the so-called "transfiguration", any lawyer will tell you, if three people witness the same event, you will get three different versions of what happened. People use the silly "Jesus was god" debate so that they don't have to live up to his teachings. After I have gotten to the place where I can live my life in accordance with the teachings of Jesus, then I'll worry about what Paul or John or Ringo has to say.  Maximus: What do you think of Paul's words in Colossians 2:9, "that in him dwells the whole fullness of the deity bodily?"Again, as a Christian, it is the words of Jesus that are of the greatest import to me. Paul never met, saw or heard Jesus. You should also note that in the epistles of Paul that are undisputedly written by him (1 Thessalonians, 1 Corinthians, 2 Corinthians, Galatians, Romans, Philippians, Philemon) on only one occasion does he appeal to the authority of Jesus to support a moral teaching which the gospels also represent Jesus as having delivered. Only once in all those words.  Maximus: Do you have a translation defense for John's words proclaiming Jesus' divinity in the beginning of his gospel? (John 1:1-5)Whoever wrote the Gospel of John can say what he wants. It is fair to say that he never met Jesus either and was not witness to the events he writes about.  Finally, I apologize for the harshness of my words, but I am exasperated by people self-righteously misquoting Jesus and quoting him out of context. I am also dismayed by the anger and ugliness of those who wrap themselves in the name of Christianity on this forum as well as other places.
 Your 'simple faith in Christ' leads you to demand that everyone else conform to your notions of what is virtuous and what is sinful; it leads you to seek constantly to interfere with science education, because some of its theories conflict with your beliefs; it leads you to seek control over other people's lives.  We campaign and vote according to our wants and beliefs just like every other segment of America, John. Liberals do it too. Don't have a hairball over it, though.   My position of "tolerance" is the position Jesus espoused. "Love one another." 'Judge not  lest you be judged." "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone." Love thine enemies."  Have you listened to yourself lately (see next quote)?    (To me) You are the one who has ducked every question put to you. Your hateful and un-Christian rhetoric exposes you for what you truly are. (To Bassman) Your un-Christian rhetoric continues and your blasphemous description of yourselves as Christian continues.   Love that tolerance and "love your enemies" there, Howard. Looks like you have no problem judging people and then you tell others to judge not. Marvelous....  I still wonder if you acknowledge Jesus as your Lord and Savior for the remission of your sins?   Can you enlighten us on this or will you keep ducking it?
My position of "tolerance" is the position Jesus espoused. "Love one another." 'Judge not lest you be judged." "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone." Love thine enemies."   To say that Jesus spoke more about sin than he did about love simply demonstrates how little you know his message. Jesus message is one of love and unity. You message is one of self-righteousness and judgment. Show me one word that Jesus said that gives you the right to judge your fellow man? I can show you ten where he exhorts his followers to love their fellow man. You have obviously not studied the words of Jesus   It is obvious that though you use the term Christian to describe your beliefs, your beliefs are not Christian at all. I consistently ask for words of Jesus that support your beliefs and you consistently can't come up with any. I consistently ask you to reconcile your beliefs with words of Jesus and you can't do that either. You then demean yourselves by stooping to name calling and vitriol, very un-Christian conduct. I was hoping that you were Biblicans, but you don't even behave in a manner becoming a Biblican. It is possible that you are simply members of some hateful cult. There is some evidence to support that, not conclusive evidence.   You're right about that. Your un-Christian rhetoric continues and your blasphemous description of yourselves as Christian continues.  Howard, you sir are dead wrong about that. Studying the gospels in the 16 years that I have been saved, Jesus spoke more about sin, repentance and judgement than love and so-called "tolerance!"
Have you listened to yourself lately (see next quote)?     Love that tolerance and "love your enemies" there, Howard. Looks like you have no problem judging people and then you tell others to judge not. Marvelous....  I still wonder if you acknowledge Jesus as your Lord and Savior for the remission of your sins?   Can you enlighten us on this or will you keep ducking it?Mine was a simple statement of fact. Too bad you cannot see the accuracy of it.
Howard, you dance around the question like Fred Astaire! I reiterate. You,sir, are no Christian!
Howard, you dance around the question like Fred Astaire! I reiterate. You,sir, are no Christian!  Until Howard tells the world in his own words who Jesus is (Jewish Messiah, Resurrected Savior, etc.), and whether Jesus is his Lord and Savior for the remission of his sins, I tend to agree with you. Real Christians don't dodge these basic questions.
Exposing Howard Beale's Karen Armstrong  Jesus himself was hardly an obedient soul. He is depicted in the Gospels as a kind of rebel.  He was obedient to God. He was called "Beelzebub" by the real rebels.  More Armrest Than Armstrong - Or, Another Look Into (Armstrongs') Liberalism    We have had a few requests (and one defiant challenge) to look into the work of Karen Armstrong, author of several books including one we will survey in part here titled The History of God. This has taken us a while, because it seemed clear from the way Armstrong's work was cited by others (like Jonathan Kirsch) that her work was, well, more wind than heat. And it turns out that this is the case.  Do not expect any original research or argumentation from Armstrong. The findings of liberal Biblical scholarship and of the likes of the Jesus Seminar are taken as indisputable fact, and the argument progresses from there without skipping a beat. It's all in there to some degree: JEDP, the Jesus Seminar, dating Proverbs to the 3rd century BC without explanation or analysis, much less dealing with of competing views; a false interpretation of Ps. 82 (which happens to match one I refute by the Mormons in The Mormon Defenders), political correctness, and anachronism. In light of that most or all of what Armstrong assumes to be true about the Bible is refuted via links or material on this page, we merely refer readers to Encyclopedia index (see sidebar) and offer our usual Whitman's Sampler of bitter chocolates:  &#61623; It is clear from her introductory words that Armstrong grew up in a religiously strict environment and desired a touchy-feely religion, but is upset because, well, she didn't experience God the way she wanted -- what she got was a holy being; what she wanted was a health tonic. What she got what was the Bible; what she wanted was a Dilbert calendar.  &#61623; And by golly, she found one. Armstrong offers up a full slate of statements like these over many pages: "These myths were not intended to be taken literally, but were metaphorical attempts to describe a reality that was too complex and elusive to express any other way." [5] We want to ask: How does Armstrong know this? How does she know that Exodus or Enuma Elish were "not intended to be taken literally"? Has she interviewed any ancient people and asked? Of course not -- it's merely assumed that there was some unknown "too complex and elusive" reality that these folks were trying to describe, because otherwise we'd have to deal with the idea that they believed these things were actually true, and that's what leads to political incorrectness. No genre proofs, no interviews, just assumption based on Armstrong's preconceived view of the world, and that she herself would never have written such a thing to be taken literally. At any rate, it is clear that Armstrong also assumes that if you don't agree with this, you're not grown up yet.   &#61623; Recounting the salvation history of the Bible and the atonement, Armstrong complains, "there must have been an easier and more direct way to redeem mankind." [309] If there was, Armstrong does not lay it out; like some recent skeptics we have dealt with, she merely looks at scenario A-1, says, "God could have done better" and leaves it at that. At the back of such objections lies a presumption, "I know better than God and could have done it better" -- as if any person has the capacity to lay out a perfect alternate history and know there was a "better way." Not even Harry Turtledove claims that kind of genius. It's like the skeptics who say Abraham was a bad choice for God to make -- really? So who do they know who was a better choice? Do they have a list of names from the 18th century BC along with full resumes and character references? Such objections assume to possess omniscience in the service of declaring that omniscience bungled the job.  &#61623; The Trinity is a top subject for Armstrong. Though she knows about the Wisdom literature, she doesn't see the application to the Trinity, which she assumes is the product of Nicaea, along with the divinity of Jesus. The Trinity, she says, "only makes sense as a mystical or spiritual experience" [117], which I suppose would be true of someone who'd rather not do the relevant homework. The Trinity makes sense to me in light of the Wisdom tradition, and I'd say if you want a mystical or spiritual experience of equal quality to what Armstrong proposes, get up and spin yourself in circles until dizzy. But if you want to understand the Trinity, read the relevant literature.  &#61623; Political correctness extends only to certain persons: We are advised that Arius, the defender of the heretical view that Jesus was a created being and not eternal divinity, "passionately believed" what he taught, while Athanasius, who taught the eternal divinity of Christ, "managed to impose his theology" on others and was an unhappy camper. Armstrong's favoritism is about as subtle as Dan Rather's. Those who "passionately believe" what is wrong are just fine, because they have passion and that's what counts. Don't even think of condemning them!  &#61623; We are told that it was only at the end of the 2nd century that Christianity gained any converts intelligent enough to articulate its views [91]. Apparently Armstrong has not read Wayne Meeks' The First Urban Christians showing that Paul had more than the usual expected number of converts from the wealthy/literate Roman upper and middle class. She also doesn't read about the Romans, who she says had not "inherited the Greek hostility to Jews." Tell that to Tacitus, Celsus, and Lucian, and other Romans who referred to the Jews in derogatory terms. Armstrong's sociology is rather dismal for an Oxford teacher.  &#61623; The ancient pagans did not worship idols; the idols were "a focus that had helped people to concentrate on the transcendental element of human life." [112] Yes, I am sure that's what they had in mind when they sacrificed infants and had sex on the altars to explain to Baal that they needed some rain. Try that on your next date's father and mother, teenagers!(Armstrong is only half right anyway: the idols were intended to be focal points for the gods depicted to come down and be present.)  &#61623; Prophets who condemned false religion were doing so because they were full of insecurities, secretly knowing that their own god was as made up as that of others [50]. I hear a genetic fallacy in the room...  &#61623; Using JEDP parsing as a basis (a theory which Armstrong admits has been seriously disputed, but which she uses anyway, because no one has come up with anything better --- this is like saying we should use the garbage bag with only 8 gaping holes because we haven't found any with less!), Armstrong divides up the OT, then argues on the basis that those who wrote one part would not agree with the other parts written by other people (as on the subject of God's anthropomorphism -- apparently it never occurs to Armstrong that close and distant terms of relationship are not mutually exclusive over time).  &#61623; As needed, things like the denunciation of the Pharisees are declared "inauthentic" because they are offensive. (Never mind the ancient use of riposte.)  So, what more needs be said? Armstrong offers only another fortress of political correctness in the wasteland of postmodernity. I can see why certain people think her work the cat's meow, but from the looks of it, all she has is more begged questions to offer.  http://www.tektonics.org/af/armstrongk01.html
Howard, you sir are dead wrong about that. Studying the gospels in the 16 years that I have been saved, Jesus spoke more about sin, repentance and judgement than love and so-called "tolerance!"I don't know what cult you belong to, but Jesus message was about Love and Forgiveness. Your warping of his teachings is unconscionable. Jesus' only commandments were about loving. It is clear in every Gospel. He spoke of sin, repentance and judgment, but his commandments were about love. A few verses to refresh your memory.  Mt 22:37 Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. 38: This is the first and great commandment. 39: And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 40: On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.  Mk 12:28 And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning together, and perceiving that he had answered them well, asked him, Which is the first commandment of all? 29: And Jesus answered him, The first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; The Lord our God is one Lord: 30: And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength: this is the first commandment. 31: And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these.   Lk 10:25: And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? 26: He said unto him, What is written in the law? how readest thou? 27: And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself. 28: And he said unto him, Thou hast answered right: this do, and thou shalt live.  Jn:13:34: A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. 35: By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.  Jn:14:15: If ye love me, keep my commandments.  Jn:15:12: This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.  Jn:15:17: These things I command you, that ye love one another.  Bassman: Howard, you dance around the question like Fred Astaire! I reiterate. You,sir, are no Christian!Notice how I respond directly with the words of Jesus. You can hurl false allegations all you want, but I cannot allow you to continually distort Jesus' words. In the name of anything you may hold sacred, stop spreading lies about the teachings of Jesus.
EZ: Until Howard tells the world in his own words who Jesus is (Jewish Messiah, Resurrected Savior, etc.), and whether Jesus is his Lord and Savior for the remission of his sins, I tend to agree with you. Real Christians don't dodge these basic questions.Real Christians accept the words of Jesus Christ. I accept them and believe that he is exactly who he said he was. Since you don't, I think it is your Christianity that is doubt.  Simple question to you EZ. Do you accept that Jesus is who he says he was?  Bet you will dodge it just like you and Bassman dodge all questions about what Jesus said.
EZ:  How sad. Rather than read Karen Armstrong's book for yourself like a person who has some respect for themselves, you play sycophant to a critic who you have never met and can't even be sure read her book either.  You are truly lost.
Beale, there's a thousand different interpretations of who people claim Jesus is. We still want you to go on record instead of dancing around this all the time.   Do you accept that Jesus is who he says he was? Bet you will dodge it just like you and Bassman dodge all questions about what Jesus said.  NONSENSE. I already told you in a previous post who I believe Jesus is. To quote:   I believe Jesus is the Christ; the long-awaited Jewish Messiah. Virgin born and Spirit-filled; the only begotten of the Holy Father. Jesus is the Great I AM, the Rose of Sharon, the Prince of Peace and the LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS. HE IS the fairest of ten thousand, the First and the Last, the Alpha and Omega, the Prince of Peace and Lord of Lords. HE IS our Righteous and sinless Savior by his shed blood at Calvary. HE owns all the cattle on a thousand hills. HE IS our Judge and Advocate, and the Mediator of the New Covenant. HE IS the root of Jessee, the Branch of David, the Holy One of Israel and the Hope of mankind. HE IS the miracle-working healer of the sick, the Raiser of the Dead, the Uplifter of the Oppressed, the Great God and Savior, the Lord of All, the Mighty God, and the Lord Almighty. HE IS the Lord of Glory, the Good Shepherd, the Light of the World, and the prophesied Messenger of the Covenant. HE IS Immanuel, the Lord of the Sabbath, the Son of Man coming on the Clouds of Heaven in Great Glory. And HE IS the Creator of all things, the Sustainer of all things, and the Resurrection and the Life. HE IS the Way, and the Truth, and Life, and HE IS ALL THESE THINGS AND MUCH MORE TO ME.  That's who I say Jesus is.  Now are you going to dance some more for us or tell us who you believe Jesus is? Your continual evasion on this is an embarrassment to you.
EZ: That's who I say Jesus is.That's not what I asked EZ, you are dancing so hard you are running out of breath. I asked you if you believed that Jesus was who he said he was.
EZ:  How sad. Rather than read Karen Armstrong's book for yourself like a person who has some respect for themselves, you play sycophant to a critic who you have never met and can't even be sure read her book either.  You are truly lost.  I've read it and I found it very insightful. Not only did it include a lot history on the rise and eventual spread of the hebrew god and then christinaty, but it made some very insightful links concerning the events that are recorded in factual records and the events that lead up to the rise in popularity of this god and christ,.. Including the connection to Islam.  I've read it and I recomend it. If any one here objects to this I ask only that you have ACTUALLY read it for your self. Then I'd be willing to discuss the FALLICY of it with you.
Boys, I read the Word of God. That's the standard.  Karen Armstrong doesn't even know who Jesus is.
"Who is the liar? It is the person who denies that Jesus is the Christ. Such a man is an antichrist." - 1 John 2:22
That's not what I asked EZ, you are dancing so hard you are running out of breath. I asked you if you believed that Jesus was who he said he was. Howard. I stated before that Jesus spoke on sin, repentence and judgement more than love and acceptance. Here are but a few verses to back that: Matthew 9:12, 11:21-24, 12:39-45, all of 23; Mark 9:42-48, 10:5; Luke13:1-5 &34-35, 17:1-4; John 8:11 That is but a small taste of the truth. In fact, the very first words of Christ's ministry: REPENT! For the Kingdom of God is at hand. EZ, care to add anything to this? emoticon_xangel
That's not what I asked EZ, you are dancing so hard you are running out of breath. I asked you if you believed that Jesus was who he said he was.  Get some rest, Howard. You obviously are too scared to tell people who you believe Jesus is. Danced around it for two days now.   I think you're one of those revisionist liberals who deny the deity of Christ, his shed blood for the remission of sin, his physical resurrection, his virgin birth, and every other major tenet of the faith. In short, you're an imposter to the faith.
Like I said, EZ, possibly a Unitarian Universalist.
And you don't either.   So then explain to us who you think God is.. if you are so prudent to say that we dont!
Hello, Pooh Bear. Long time, no post. Glad to have you back!
lol thanks! its good to be back!
Boys, I read the Word of God. That's the standard.  Karen Armstrong doesn't even know who Jesus is.   And you haven't read the book!!!  But because some rightwing waco christian dude writes a column on it in some fundementalist web page you will jump on the band wagon and be blindly lead by your chosen leaders.  You have no real foundation to stand on in denouncing this book!!!  You haven't read it ,... yet you speak as if some athourity on it!!!  Your very decieving EZ. At least do what most reasonable people do and read it for yourself befor squirting your poison at it!!!!!!
Now, now Johnson m'boy, EZ more than likely read the book and has more background on Karen Johnson than you can shake a stick at.
lol thanks! its good to be back! Yeah, with the onslaught of drivel we've been getting, the extra help is surely needed.
Now, now Johnson m'boy, EZ more than likely read the book and has more background on Karen Johnson than you can shake a stick at.  I'm not your boy... and I doubt that EZ has read anything he's dissed. As do I doubt you have.  So I've read it ,... Wanna discuss it? Or just go cut and past a bunch of stuff you find on your computers favorite list?
Struck a nerve, I see?
I'm not your boy... and I doubt that EZ has read anything he's dissed. As do I doubt you have.  So I've read it ,... Wanna discuss it? Or just go cut and past a bunch of stuff you find on your computers favorite list?   ok so we get youve read it.. it sound lime youre braggin about something that you cant exactly prove over the internet..
ok so we get youve read it.. it sound lime youre braggin about something that you cant exactly prove over the internet.. Johnson claims to have been raised in a "Baptist" home and saved since age 5 ( I'm not even going any further, there) But, his posts indicate that he's backslidden considerably.
Johnson claims to have been raised in a "Baptist" home and saved since age 5 ( I'm not even going any further, there) But, his posts indicate that he's backslidden considerably.  i took care of it.. ;)
It sounds like he's ashamed of the gospel.
I have previously invited EZ to discuss Karen Armstrong's A History of God or The Battle For God on condition that he read either book beforehand. He has declined my invitations. What he does instead is to post cut&pastes from Christian fundamentalist websites the authors of which are in obvious opposition to Armstrong's scholarship. Did they even bother to read her books? Who knows?   EZ has employed this same tactic in response to my invitations to discuss the works of John Dominic Crossan, Paul Tillich, Israel Finkelstein, and John Shelby Spong. Not a very encouraging sign, is it? I'll say that EZ may be a bit overzealous, but he is within his right to speak from the sources that he sees fit. I've heard about The Battle for God and from what I've heard, I'm not too encouraged. I don't like pointy-headed intellectial liberal elitists claiming to know everything about religion. Even though they have an alphabet soup next to their name. It just doesn't impress me.
Struck a nerve, I see?  You give me the impression this is what you live for.
ok so we get youve read it.. it sound lime youre braggin about something that you cant exactly prove over the internet..  It shouldn't " sound lime " anything. There is no bragging here. And if the internet is what you rely on to uphold your religious convictions, .. you have my sincere pity.
Johnson claims to have been raised in a "Baptist" home and saved since age 5 ( I'm not even going any further, there) But, his posts indicate that he's backslidden considerably.  You know ,.. You are the most insulting personality I've had the pleasure of meeting on this forum.  There is no claim.. Bass playing dude,.. It's truth. ( I know you have a hard time with this )  And , GEEEEEEE ... you are so smart to have figured out I gave up this nonsense long ago. Yeah it was kind of a strange thing. I asked questions... I got the runaround ( kinda like you and EZ give others ) , I gave up trying to become what others defined for me and I found the me burried benieth the huge pyle of XXXX. I can only pray someday you too can experience the true feeling of freedom!! ( cause dogma suc** )
i took care of it.. ;)  Hey .. thanks for the spanking...  You've really learned me.
It sounds like he's ashamed of the gospel.  I'm ashamed that at one time I endorsed them and tought them to younger kids.  I know what your thinking... They don't screen sunday school teachers like they used to, huh?  Should probable burn the heritcs at the stake, huh?
"What do we need books for, anyway? Everything we need to know is already in the Bible!"  :-)  As I've discovered, .. it's a crazy way to live ones life,.. at least for me.
EZ: Get some rest, Howard. You obviously are too scared to tell people who you believe Jesus is. Danced around it for two days now.   I think you're one of those revisionist liberals who deny the deity of Christ, his shed blood for the remission of sin, his physical resurrection, his virgin birth, and every other major tenet of the faith. In short, you're an imposter to the faith.Call me names, scream and rant, it doesn't hide the fact that you still have not answered the question EZ. Do you believe that Jesus was who he says he was?  That is who I believe Jesus is. I have said that repeatedly, you just don't want to hear it. Jesus said what he meant and meant what he said. You won't say that either.  What about it, dancing dude? Afraid to say you believe Jesus? The question still stands. It is not who you say Jesus was, EZ, the question is: Do you believe that Jesus was who he said he was?
And who does he say he is? Really now?? Unambigously? Quote chapter and verse, and look at those quotes IN CONTEXT.Read the gospels. If you don't understand what he says, ask and I will give you my input on any questions you may have. To cut and paste scriptural quotes here when they are readily available for all who wish to read them seems like a disingenuous request on your part and tremendous waste of time on mine. I posed the question to people who have claimed to have studied the Gospels. I trust their word that they have and I take for granted that understand what they have read. If you have not read the Gospels, then I hope you read them because they are very enlightening, if you have read them, then why ask me what Jesus said if you have already read it?
damn!! what the heck happened here?? i missed this forum for 2 days and this thread becomes completely mangled  easyrider, pooh bear, orion, johnson, trebor, howard, or anybody else interested in this topic: do you guys have a concise definition of God that you would like to share?  Welcome back! Ready to get back on topic when you are.
Do you believe that Jesus was who he says he was? That is who I believe Jesus is. I have said that repeatedly, you just don't want to hear it. Jesus said what he meant and meant what he said. You won't say that either. What about it, dancing dude? Afraid to say you believe Jesus? The question still stands. It is not who you say Jesus was, EZ, the question is: Do you believe that Jesus was who he said he was?  Already answered twice. You're doing your revisionist duckwalk again. Now go and learn what this means:  Did Jesus Claim To Be God?    Among the religious leaders who have attained a large following throughout history, Jesus Christ is unique in the fact that He alone claimed to be God in human flesh. A common misconception is that some or many of the leaders of the world's religions made similar claims, but this is simply not the case.  Buddha did not claim to be God; Moses never said that he was Yahweh; Mohammed did not identify himself to be Ahura Mazda. Yet Jesus, the carpenter from Nazareth, said that he who has seen him (Jesus) has seen the Father (John 14:9).  The claims of Christ are many and varied. He said that He existed before Abraham (John 8:58), and that He was equal with the Father (John 14:9). The New Testament equated Jesus as the creator of the universe (John 1:3), and that He is the one who holds everything together (Colossians 1:17). The apostle Paul says that God was manifest in the flesh (1 Timothy 3:16, KJV), and John the evangelist says that "the Word was God" (John 1:1). The united testimony of Jesus and the writers of the New Testament is that He was more than mere man; He was God.   Not only did His friends notice that He claimed to be God, but so did His enemies as well. There may be some doubt today among the skeptics who refuse to examine the evidence, but there was no doubt on the part of the Jewish authorities. When Jesus asked them why they wanted to stone Him, they replied, "For a good work we do not stone You, but for blasphemy; and because You, being a man, make Yourself out to be God" (John 10:33, NASB).    This fact separates Jesus from the other religious figures. In the major religions of the world, the teachings -- not the teacher -- are all-important.  Confucianism is a set of teachings; Confucius is not important. Islam is the revelation of Allah, with Mohammed being the prophet, and Buddhism emphasizes the principles of the Buddha and not Buddha himself. This is especially true of Hinduism, where there is no historic founder.  However, at the center of Christianity is the person of Jesus Christ. Jesus did not just claim to be teaching mankind the truth; He claimed that He was the truth (John 14:6).   What Jesus taught is not the important aspect of Christianity, but what is important is who Jesus was. Was He the Son of God? Is He the only way a person can reach God? This was the claim He made for Himself.  Suppose this very night the President of the United States appeared on all the major networks and proclaimed that "I am God Almighty. I have the power to forgive sin. I have the authority to raise my life back from the dead."  He would be quickly and quietly shut off the air, led away, and replaced by the Vice-President. Anybody who would dare make such claims would have to be either out of his mind or a liar, unless he was God.  This is exactly the case with Jesus. He clearly claimed all these things and more. If He is God, as He claimed, we must believe in Him, and if He is not, then we should have nothing to do with Him. Jesus is either Lord of all or not Lord at all.  Yes, Jesus claimed to be God. Why should anyone believe it? After all, merely claiming to be something does not make it true. Where's the evidence that Jesus is God?   The Bible gives various reasons, including miracles and fulfilled prophecy, that are intended to convince us that Jesus is the one whom He said He was (John 20:30, 31). The main reason, or the sign which Jesus Himself said would demonstrate that He was the Son of God, was His resurrection from the dead.  When asked for a sign from the religious leaders, Jesus replied, "For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the belly of the whale, so will the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth" (Matthew 12:40, RSV).  In another place He said, when asked for a sign, "Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up . . . but he spake of the temple of his body" (John 2:19, 21, KJV). The ability to raise His life back from the dead was the sign that separates Him not only from all other religious leaders, but also from anyone else who has ever lived.    Anyone wishing to refute the case for Christianity must explain away the story of the resurrection. Therefore, according to the Bible, Jesus proves to be the Son of God by coming back from the dead (Romans 1:4). The evidence is overwhelming that Jesus did rise from the grave, and it is this fact that proves Jesus to be God.  (This is an excerpt from the book, "Answers to Tough Questions," by Josh McDowell and Don Stewart.)
EZ:  Still afraid to answer the question, EZ? It is a simple yes or no question EZ. Do you believe that Jesus was who he said he was?
trebor:  Yes, I have read the gospels. I have read several different interpreations of what the certain key phrases can be translated as. Is it disingenious ??  For example, I had a discussion with Bassman about the 'Before abraham, I am' phrase. I pointed out that from the Greek, the phrase 'Before abraham (in priority) I am . (or I will be greater than abraham) is a valid translation from the Greek, and all I got from him is 'That is not how it is translated by the biblical scholars', and when I showed him it was by some people, he cried 'Heresy', and repeated his claim that is not how it is translated.   He did not look at context, he did not back up his claim in any manner or form, but just whined and complained that it didn't meet his viewpoint.I address any question that can be dealt intelligently in this type of format. Since you bring up John 8:58: (Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.). I will address it. This should also help to get things back on topic. As for unkerpaulie's offer, I have already given him a concept of God. It is the God of Moses and the God of Abraham as verbalized in Exodus 3: "hayah hayah." It is almost always translated as I AM THAT I AM. However, anyone familiar with ancient Hebrew knows that "hayah" does not translate as a specific tense (present past or future). It is used often to connote all three tenses depending on the usage. The word usage almost has to be poetic or metaphoric and a valid rendering is I AM, WAS AND SHALL BE WHAT IS, WAS AND WILL BE. I brought this understanding to the attention of this thread and was danced around. I submit it again. I AM, WAS, AND SHALL BE WHAT IS, WAS, AND WILL BE.  As far as John 8:58, It is clear that the comma placed after the word "was" in the phrase "Before Abraham was, I am", was put in by the translator and it is my contention that this clouds Jesus' meaning. The Greek we have is rendered from the Aramaic and ancient Hebrew that Jesus spoke. What Jesus said (even from the Greek) is "Before Abraham was I AM". Sort of like "Before Moses was Abraham." He was not referring to himself personally. He was referring to the name of God that was given to Moses in Exodus 3.  So, where does Jesus say who he was, and what did he say who he was. Was it unambigious? What is the context, in both scripture and from a social point of view from 1st century Juddah?  Are you avoiding the question too?What question? To identify and expand on every verse ion the Gospels in which Jesus speaks of who he is? I believe he meant all of them. I will gladly answer any question you have about any specific verse, but for me to write a hundred page dissertation on each and every word that Jesus spoke that reflected on who he was is not a reasonable request in this forum. It is difficult enough to address a single verse. But please, ask about any verse, in as much depth as you care to. It only helps me clarify my understanding and separate the wheat (accurate understandings I have) from the shaft (the inaccurate ones).
Trebor:YOu seem to be insisting that it was from Exodus 3. However, let's look it IN CONTEXT.   What do we see the pattern of what attributed to Jeus  Starting a John 5:18, he is saying the Father is greater than the son. The god is greater than the son. All the honor goes to the father. He is talking PRIORITY .. THe father is before the son.  THen, all of a sudden, he would stitch gears and NOT talk priority? The phrase in Greek , isolated from anything else could mean either time or priority.  The surrounding passages he was saying how God is greater than he was. Why would he switch gears, and then say he was god?First, I think it is correct that we have wandered of the context of this thread and I suggest that if you want to continue the dialogue that you open a new thread in response to this post.  That said... just so you know, I was looking at "Before Abraham was I AM" in context: in the context of all the Gospels including John and specifically John 8 as well as the context of the times, the languages, the translations, and who said the words.  You cover a lot of ground with a sweeping broad brush. This is the problem with trying to cover too much territory in a forum like this. I can't follow what you are saying. It helps me if you site the exact verses rather than paraphrase them. An example is when you say, "then all of a sudden he would switch gears..." I don't know exactly where you mean he "switches gears." If you site the verse or verses that show the switching of gears, I can understand your point better. Same with your reference to "The surrounding passages..." -- exactly which ones?  I know it is tedious, but if I don't really understand what you are saying then we will probably end up talking at cross purposes - we may actually agree and never know it!
It shouldn't " sound lime " anything. There is no bragging here. And if the internet is what you rely on to uphold your religious convictions, .. you have my sincere pity.   actyually i dont use the internet to uphole any of my religious "convictions" the bbible is the only placer i get my "convictions" because its straight from the truth. because there a pretty good chance the stuff you see on the internet is twisted by people to decieve others... oh and stop with the pity party.. its _ _
After spending the past few days glued to the TV's coverage of Katrina, I began to wonder what all of the anti-Christians had to say about the fact that MOST of the help being given to Katrina victims is coming from CHRISTIAN ORGANIZATIONS. I've yet to see an atheist charity step up to the plate. What's the matter? Are only Christian organizations compassionate enough to lend a helping hand?  I guess just as there are no atheists in a foxhole, there aren't any atheists in charitiable organizations either. emoticon_rolleyes
How about because while many charities have a Christian foundation, not all their contributors or workers will be Christian? Exhibit A: the American Red Cross.  From another thread:  Michael Brown, head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, urged people to make contributions to organizations. FEMA listed the following agencies as needing cash to assist hurricane victims:   American Red Cross, 800-HELP NOW, 800-435-7669   Operation Blessing, 800-436-6348   America's Second Harvest, 800-344-8070   Adventist Community Services, 800-381-7171   Catholic Charities, 703-549-1390   Christian Reformed World Relief Committee, 800-848-5818   Church World Service, 800-297-1516   Convoy of Hope, 417-823-8998   Episcopal Relief & Development, 1-800-334-7626 or   Lutheran Disaster Response, 800-638-3522   Mennonite Disaster Service, 717-859-2210   Presbyterian Disaster Assistance, 800-872-3283   Salvation Army, 800-SAL-ARMY (725-2769)   Southern Baptist Convention Disaster Relief, 800-462-8657, ext. 6440   United Methodist Committee on Relief, 800-554-8583  --Associated Press  The head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency is directing people wanting to contribute to give to the Christian charities above. Again, where are the atheist organizations?
There is also the fact that New Orleans is something of a primary constitunacy (did I spell that corectly?) to these Christian charaties. Next time there is a big earthquake here in San Francisco, I can gurrantee you all these chaaties wont make nearly as big a deal about helping out.  I'll take that bet. How about $500?
I don't think the majority of people realize the red cross is a christian organization. I also don't believe there main mission is religious.  You seem to be attacking atheist, but then discount secular charity organizations like the united way. Why is that?  I'm not discounting secular organizations. I'm discounting atheists. They **** and moan about the wicked Christians trying to run their lives but don't pony up when others need help. Christians lend a hand in spite of all their supposed wickedness, but atheists are typically a bunch of cheap windbags. They speak of "intrinsic morality" not being religious-based, but don't display an ounce of it when push comes to shove. :xcensored
With the vast majority of the population being Christian, it seems obvious that the vast majority of charities are Christian.  http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/us.html#People  Then there's the fact that, in the past, just about everyone in the US was a Christian. That's round about the time many of these organisations were set up, so logically they'll be Christian. Why would they "necessarily" be Christian organizations? They could just as easily be secular like the Red Cross? The reason is because Christianity teaches and promotes charity towards others and Christians put their money where their mouths are. Atheists doesn't. It's a "WIIFM" philosophy.   There's also the fact that non-Christian people give to Christian charities. As you stated above, the majority would be Christians. I can't think of too many philantropic atheists, can you? emoticon_rolleyes   Finally, quantity of charities doesn't actually reflect the quantity of help given. For example, the Red Cross will be giving more than the Mennonite Disaster Service.  -Wez   I'm not knocking the Red Cross. It's a great organization that has had its share of problems, but has weathered them and does great good around the world. It is also a Congressionally-chartered organization, unlike all of the Christian charities.
Speaking from the Catholic standpoint, our religion is based on helping others on a day to day basis, let alone a natural disaster. We have additional collections all the time for charitable missions all over the world. We live in a wealthy country whose government apparently has hundreds of billions of dollars to better the lives of Middle Easterners in Iraq, I would expect we could take better care of our own without pandering for handouts from private charities. We need to get our priorities straight.
Why is it such an issue ?  To me if an organisation is doing some good it doesn't matter if they are Muslim, Hindu, Christian etc.  It's an issue because I always see negative posts about Christians and Christianity coming from the atheists on this forum but they remain damn silent when Christian organizations step up and help out everyone who needs help.  It's real easy for them to complain about Christianity but they're not to be found when it comes to acknowledging the good that Christian organizations do. emoticon_mad
No one is saying that Christian orginizations arent doing a good job. More power to them. We're taking exception to the view that atheists want to see the people of New Orleans suffer. I myself have sent off a $150 check to the Red Cross. Would I do that if I hated the people who were suffering in that area right now?  What I said was I don't see any atheist organizations stepping to the plate like the dozens of Christian charities are doing, nor do I see any atheists on this board acknowledging the good that the Christians are doing. All they do is bitch. And to say that Christians only help Christians is BS. They also sent a lot of money for Tsunami relief and a hundred other areas where help was needed, regardless of their religious affiliation. To say otherwise is disengenuous on your part.
All you do is bitch. Soooooo.........?  I put my money where my mouth is. How about you? emoticon_rolleyes
JP, I'm losing an enormous amount of respect for you with every post you make in this thread.  Not only are you pounding on a very shaky generalization, but you're beating your chest and strutting about for all to see in a fit of righteous indignation because you've (and Christian organizations) donated some money to the hurricane relief.  It sickens me.   IIRC, this type of attitude was seriously frowned upon by Jesus himself on several occasions in the Bible.  The vast majority of the US population is Christian, and therefore the majority of charitable organizations are Christian. Is that so hard to figure out? People donate money, ATHEISTS TOO, THOSE BASTARDS, to whatever charity they feel is going to get the most out of their money.   What do want? A roll call of everyone here posting a tax receipt for their charitable donations so we can all whip them out and compare? What is this, the second grade?  Why you would feel the need to come on this board and point fingers while blowing your own horn is beyond me.   Waxy   I'm not trying to blow my own horn. I happened to see the thread about charities and saw that the majority were Christian organizations. They weren't secular foundations, they were Churches and other Christian organizations. I then began to think of all the anti-Christian propaganda that's been posted on here lately and thought that, just maybe, someone should point out to those blinded by anti-Christian hate that Christians do good things all of the time. I may have gone off a bit, but I'm better now. :)
In another thread you said you'd try to stop with the generalisations. What happened?  I had an epiphany. :)   Can you provide a shred of evidence of how Christians give more per person?  Difficult to do, but tell me how many atheists that you know tithe? emoticon_rolleyes   Because most people are Christian. No argumewnt there.  Why don't churches sell all their gold then? What possible benefit does it bring them? Why not sell it all? God sees no value for money in his kingdom, so why do churches insist on storing it? I don't know of any churches that speculate in precious metals, so I can't answer that.   Red Cross? The Red Cross is an atheist organization?! emoticon_wow I guess that I didn't get the memo. :)   People tend to bash stupid Christians such as Chic and co, rather than Christianity as a whole. Those who bash Christianity as a whole are XXXXXX. Just like those who bash non-religious people as a whole. Might I suggest that you do a quick search of this forum. Pay particular attention to the anti-Christian Gay Forum.   As I said, quantity of charities isn't directly proportional to quantity of help. The Red Cross, yet again, does more than dozens off smaller charities put together. You keep bringing up the Red Cross. The majority of donators to the Red Cross are most likely Christians as well, so what's your point? emoticon_confused   People acknowledge Christian charities do good. Where is there a single post saying something to the contrary?  -Wez This forum is replete with Christian bashers. You'd have to be blind to not see that and an essential part of Christian doctrine IS charity. So, when they bash Christianity, they also bash the good that Christians do.
JP - you are big time generalizing. Yes I was. I was attempting to make a point. I get tired of hearing the anti-Christian generalizations and decided to use this instance to reciprocate. You've read the same generalized anti-Christian posts as I have, so you know that they don't represent all of Christianity just as my statements don't necessarily represent all atheists.  Just becuase one disagrees with one action of Christianity does not mean that they don't recognize the good of another action. Until THIS thread, I hadn't heard one positive thing said about Christians by atheists.  The gay rights forum is a forum about gay rights. Christianity opposes gay rights. Of course they are gonna get reamed there. If it were a forum about the good works of the church it would be different.  But it's more than just disagreeing with the policy. Some want to eliminate Christianity all together.[/quote]  I recognize the charity of many Christian organizations and the committment to education. I EVEN attended a Catholic University.  However, when it comes to reproductive issues and gay rights the church is gonna get it square in the teeth from me. That does not make me "anti-Christian", it just means I am in favor of things that the church isn't.  I don't necessarily agree with all Christian dogma and positions myself, but I don't attempt to crucify all Christians as I've seen in this forum because of my differences. Well, I think that I've beaten this dead horse to death, so I'll end my prolonged rant now.
OH BRUTHA!! emoticon_cry Where did this load of fertilizer come from?
Unfortunately, our "enlightened" society today has caused us to have blind hearts.
If I were following the prophets all along, and had a heart toward God, then I would know that messiah has come.
It is also worth mentioning that the current DSM IV has a diagnosis for religious addiction....The symptoms do resemble some of what the first post is talking about, although it more refers to people who actually "get high" off of religion. WHich yes, folks, if you can get addicted to internet porn, drugs and tv, religion can become an addiction too! I believe it is rare, but it does happen. People have lost jobs, spouses and lives do to addictions to "jesus".  People have lost lives being addicted to gay anal sex. Maybe that should be in the DSM IV.
and this is relevant ?  You bet. The self-contrived religion of gay America, where anything goes and you still get waltzed into heaven. No repentence, no singed consciences, and no remorse. Certainly there must be help for this somewhere in medicine / psychology / psychiatry.  If the DSM IV people weren't so politically correct they'd have gay disorder put back in their manuals like it was before. After all, the behavior falls into the "abnormal" range of the Bell Curve on human sexual behaviors.
I see your homophobia is showing. I guess this statement of hate cancels out your whole guide of love the sinner hate the sin...Obviously there is more to it with you.....No wonder I see you as hate filled....you are!  Is there a better way to phrase it so you don't go off spitting out invectives yourself? Maybe, "Joe, you know tens of thousands of gay men are dying of AIDS due to homosexual sex. And still a great many of them fail to use condoms even after they've been counseled."   It's really hard getting through to you folks, brummer. How many gay deaths is it going to take before gays start recognizing it's not godly religious beliefs that destroy lives, but the abrogation of those beliefs, including supporting gay sex.
It is also worth mentioning that the current DSM IV has a diagnosis for religious addiction The DSM IV has reduced mental health treatment to what can be billed and every poster on this forum could qualify as having half a dozen disorders from it. I agree with much of what you say most of the time Joe, but please don't bring up this kind of stuff knowing most people aren't going to know what you're talking about so you can explain what the DSM is and feel smart.
Ugh! You don't get it! AIDS is not caused by gay sex. It is what happens after one is infected with HIV. More and more these days the gay community is aware of the risks, and more guys are being careful.  Here, try this out for size. "Tens of thousands of straight men and women are dying of AIDS due to heterosexual sex. And still a great many fail to use condoms after they've been counseled." "It's really hard getting through to you folks, EZ. How many heterosexual deaths is it going to take before hets start recognizing it's not godly religious beliefs that destroy lives, but the abrogation of those beliefs, including supporting heterosexual sex?"  You know how lame you guys sound? Gays getting AIDS from illicit behavior is okay because other people do it. That kind of thinking fails to address the central problem (ungodly, irresponsible behavior to begin with).  The fact is that it doesn't matter how many heterosexuals are buying the farm if the gay community is slowly going down the drain.  Do something constructive. Either quit with the irresponsible sex or take better measures to protect yourselves, so us taxpayers don't have to pick up your sick tab.
EZ- Look we can discuss this, but can we please discuss this somewhere else? Does every thread have to be about gays and lesbians?
This "religious disorder" is just another attempt by the politically correct to try to kick god out of society, so they can be their own gods and engage in whatever kind of sin they choose without having to have their consciences pricked.
If this is a disorder then I'm a monkey's uncle. Let me tell you. Some of the most level-headed people that I know are Bible-beleiving eevangelicals (my pastor, for one) who have real struggles and real problems just like everyone else. The difference, and it's a BIG one, is that our lives are much more managable.
Tell that to those who have the disorder....who have lost jobs because the wouldn't stop trying to convert coworkers in the lunch room....when anything has become a blocker to your normal survival...it is an addiction....when you crave the high you get from "witnessing" so much that you are willing to lose your loife over it....you are an addict....  Next think you know you people will be boiling them in oil like they tried to do with the Apostle John. Or locking them up in institutions so your consciences won't be offended. Very sly, but very predictable. Anti-Christian bigots will stop at virtually nothing to shut up his people.
And as I said before, science is extremely flawed, and it is your idol.
If you mean the inspired, infallable, inerrant Word of God as contained in the entire canon of Scripture from Genesis to Revelation...
OK, Bassman Let us look at this in more simple terms and scenarios.....  If a person is about to be fired, divorced and evicted all because he will not stop talking about his religion....is this not an addiction? Lets look at the simple part of the addiction  He cannot seem to control it  He doesn't seem to care if it is controlled or not.  He is willing to lose everything to continue his religious behavior?   Sounds like addiction to me.....Now tell me what you think of the scenario...  If you're referring to a person sharing his faith, then what's the beef?
It is not about feeling smart. I do not need to make those kind of satement. My self-esteem isn't in question. The point is that this is a recognized disorder. NOt everything in the DSM is billable....many of the codes are not billable...it is about what is recognozed as a disorder and what is jusy rubbish. I didn't say everything is billable. But the fact is, for someone to be able to get treatment, whoever is treating them has to give them a label from the DSM to be able to get paid. It's nothing but pathology and money.
OK, Bassman Let us look at this in more simple terms and scenarios.....  If a person is about to be fired, divorced and evicted all because he will not stop talking about his religion....is this not an addiction? Lets look at the simple part of the addiction  He cannot seem to control it  He doesn't seem to care if it is controlled or not.  He is willing to lose everything to continue his religious behavior?   Sounds like addiction to me.....Now tell me what you think of the scenario... I understand your point here, but would you say the same thing about other beliefs that are strongly committed to? Would you say the same thing about someone who was just as devoted to gay rights?
I think this is interesting......because I've realized the difference in two key points in religion....  There is Zeal....which in today's terms means you strap a bomb on your back and blow yourself up for a just cause......or you line people up and put your palm on their head screaming at the top of your lungs that Jesus deliver him/her, and 'push' them over......these are zealous XXXXXX that have let passion rule reason....  Then there is Love.....an undeniable emotion and component to a healthy life......to love and have love is almost in every aspect correlated to happiness.....of course love is sometimes misinterpreted as sex, lust, or infatuation.....but love it self is the ultimate concept of what Jesus preached and what God has tried to show.....ex: John 3:16.....the ultimate love from both God and His Son.....  To say the least religion is evil because it has only spawned hate, rivalries(so to speak) and wars.........people have focused so much on tradition, rituals, and what not that they have lost the focus and principle of what Jesus had originally tried to convey.....love.....  So wow...I"m a hippie.....hahaha
You are mistaken. Evangelicals are extremist nutters. It is not possible to be a level-headed extremist nutter. There are no level-headed evangelicals.  <flush<  I think you have a screwball outlook on things, Clive.
Hey EZ, I think Clive's definition of a Christian is one who has no backbone and claims to be a believer (anyone we know?)
The difference here is real Christians are born-again, believe the Bible, live the life, and yes, are not linguini-spined modernists who attempt to reshape the Word of God to their personal policy preferences, or disregard the Bible altogether.
I think your "psychological religious disease" is just another politically correct concoction from the radical liberals to try to put away in a rubber room anyone who might put forth the Word of God. So you heathens won't have your fragile consciences tweaked. Very subtle, but easy for the wise to see through your demented schemes.
Why does science scare you EZ?  Science doesn't scare me a bit, Fish. I've even got a degree in it. How about you?   You claim the science is on your side in backing up your claims that the Bible is the word of God and yet anything else is clearly wrong. Surely if part of part of science can be wrong why can't the others also be?  If you knew anything about science you'd know it can neither prove nor disprove the supernatural.
Sadly not, mines just Molecular Genetics in Biotechnology, never saw the just plain 'Science' option.We aren't talking about the supernatural, we are talking about the proofs that get trotted out to show that the Bible is not just a bunch of stories written by people a long time ago - copy fidelity and suchlike.  Think evidence, vs. proof. That's how ancient history usually works.
well, lets see, 99.9999999999999999999 percent probablity, and it isn't good enough for you.  More Treborian folly, I'm sure of it.
Now you're getting stupid there, Treb
Trebor, I've noticed that you tend to use your head too much, and your heart not enough. When you try to over-analyze and justify a doctrinal stance that is contrary to the literal translation of the Pentateuch, then you're headed for a world of trouble. BTW, you have a PM coming.
YOu are right. When it comes to the ancient stories.. it is not a matter of evidence showing that it is true... it is falsifing it.   Since genesis is, as history is falsitiable, it has been falsified. The world was not created in 6 days.. Eve was not created from Adams rib. . and plants were not created before sun.  That makes the probablity of that story being literal absolutely 0.  Of course Trebor is just fulminating again, with no evidence of any kind to back up his allegations. Typical.
The problems that unbelievers have is they tend to use their heads too much. There's nothing wrong with objective thought. But when you over-analyze and incorperate biases into it, then there is problems.
But there's a point (no, not in your head) where one can think and over-analyze too much. Matthew 18:3-4 "I tell you the truth, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Therefore, whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in heaven." The problem here is that you are so proud of your Jewishness that you're blind to the truth. And it's this very pride that God despises.
You people are missing the point (no, not in your heads). I'm saying that the heart (soul) is just as important as the mind.
That article brings up a good point if Jesus or a prophet such as Mohammad was to appear today what would happen to them ?  They would probably be locked up in a nice padded cell, and they would be given all sorts of drugs to stop those voices that reveal divine knowledge to them.  This is probably true, but it's more a sad reflection on today's society than the religion. IMO anyway.
So in essence you are saying that no one gets addicted to religion? If that is your claim it is seriously misguided considering there is proof and evidence that people do become addicted to religion.   Sure, sorta like the addiction some have to political ideologies like gay pride. emoticon_xangel  It's not the fact it's religion that makes it addictive; it's the fact that it's an ideology and people sometimes get really wrapped up in ideology to the point of being pathological.
This is a refreshing note. Another one bites the dust!  http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/stories/1205/09atheist.html?cxntnid=amn120905e   Renowned atheist says he believes in God  Associated Press Published on: 12/09/05  NEW YORK - A British philosophy professor who has been a leading champion of atheism for more than a half-century has changed his mind. He now believes in God based on scientific evidence, and says so on a video released Thursday.   At age 81, after decades of insisting belief is a mistake, Antony Flew has concluded that some sort of intelligence or first cause must have created the universe. A super-intelligence is the only good explanation for the origin of life and the complexity of nature, Flew said in a telephone interview from England.   Flew said he's best labeled a deist like Thomas Jefferson, whose God was not actively involved in people's lives.   "I'm thinking of a God very different from the God of the Christian and far and away from the God of Islam, because both are depicted as omnipotent Oriental despots, cosmic Saddam Husseins," he said. "It could be a person in the sense of a being that has intelligence and a purpose, I suppose."   Flew first made his mark with the 1950 article "Theology and Falsification," based on a paper for the Socratic Club, a weekly Oxford religious forum led by writer and Christian thinker C.S. Lewis.   Over the years, Flew proclaimed the lack of evidence for God while teaching at Oxford, Aberdeen, Keele, and Reading universities in Britain, in visits to numerous U.S. and Canadian campuses and in books, articles, lectures and debates.   There was no one moment of change but a gradual conclusion over recent months for Flew, a spry man who still does not believe in an afterlife.   Yet biologists' investigation of DNA "has shown, by the almost unbelievable complexity of the arrangements which are needed to produce (life), that intelligence must have been involved," Flew says in the new video, "Has Science Discovered God?"   The video draws from a New York discussion last May organized by author Roy Abraham Varghese's Institute for Metascientific Research in Garland, Texas. Participants were Flew; Varghese; Israeli physicist Gerald Schroeder, an Orthodox Jew; and Roman Catholic philosopher John Haldane of Scotland's University of St. Andrews.   The first hint of Flew's turn was a letter to the August-September issue of Britain's Philosophy Now magazine. "It has become inordinately difficult even to begin to think about constructing a naturalistic theory of the evolution of that first reproducing organism," he wrote.   The letter commended arguments in Schroeder's "The Hidden Face of God" and "The Wonder of the World" by Varghese, an Eastern Rite Catholic layman.   This week, Flew finished writing the first formal account of his new outlook for the introduction to a new edition of his "God and Philosophy," scheduled for release next year by Prometheus Press.   Prometheus specializes in skeptical thought, but if his belief upsets people, well "that's too bad," Flew said. "My whole life has been guided by the principle of Plato's Socrates: Follow the evidence, wherever it leads."   Last week, Richard Carrier, a writer and Columbia University graduate student, posted new material based on correspondence with Flew on the atheistic www.infidels.org Web page. Carrier assured atheists that Flew accepts only a "minimal God" and believes in no afterlife.   Flew's "name and stature are big. Whenever you hear people talk about atheists, Flew always comes up," Carrier said. Still, when it comes to Flew's reversal, "apart from curiosity, I don't think it's like a big deal."   Flew told The Associated Press his current ideas have some similarity with American "intelligent design" theorists, who see evidence for a guiding force in the construction of the universe. He accepts Darwinian evolution but doubts it can explain the ultimate origins of life.   A Methodist minister's son, Flew became an atheist at 15.   Early in his career, he argued that no conceivable events could constitute proof against God for believers, so skeptics were right to wonder whether the concept of God meant anything at all.   Another landmark was his 1984 "The Presumption of Atheism," playing off the presumption of innocence in criminal law. Flew said the debate over God must begin by presuming atheism, putting the burden of proof on those arguing that God exists.
Why would someone else's religious beliefs refresh you? And as for his "conversion", he is still utterly convinced that your God doesn't exist. He does not believe in a diety that intervenes in human affairs, or in an afterlife. He's entertaining the idea that someone/something created the universe, and then hasn't done anything since. His notion of a God is so utterly removed from yours that I can't imagine why you consider his "conversion" a victory.He's made a step in the right direction..going from believing there is none to believing there is a supreme being.  I'm not sure what your think my God is, but I will say that I do not hold all the beliefs of a staunch Baptist. I suppose the closest quick descriptor would be that of a clockmaker God..one who started all this mess and sits back to watch it happen...allows evolution to take its course, even though He does already know what the course will be. He doesn't control my every move. I suppose I'm not really that far away from Mr Slew. It's simply refreshing to hear that a relatively intelligent man has changed his mind...and come closer to what I believe. That's all.  ...and I don't consider it a victory because I haven't put forth any effort to change his mind. It affects me very little what he thinks.
This is old news. He is more of a deist than anyting else. I guess he is going senile in his old age. His 'conversion' does not affect me at all.  Here is a link about it  http://www.secweb.org/asset.asp?AssetID=369I thought someone might attribute this to dementia.
You are a Christian, aren't you? You believe in an afterlife, and divinity of Jesus, personal salvation, things like that? If so then you are miles from Flew's position.Not in the concept of what God is like. Jesus, salvation, the afterlife are other topics. Believing that there is a supreme being is only one step.
He's made a step in the right direction..going from believing there is none to believing there is a supreme being.  Agreed. There's no way around it; Flew is no longer an atheist. What is most interesting however, is that he came to the belief in God because of scientific evidence. Christian scientists have been saying the same thing for years, but are often ridiculed for it by atheists in the scientific community.
A blind faith in a particular religion's God seems rather different than a decision based upon reasoning   But that's just it . . . if his belief in God is based on reasoning and science, then it's not "blind" faith.  Given this context, it is nothing short of extraordinary - even revolutionary - that the clear front-runner in the presidential vote being held on Sunday is Michelle Bachelet, a divorced mother of three who is an atheist and a member of the Socialist Party.   It must throw a large monkey wrench in your dogma that all conservative Christians are intolerant.
The funny thing, Trebor, is that you have no idea what it is based on. You've read an atheist's article on it saying he hasn't kept up with recent theories in science. In that case, do you and other atheists concede that, up until a few years ago (maximum), it appeared that, by all logical accounts, theists had been right all along? I'm sure you don't. But why? Well, basically because you don't really know anything about any of the theories you are discussing. This is the problem with caring about "big minds" and their theoretical swervings: unless you read the books and do the research, you have no grounds to make informed judgments. This is why I posted a major philosopher who became a theist's book, so that people on this forum can make their own decisions. Will anyone read it? Almost certainly not. Why? Because most people here are lazy and aren't really here to experience new ideas.
You are too easily refreshed. Flew is not a biologist, and his assertion that "biologists' investigation of DNA has shown, by the almost unbelievable complexity of the arrangements which are needed to produce (life), that intelligence must have been involved" is one that many biologists would challenge. Essentially, all Flew has concluded is that some Great Unknown Thing is responsible for the existence of life and the universe; and in common with most cultures throughout history he has named that Great Unknown Thing god.  Even if we were to accept this reasoning, the GUT that Flew envisages is a million light years from the anthropomorphic and anthropocentric tyrant-father invoked by the Middle Eastern monotheisms. He has conspicuously omitted from his statements any notion that it is interested in (or even aware of) humankind, let alone that it requires our worship. He does not, you will note, believe in an afterlife.  Professor Flew is entitled to his opinions, as are we all; and his assertion that the level of complexity observed in living organisms requires a non-naturalistic explanation is just that - his opinion. That said, any christian crowing over Flew's 'conversion' is clutching at a pretty slender straw.I'm not clutching or crowing. I'm simply pleased everytime I hear that another atheist has changed his/her mind about the existence of a supreme being. He did that...I posted it...a discussion followed.  I read that he didn't believe in the afterlife, Jesus, worship etc...but that does not change the fact that he no longer believes there is no god.
The funny thing, Trebor, is that you have no idea what it is based on. You've read an atheist's article on it saying he hasn't kept up with recent theories in science. In that case, do you and other atheists concede that, up until a few years ago (maximum), it appeared that, by all logical accounts, theists had been right all along? I'm sure you don't. But why? Well, basically because you don't really know anything about any of the theories you are discussing. This is the problem with caring about "big minds" and their theoretical swervings: unless you read the books and do the research, you have no grounds to make informed judgments. This is why I posted a major philosopher who became a theist's book, so that people on this forum can make their own decisions. Will anyone read it? Almost certainly not. Why? Because most people here are lazy and aren't really here to experience new ideas.I got through the first three chapters. He appears to hide behind vagueness, profoundness and impossible scenarios rather than present a substantial argument. I think he is pseudo-intellectual rather than the real thing.  It's good to hear he has become a theist though.
I got through the first three chapters. He appears to hide behind vagueness, profoundness and impossible scenarios rather than present a substantial argument. I think he is pseudo-intellectual rather than the real thing.  It's good to hear he has become a theist though. Well, I applaud your attempt nevertheless; I'm not sure how readily I would be to read such a recommendation. I have no special claim to power, and thus there is no reason for a person to read my recommendations particularly. For that I thank you.  However, I have to say that your description of Chesterton is far off of the truth. He doesn't hide behind vagueness at all, but illustrates his thoughts to the best of his ability (which, if understood, are quite brilliant). Vagueness is one of the attributes which he rightly ascribes to many of the philosophers of his age (and other ages). I have my doubts as to how carefully you engaged yourself in the reading if you believe he "hides" behind anything. The work really needs to be read and engaged in slowly and thoughtfully to be properly understood and appreciated. I have to recommend getting through the first four or five chapters, slowly - but again, your efforts are more than most, if not all, on this forum.
Except, of course, it isn't based on reasoning and science. It is based on misinformation, and personal incredibility.  Well, that's a matter of opinion--or rather, how one views the evidence.
You were crowing a bit. What I don't understand is why. How could you possibly be pleased by some strangers religious views. Would you have been pleased if he switched to liking broccoli? (Or disliking as the case may be)If you want to call it crowing, go right ahead. I do not agree. There is a difference between crowing and attempting to start a revealing dialogue.  ..and naturally, I am, as most likely are, pleased to find when others agree philosophically. His turning to believe is only slightly more significant to me than whether he likes broccoli or not. I really don't care that much about either and would crow about neither. I just thought it would make an interesting thread.  ...and it has.
1 - The man still believes Christians are wrong, and the bible is outright silly.  2 - While I'm sure he has further arguments, this one in isolation is meaningless. It corresponds to the trillion sided dice argument.  If one was to roll a trillion sided dice, then any single outcome would have been a one-in-a-trillion chance.  Applying the above argument, it would have been impossible for this dice to roll this result without willful intervention from an intelligent being, simply because it had such a low probability.  Now, I'm not ruling out the possible existance of some great unknown thing (a god, if you will) but I see nothing that really convinces me one (or many) exist, or ever existed. 1. Christianity and the Bible have nothing to do with this. The fact that they have been brought up is a result of snarling atheists that feel threatened by one of their champions turning to theism. 2. The trillion sided dice argument is not the same argument. The point is that only one side of the dice would have produced life, hence if any of the other sides had landed, this debate would not be possible.  I don't particularly care about Flew or what he thinks. But the reaction that atheists have had to his changing of heart is quite interesting, if not downright humorous.
Which, of course, is not true. The theists make much more out of it than atheists. What some old man does, whom I had never heard of before this controversy, is irrelavent to me. From this thread:  ...as for his "conversion", he is still utterly convinced that your God doesn't exist. He does not believe in a diety that intervenes in human affairs, or in an afterlife. He's entertaining the idea that someone/something created the universe, and then hasn't done anything since. His notion of a God is so utterly removed from yours ...  You are a Christian, aren't you? You believe in an afterlife, and divinity of Jesus, personal salvation, things like that? If so then you are miles from Flew's position.  ...any christian crowing over Flew's 'conversion' is clutching at a pretty slender straw.    Strawman.  If you are referring to the "trillion sided dice" argument as posited by Adept, then you are correct: it was a straw man and I tore it down rather easily.   The fact of the matter, yes i do know what it is based on. I read several articles where it was discussed... including things in his own words.  Frankly, your assumptions just get you into trouble. And frankly, what Flew beleives or doesn't believe is totally irrelavent to me.  What Flew believes is irrelevant, agreed. However, the fact that you know what Flew's argument is because you "read several articles where it was discussed" is like claiming to comprehend Christianity after skimming a few pages of the Bible, or quantum physics after reading a physics book's table of contents. But, instead of ignoring the clearly bolded question in that post, how about you answer it, thereby proving you do understand Flew's argument. Because if your answer is anything but yes, then clearly you do not, because the scientific "proofs" that refute it did not exist up until a few years ago.
No it's not.   And if it is testable, why do you go on to talk about something completely different? Why don't you explain how it is supposedly testable?   It appears that he did just that:  On the contrary, it is testable. ...  and here's how:  You take the number of people who have come out of an alcoholic rehab , and attribute their getting over their addiction to religion. You then do follow up and see how many stay off the addiction compared to the ones that went strictly through the rehabilitation program.
Yo' Jim, I'm not so sure those are my actual quotes in your post #36 above. I can't imagine myself trying to defend my observation to this particular poster, (or any poster for that matter.) I was just telling my story. I don't care if anyone believes it. It's the internet for crissakes. BFD.emoticon_xdonno   I'll go back and check but unless I am totally losing it, (which may be a a very probable possibility,) I don't believe those were my statements.  (But I'm gonna feel like a goofball if they were. Not that they are incorrect, but because I don't remember writing them. Old age is hell. You tend to doubt your own memory.)         Yep...I just got back. I checked and sho' 'nuff that was Trebor who said that. Not me. I thought I was losing it there for a moment. Whew................You right. Me wrong. My bad. I fix.emoticon_xhoho  I suppose I went astray after you responded to the statement that it was untestable.
there is once word to tell my opinion.....shutup. That's not an opinion. It's a command.  Your mental age (single digit...on the low end) is being exposed here.
Nope, not at all. Try reading it all again and see if you can get it right this time.Okay. I read it again. Please expose my density. Please print my exact words from the related post and explain where you found I was not right...lest people not remember the original argument.  Here, I'll print it for you:    It appears that he did just that:  On the contrary, it is testable. ...   and here's how:   You take the number of people who have come out of an alcoholic rehab , and attribute their getting over their addiction to religion. You then do follow up and see how many stay off the addiction compared to the ones that went strictly through the rehabilitation program.  Perhaps I missed something, but it appears that he offered a method of testing, as you requested.
The thing is I too have noticed a lot of people who have gotten off of alcohol and drugs via 'religion'. IMO, the ones that either I know used to do the drugs first hand, or told me they did the drugs are the ones that were more likely to be the 'hyper-religious' types, where religion was EVERYTHING. That observation lead me to make the statement that it was trading one addiction (drugs/alcohol/etc), for another addiction (religion).    Well if that were your brand of religion I could understand it.  In the churches I've been in, the recovering druggies are the ones who went off on their Prodigal Son tears, which they've later regreted.  You folks might want to check out the Christian-based Celebrate Recovery program, which has had remarkable success.
Here's some background.        Trebor&#8217;s proposal doesn&#8217;t test Truthsayer&#8217;s personal experiences, which is what Truthsayer conveyed. He even said so himself, more than once:    and    It is Truthsayer's personal experiences that I and he were referring to. And Trebor&#8217;s proposal would neither confirm nor disconfirm Truthsayer&#8217;s claimed past personal experiences: all Trebor&#8217;s proposal could do, essentially, would be help us decide whether or not Truthsayer&#8217;s claims are reasonable: not if they actually happened.  Which is why I pointed out that Trebor would be testing something completely different: that is, not the same personal experiences that Truthsayer claims to have had. And why I asked if Trebor claims Truthsayer's past personal experiences are testable, then why does he go on to talk about testing something completely different?    ****************************** PS: That is what I originally meant throughout: I was addressing Truthsayer&#8217;s personal experiences, which Trebor&#8217;s proposal doesn&#8217;t test.   However, I now have to admit that I thought Trebor was talking about something even more different. When I read Truthsayer&#8217;s original paragraphs the first time, I noted several key words/phrases such as &#8220;psyche minor&#8221;, &#8220;ward&#8221;, &#8220;flew over the cuckoo&#8217;s nest&#8221;, and &#8220;psycho analysis or medication&#8221; and the shear weight of them led me to think that he was talking about mental patients in a mental ward. Trebor, on the other hand, was clearly talking about alcoholics. It wasn&#8217;t until I just reread the two people's posts back to back that I saw the term "rehab" in both, and figured out that Truthsayer could have meant something other than a mental patients in a mental ward.  So now I admit that Trebor's proposal could test the general nature of Truthsayer's rehab claims, but it still could not test his claimed personal experiences, which is what I was actually addressing.Thank you. Now I understand the confusion.
How do atheists account for the laws of logic in a universe without God? The Laws of logic are conceptual by nature and absolute. Being absolute they transcend space and time. They are not the properties of the physical universe (since they are conceptual) or of people (since people contradict each other, which would mean they weren't absolute). So, how do they account for them?  Examples of logical absolutes are: something cannot be itself and not itself at the same time (Law of non contradiction). A thing is what it is (Law of identity). A statement is either true or false (Law of excluded middle). These are simple, absolute logical absolutes.  How can absolute, conceptual, abstract laws be derived from a universe of matter, energy and motion?  In other words, how can an atheist with a naturalistic presupposition account for the existence of logical absolutes when logical absolutes are conceptual by nature and not physical, energy, or motion?
[QUOTE=jim's trucking]I tried to respond to this when it was in the Religion forum, but it disappeared right before my eyes.  I need some clarification of your posit.  Are you claiming that atheism precludes logic?[QUOTE]  no, im saying (and will explain later) that atheism cannot account for the laws of logic and has to borrow from the christian worldview to account and make sence of the laws of logic.  [QUOTE]I take exception with this part: I agree that the rules of logic are not properties of the physical universe. They are properties of mankind, devised from common sense and experiences of nature. (Logic tells me if I stick my hand in fire, I will get burned.) ...and the fact that people contradict each other has no bearing on the absoluteness of the rules of logic. It merely reflects the failure of many to grasp the rules and play by them.[QUOTE]  They are properties of mankind, devised from common sense and experiences of nature.  you are confusing the mind with the universe. Define what "common sense" is; common sence is subjective, not absolute. If the laws of logic come from experences of nature, then they can change because peoples experences change. Sticking your hand in the fire in not logic. The laws of logic are not actions. They are statements about conceptual patterns of thought. Though one could say that a law of physics (i.e., the angle of reflection is equal to the angle of incidence) is a statement which is conceptual, it is a statement that describes actual physical and observable behavior. But, logical absolutes are not observable and do not describe behavior or actions of things since they reside completely in the mind.  We do not observe the laws of logic occurring in matter. You don't watch an object NOT bring itself into existence if it doesn't exist. Therefore, no law of logic can be observed by watching nothing.   We discover laws of physics by observing and analyzing the behavior of things around us. The laws of logic are not the result of observable behavior of object or actions.  For example, we do not see in nature that something is both itself and not itself at the same time.  Why? Because we can only observe a phenomena that exists, not one that does not exist. If something is not itself, then it doesn't exist. How then can the property of that non-existent thing be observed? It cannot.  Therefore, we are not discovering a law of logic by observation, but by thought.  Or, where do we observe in nature that something cannot bring itself into existence if it does not already exist?  You cannot make an observation about how something does not occur if it does not exist. You would be, in essence, observing nothing at all and how can any laws of logic be applied to or derived from observing nothing at all?   ...and this part:I recall many occasions wherein someone said of a third party, quite truthfully, "He's not himself today." Clearly, he was nobody else and he was still alive, so he was physically himself, but emotionally detached.:)  i dont get it, he can say he is someone else but that does not mean that he is someone else, again law of logic are conceptual. The laws of logic are not dependent upon different peoples minds since people are different. Therefore, they cannot be based on human thinking since human thinking is often contradictory.
Let me know when you learn how to manipulate the quote commands.  I'll reveal part of my next reply right now. If I stick my hand in fire, I will get burned. This is a logical derivation...like If A, then B. It comes from experience and mother's teachings. It will not change. EVER! It is quite logical to assume that in the future, if you stick your hand in fire, you will be burned.   I am new to 4forums so I don't know how to quote very good yet, but that's not the issue at hand. Again, your example is not an example of the laws of logic because logic is a concept and cannot be observed. Putting your hand in the fire has everything to do with nerves not logic; saying that A then B does not follow because someone could tie your hand (I know people that will burn themselves) in a fire and then A would not equal B, however the laws of logic cannot be violated.   Logic cannot come from experience because people's experiences change and are different which means that the laws of logic could change. Logic does not come from your mother's teaching because not everyone has a mother and mothers think differently.   Again, if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs.
Logic is a human construct  Read the post before this one.   We didn't discover it, we invented it. The Greeks firstly IIRC. Guess what, they weren't Christians.   Your statment is like saying we evented 2+2= 4. We did not envent it, it aways existed. Same with logic, its a concept that exists apart from the meterial universe. But in the atheists worldview, only the meterial universe exists.
Try the ( Law of Common Sense) . If your an ex-atheist, you already know the ( Law of Relativity ).  You made up the term "Law of Common Sence." Common sence is relative and changes from person to person. Your defination of common sence will be different then someone elses. Its not universial. Its not a law.   Law of Relativity? Whats your point?
2+2=4 is our way of describing some things, like counting. Now start adding up velocities under relativity theory and you get 1+1=1.  your right but you are missing the point. 2+2=4 in counting and aways in counting. 1+1=1 in velocities and always in velocities! 1+1 will not = 1 in counting and can not. Different areas of math uses different ways to express equations but will not controdict one another.   As for how atheists (and agnostics) explain these rules: simple. We came up with them to facilitate communication and analysis of the world around us.  I have some news for you. The laws of logic existed before you came up with them. The laws of logic by defination are outside the meterial universe because they are concepts. The atheistic worldview cannot account for the laws of logic/absolutes becuse only the meterial universe exists.
Some apply logic, some do not. So much for contradictory thinking.  What evidence do you have that suggests logic exists outside of the human mind? Hold the mythology, please.  from infidels.org -   The Concise Oxford English Dictionary defines logic as "the science of reasoning, proof, thinking, or inference." Logic will let you analyze an argument or a piece of reasoning, and work out whether it is likely to be correct or not.  It's worth mentioning a couple of things which logic is not.  Firstly, logical reasoning is not an absolute law which governs the universe. Many times in the past, people have concluded that because something is logically impossible (given the science of the day), it must be impossible, period. It was also believed at one time that Euclidean geometry was a universal law; it is, after all, logically consistent. Again, we now know that the rules of Euclidean geometry are not universal.  Just becuase people disagree on something does not mean logic changes or stops existing. If logic is not absolute, then no logical arguments for or against the existence of God can be raised and the atheist has nothing to work with. If logic is not absolute, then logic cannot be used to prove or disprove anything.  Your right the laws of logic are in the mind, but we did not make them up, when we die the still exist. Concepts do not exist in a universe of only matter. If you think logic is not absolute and can change there is going to be some problems.
Concepts do not exist outside the mind of man.  Is this where you're going with this nonsense? http://www.carm.org/dialogues/atheist_absolutes.htm  The problem with atheism is that man is material just like a rock. Concepts do not exist in a rock whey should they exist in man? We are all matter. you can say we are more conplex than a rock, but that does not make a difference; matter can not accout for concepts.  Yes, www.carm.org is awsome  Is this where you're going with this nonsense?  thats an example of Ad hominim - Attacking the individual instead of the argument
the fact that the world is governed by laws of logic is exactly what eliminates god. since logic exists, god is not needed.  i suppose you assume that logic needs an intelligent initiator of some sort in order for it to exist? why? logic dictate that adding quantity causes that quantity to increase. this would occur with or without god's existence and needs no devine intervention to be consistently true. logic dictates that a system in equilibrium has a total of equal opposite forces and that the sum of all the forces in the system is 0. this is not contingent on god's presmce either. the more explanations of phenomena that can be logically explained, the less god is needed.   god and logic are indirectly proportionate. an increase in logic causes a decrease in god  Good has nothing do with logic. Explain what good and logic have in common????  The Christian theistic worldview can account for the laws of logic by stating that they come from God.  God is transcendent; that is, He is beyond the material universe being its creator.  God has originated the laws of logic because they are a reflection of His nature.  Therefore, the laws of logic are absolute.  The are absolute because there is an absolute God.  The atheistic worldview cannot account for the laws of logic/absolutes, and must borrow from the Christian worldview in order to rationally argue.
[QUOTE=sinjin]concept -   1. A general idea derived or inferred from specific instances or occurrences.  2. Something formed in the mind; a thought or notion. See Synonyms at idea.     ok, its formed in the mind. laws of logic are formed in the mind in the sence we can think about them. Again, they exist whether we think of them or not. If all there is, is matter, matter cannot account for logic, because matter cannot account for concepts. If i cut open someone's head, do i see the laws of logic? No, because concepts are not material.   Btw that's "ad hominem" and yes, I know.  Thanks for the spelling correction
It would seem to me that your two paragraphs contradict one another.   In one paragraph you argue that the basis for the logical absolutes are physical entities and facts - two objects + two objects = four objects. I agree, 2+2=4 existed before we formally defined it as such. It is "logic", I'm not sure that logic is the right word here, defined on a simple material basis.  Then in the next paragraph you state that logic is outside of the material universe and only a concept. This is where you lose me. Would 2+2=4 if there was no material entity to add or subtract? ie 0+0=0? Do you not first need to have the material in order for there to be a basis for the logic? Chicken and the egg perhaps.  Can you give me an example of a "rule of logic" not based on what we observe in the material world?  Waxy   Show me were something is and not at the same time?
I don't even know where to start with this. It makes zero sense to me.  Can you use the rules of logic to substantiate with 100% certainty that God exists and is absolute in nature, because if you can't, then this whole thread is moot.  Waxy  i can not prove 100% that God exist, the atheist can not prove100% that God does not exist because absolute proof is not posible. However, theisn better fites the evidence than atheism.
Argghhhhh! I hate statements like that!!!  Why the devil would God, if there is a God, fool around making a rock so big that he or she couldn't lift it?  www.carm.org says the following, they make a good point  you can find it at http://www.carm.org/atheism/God_rock.htm   Can God make a rock so big He can't pick it up?    This question is representative of the type of paradoxes atheists use in attempts to prove that God cannot exist. It works like this. God is supposed to be omnipotent. If He is omnipotent, then He can create a rock so big that He can't pick it up. If He cannot make a rock like this, then He is not omnipotent. If He can make a rock so big He can't pick it up, then He isn't omnipotent either. Either way demonstrates that God cannot do something. Therefore God is not omnipotent. Therefore God does not exist.  Is this logical? A little. However, the problem is that this bit of logic omits some crucial information, therefore, it's conclusion is inaccurate. What the above "paradox" lacks is vital information concerning God's nature. His omnipotence is not something independent of His nature. It is part of His nature. God has a nature and His attributes operate within that nature, as does anything and everything else.  For example, I have human nature. I can run. But, I cannot outrun a lion. My nature simply does not permit it. My ability to run is connected to my nature and I cannot violate it. So too with God. His omnipotence is connected to His nature since being omnipotent is part of what He is. Omnipotence, then, must be consistent with what He is and not with what He is not since His omnipotence is not an entity to itself. Therefore, God can only do those things that are consistent with His nature. He cannot lie because it is against His nature to do so. Not being able to lie does not mean He is not God or that He is not all powerful. Also, He cannot cease to be God. Since He is in all places at all times, if He stopped existing then He wouldn't be in all places at all time. Therefore, He cannot cease to exist without violating His own nature.  The point is that God cannot do something that is a violation of His own existence and nature. Therefore, He cannot make a rock so big he can't pick up, or make something bigger than Himself, etc. But, not being able to do this does not mean He is not God nor that He is not omnipotent. Omnipotence is not the ability to do anything conceivable, but the ability to do anything consistent with His nature and consistent with His desire within the realm of His unlimited and universal power which we do not possess. This does not mean He can violate His own nature. If He did something inconsistent with His nature, then He would be self contradictory. If God were self contradictory, He would not be true. Likewise, if He did something that violated his nature, like make a rock so big He can't pick it up, He would also not be true since that would be a self contradiction. Since truth is not self contradictory, as neither is God, if He were not true, then He would not be God. But God is true and not self contradictory, therefore, God cannot do something that violates His own nature. Another way to look at it is realize that in order for God to make something so big He couldn't pick it up, He would have to make a rock bigger than Himself. Since He is infinite in size, He would have to make something that would be bigger than Himself. Since it is His nature to be the biggest thing in existence because He created all things, He cannot violate His own nature by making a rock that is larger than He.  Also, since a rock, by definition, is not infinitely big, then it isn't logically possible to make a rock, something that is finite in size, be infinite in size (no longer a rock) since only God is infinite in size. At dictionary.com, a rock is defined as a "Relatively hard, naturally formed mineral or petrified matter; stone. a) A relatively small piece or fragment of such material. b) A relatively large body of such material, as a cliff or peak. c) A naturally formed aggregate of mineral matter constituting a significant part of the earth's crust." A rock, by definition is not infinitely large. So, to say that the rock must be so big that God cannot pick it up is to say that the rock is no longer a rock.  What the critics are asking is that God become self contradictory as a proof He doesn't exist. Their assertion is illogical from the start. So what they are doing is trying to get God to be illogical. They want to use illogic to prove God doesn't exist instead of logic. It doesn't work and the "paradox" is self-refuting and invalid.
LOL.  That's the point, it's ridiculous.  Much like the statement, "Show me were something is and not at the same time?" as being proof of God's existance by some logical absolute.  If the "laws of logic" are applied to God, he must either be illogical, or not exist.  Waxy   laws of logic can not exist without God. Again and again, matter alone, cannot accout for concepts.
CHRISTIAN APOLOGETICS & RESEARCH MINISTRY www.carm.org  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Can God make a rock so big He can't pick it up?    This question is representative of the type of paradoxes atheists use in attempts to prove that God cannot exist. It works like this. God is supposed to be omnipotent. If He is omnipotent, then He can create a rock so big that He can't pick it up. If He cannot make a rock like this, then He is not omnipotent. If He can make a rock so big He can't pick it up, then He isn't omnipotent either. Either way demonstrates that God cannot do something. Therefore God is not omnipotent. Therefore God does not exist.  Is this logical? A little. However, the problem is that this bit of logic omits some crucial information, therefore, it's conclusion is inaccurate. What the above "paradox" lacks is vital information concerning God's nature. His omnipotence is not something independent of His nature. It is part of His nature. God has a nature and His attributes operate within that nature, as does anything and everything else.  For example, I have human nature. I can run. But, I cannot outrun a lion. My nature simply does not permit it. My ability to run is connected to my nature and I cannot violate it. So too with God. His omnipotence is connected to His nature since being omnipotent is part of what He is. Omnipotence, then, must be consistent with what He is and not with what He is not since His omnipotence is not an entity to itself. Therefore, God can only do those things that are consistent with His nature. He cannot lie because it is against His nature to do so. Not being able to lie does not mean He is not God or that He is not all powerful. Also, He cannot cease to be God. Since He is in all places at all times, if He stopped existing then He wouldn't be in all places at all time. Therefore, He cannot cease to exist without violating His own nature.  The point is that God cannot do something that is a violation of His own existence and nature. Therefore, He cannot make a rock so big he can't pick up, or make something bigger than Himself, etc. But, not being able to do this does not mean He is not God nor that He is not omnipotent. Omnipotence is not the ability to do anything conceivable, but the ability to do anything consistent with His nature and consistent with His desire within the realm of His unlimited and universal power which we do not possess. This does not mean He can violate His own nature. If He did something inconsistent with His nature, then He would be self contradictory. If God were self contradictory, He would not be true. Likewise, if He did something that violated his nature, like make a rock so big He can't pick it up, He would also not be true since that would be a self contradiction. Since truth is not self contradictory, as neither is God, if He were not true, then He would not be God. But God is true and not self contradictory, therefore, God cannot do something that violates His own nature. Another way to look at it is realize that in order for God to make something so big He couldn't pick it up, He would have to make a rock bigger than Himself. Since He is infinite in size, He would have to make something that would be bigger than Himself. Since it is His nature to be the biggest thing in existence because He created all things, He cannot violate His own nature by making a rock that is larger than He.  Also, since a rock, by definition, is not infinitely big, then it isn't logically possible to make a rock, something that is finite in size, be infinite in size (no longer a rock) since only God is infinite in size. At dictionary.com, a rock is defined as a "Relatively hard, naturally formed mineral or petrified matter; stone. a) A relatively small piece or fragment of such material. b) A relatively large body of such material, as a cliff or peak. c) A naturally formed aggregate of mineral matter constituting a significant part of the earth's crust." A rock, by definition is not infinitely large. So, to say that the rock must be so big that God cannot pick it up is to say that the rock is no longer a rock.  What the critics are asking is that God become self contradictory as a proof He doesn't exist. Their assertion is illogical from the start. So what they are doing is trying to get God to be illogical. They want to use illogic to prove God doesn't exist instead of logic. It doesn't work and the "paradox" is self-refuting and invalid.  If you're going to use the words of others in lieu of your own please give credit.    Yes very true, that was wrong of me, i fix it through
If you can't prove or deal in absolutes, then the basis of your argument, the "absolute" nature of logic, just became pretty shaky.    That's HIGHLY debatable. (unless you meant fights (fites?) the evidence, then I would agree.)  Waxy   logic is absolute but that has nothing to do with proving Gods existance  its one of many arguments
Again and again, matter is the source of concepts, no matter = no concepts.  God is irrelevent.  Waxy  matter is not the sourse of concepts.  logic is not dependent on matter
If there is no matter, and nothing exists, how can there be concepts?  Please explain.  Waxy   if there is no matter, logic still exist because it is outside of matter
Why would you argue that man and/or mind is composed of nothing but matter?   because in a materialistic worldview, universe thats all there is
They are constructs of man.   I have refuted this before, look at other posts.
That is the most blatant, long winded, tongue twister of an example of moving the goalposts I've ever seen. You've simply defined God to fit the occasion.   Since when did God have a "nature"?  Since when are you able to define God's nature?   I thought he was infinite and all powerful?  I've lost any respect I might have had for carm.com.  Waxy  P.S. "Rock" is in no way limited by size in its definition (the earth or a pebble, they're both rock), and could conceivable be infinite.   carm.com explains it well. Your loss of respect towards carm does not change anything.
Logical truths simply follow from the way in which concepts are defined.  1 + 1 = 2 is true and always true because of the meaning of (1), the + sign, and =. They are not dependent on matter, nor are they dependent on god.  It is true regardless of whether there is any matter which the number 1 can be used to describe, or regardless of whether any conscious being exists which can think it.  These are not concepts created by man, but discovered by him.    I am not sure what you mean here by derived. If you mean created, they are certainly not created by the physical universe, they are true regardless of whether any universe exists at all.   Yes this may contradict the view of some "strict" naturalists, who claim that the physical, material world is all that exists, but they simply deny that things like the "law of non-contradiction" exist at all. If you say it exists, they will ask you to point to its physical manifestation.   1+1=2 if we know the meaning or not  where do concepts come from when all that exist is matter, we know concepts are outside and are not dependent on matter or experence, or being discovered (if we did not discover them they would still exist) how can matter bring about something that is not matter
They are constructs of man.   if the laws of logic are human constructs then how can they be absolute since humans think differently and often contradictorily. If they are produced from human minds, and human minds are mutually contradictory, then how can the constructs be absolute? Therefore, the laws of logic are not human constructs.
If I search long enough, I can probably find someone who doesn't think 2+2=4.   Does that invalidate it as being correct?  Waxy  Well, I can tell you that 2+2=10, or indeed that 2+2=11, and be correct.
Thank you for repeating me.    Logical truths do not come from "somewhere", your question makes as much sense as "What time is a moose?".  You do not appear to have read my post at all, variously repeating what I have said and addressing things I did not say.        Concepts do not "come from" somewhere, they are not physical entities and do not have physical properties such as locations, beginnings or ends.  They do not require a creator, physical (the universe) or imaginary (God).  You said there are not physical entities. The atheists world in only physical
That the thinking of some men is flawed does not mean the constructs of others is in error.   Your right, logic does not change because mans thinking is flawed that because logic is not a human construct. If is was, logic would change at the whem of our thinking.
You mean like music?   The term "matter" means physical properties that can be observed through our senses. Matter, energy can change forms but can be observed. Music can be observed and tested because music is sound waves which are a form of energy in the category of physical properties. The Laws of Logic are not material and cannot be observed.
i didnt mention good anywhere in my post   this is totally false. the laws of logic being absolute does nothing to support a case for god. in fact, everything the bible tells us about god's nature indicates that god is illogical, unpredictable, unreliable and irreplicable. this is totally the opposite of logic   Your making a bunch of arbitrary statments.
very true. logic exists whether people are there to grasps its concepts or not.  where we disagree is at your assumption that god created logic. how can this be? logic is not contingent on any intelligent entity, whether it be man or god, to exist. the logic of increasing a quantity by adding to it would remain whether god existed or not. you have yet to tie the existence of logic to god as its cause  The atheist needs to explain how something can exist that's not material, cannot be observed, and is absolute.
I just pointed out to you several problems with carm's explanation.  You don't care to comment on those?   Did they not have anything you could cut and paste so you simply avoided the questions?  Waxy   LOL, yeah that was a stupid answer of me, I will be glad to explain, but it will start another series of debates, so for right now I am staying with the issue at hand.
If I search long enough, I can probably find someone who doesn't think 2+2=4.   Does that invalidate it as being correct?  Waxy   No, because 2+2= 4 if you agree with it or not.  It's a concept that is not dependent on man to agree with it.
Abram, I would suggest you study cognitive processes and the evolution of both the human body and the human mind. We take reality and describe it in our minds and thus form it into abstract concepts which we can operate with. Or, for more fun, just read a few articles on camouflage. You'll see that you don't become invisible by looking exactly like your surroundings, but by simply not looking like anything at all to the observer's eye.  Sounds like lots of arbitrary statements.  Your assuming things to be true, and attacking the person not the argument.
this is not true. the intangible, such as time, ideas and emotions, are just as real to atheists as anybody else. atheists dont subscribe to a spiritual realm, but that doesnt mean they dont agree on the existence of the non-physical. there is a difference    Concepts are real in the atheists worldview, but they still have not (cannot) account for them.  by the way, how do you know things?
Yes, but then, concepts are also physical as patterns in neural networks, carbon layers on cellulose sheets and electric charges.  ( the above is an answer to , posting simultaneously can lead to trouble)   Explain, what do you mean, you're equating concepts with neural networks, carbon layers....etc?
addition works in the intangible as well. 1 minute + 1 minute = 2 minutes. 1 idea + 1 idea = 2 ideas. the concept of quantity is not limited to matter.   if there was just a vaccous void were absolutely nothing was happening, then there would be no application of logic. but even that in itself would be logical. nothing + nothing = nothing is logical. it would actually be logical if a void with nothing added to it result in something. so even in a void, logic still prevails   Thats all to say that logic is not part of the material universe
again, please review the definition of an atheist  humor cannot be observed by apparatus that test the physical realm. it is an abstract and intangible quality. so is beauty, artistic ability and pleasure. yet these things exist and are as real to an atheist as it is to a theist. an atheist does not need a devine revelation to appreciate intangible qualities or account for their existence. they can be detected through mental processing, and communicated so that others can agree on the quality and identify it when it is present.  being an atheist does not preclude belief in the existence of intangible and abstract things. it just precludes the belief in god and a spiritual/supernatural realm  your equating "belief in the existence of intangible and abstract things" with God.  you can pick and choose what intangible and abstract things to believe in?
i think your presumed definition of what an atheist is the source of some of the problems here  an atheist is someone who believes that god doesnt exist. this has nothing to do with a belief or lack thereof of the intangible.  concepts are not spiritual entities and dont require a spiritual realm to exist. a concept is an idea about how something works. for example, electricity is a concept. it is the theory that electrons jump from orbitting one atom to the next in a conductive material, causing a "flow" of electrons. this has nothing to do with god or a spiritual realm.  addition, as we have discussed here, is also a concept. a quantity of something increases as you add to it. there is nothing supernatural or miraculous about it   Your going around the point. How can you believe in intangible/concepts when only the material world exist? I have explained that concepts (laws of logic) are not apart of, does not come from and cannot be seen in the material universe yet athiests say they exist?  Faith: Belief that does not rest on logical proof or material evidence (thefreedictionary.com)
I believe the problem with your line of reasoning lies in your definition of atheist, as unkerpaulie and others have pointed out to you.   Atheism: " An atheist is someone who believes and/or knows there is no god."  "An atheist lacks belief in a god."  "An atheist exercises no faith in the concept of god at all."  "An atheist is someone who is free from religious oppression and bigotry."  "An atheist is someone who is a free-thinker, free from religion and its ideas."  (carm.org)  in other words, someone that does not believe in God.  im i getting close to the defination of an atheist?
i went to great lengths in my last point to show the DIFFERENCE between intangible things and god. if you missed it, ill explain again.  here are a list of abstract qualities: joy, hunger, historical importance, fairness, etc.  these cannot be measured or judged by apparatus  atheists acknowledge the existence of these things  atheists do not acknowledge god  the intangible qualities i've listed have NOTHING to do with the existence of god   ummm... yes you can. i dont believe that a supernatural realm nor in god exists. i believe that joy and hunger exists. all are intangible, but i believe in some and dont believe in some  getting back to the topic, things like logical concepts can be acknowledged by atheists without god's existence. the logic of addition and equilibrium and things like that, they have been proven to be consistent and absolute, so they are believable  god, on the other hand, has been described as "mysterious" and "beyond our understanding". there is nothing predictable, reliable, consistent or duplicable about any aspect or quality of god. god is clearly not absolutely, and cannot be described or defined in logical and absolute terms.  the ironic thing about this thread is that weve demonstrated countless times that in other for theists to maintain their belief in god, they inevitably must reject logic. the application of logic undermines the fundamentals of faith. the more logic is applied, the more faith dwindles. an atheist's firm grasp on logic is usually the main reason why he rejects the belief that god exists  ok, here are some question so show you that in the atheists worldview, they cannot explain why logic exists. They have to believe in on faith  first question: how do your know things?
this gave me an interesting idea. 2+2=4. you say we know this because we can place 2 groups of 2 matchsticks on the table together and count them (lol in kindergarten they used to make us add with match sticks! go figure)  but how do we know that 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters + 2,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters = 4,000,000,000,000,000,000 hamsters? there is no way we could test this in the physical world to prove that it is true. yet because addition is a logical and consistent process, there is no doubt that the sum is correct. it demonstrates that the logic of addition and equilibrium would work even without physical evidence   your point?
if you want me to get to my point in the whole laws of logic debate, please answer theese questions (whenever its conveinent for you) Thanks  1. How do you know things?
we know things because we have consistently demonstrated them to be true. in other words, they have been proven  consider this statement: touching a hot pot will burn me  i know that a hot pot will burn me because i've consistently been burned by hot pots when i touch them. this is personal experience and the first level of proof.   expanding on this, we know that fire converts propane gas (in the stove) from chemical energy to thermal energy. we also know that thermal energy is conducted through and temporarily stored in metal objects, such as a pot. and we know that our nervous system has sensors in our fingertips that detect temperature and causes us to feel a painful sensation when it detects something very hot. so touching a hot pot will burn me. this is scientific evidence and the second level of proof  either level of proof is enough to consider the statement to be true. when we mentally affirm a statement we consider to be true, we "know" that it is true   ill answer your follow up question right away. 'knowing" something by faith is different from "knowing" something by evidence, in that it is the opposite. faith is considering a statement to be true at the lack of evidence or in the face of contradictory evidence. i may "know" that a hot pot will burn me because i have been told, but havent proven this myself. this "knowledge" is based on faith, and continues to be based on faith until i have evidence that this is true. as time goes on and i experience being burnt by pots or understand the mechanics of being burnt by hot pots, i no longer rely on the faith i had in being told, because i have enough evidence to know that it is true for myself   an atheist "knows" things through evidence. specifically concerning things of god and the supernatural, there is simply no evidence of a consistent and reliable condition. "evidence" for god's existence is usually very sporadic and unpredictable, and its simply not consistent enough to be considered evidence, so the statements based thereon are considered not true   is it safe to say you know things by sense perception?
It's still an extrapolation (using logic) that is based on the physically observable.  Without first observing it and testing the hypothesis using the physical, we would have no basis for the extrapolation, or the logic the extrapolation is based on.  Waxy   You can do what you want with numbers, but you have to use the Laws of Logic inorder to make any hypothesis.
I can't believe it took you guys 8 pages to figure out that the thread he started wasn't his original thoughts on this whole discussion.  Go back and read his first post. I'm out of my league in this sort of debate, but general knowledge told me he didn't come up with those comparisons. He laid all his cards on the table at once.  I see that a lot here, threads started without the poster even making a comment. Personal thoughts on the subject matter would help.emoticon_xgood   I believe Ambram brought up some interesting debate material, he just started in too quick.   Ambram. Know your foe before you do battle. :xbanghead This can be a rough place sometimes. I was a victim last week.emoticon_xhoho  ok, thanks for your message, i understand.  Just because i am not responding does not mean they have won the debate. They have yet to explain how something non-material can exist in a universe that is only material. Atheists cannot account for the laws of logic. How do you know that the laws of logic exist? can you tast, smell, feel, see or touch the laws of logic? of course not.
Underlining something doesn't make it correct.  Waxy    i know, it was to draw the readers attention
You cannot acount for the Laws of Logic, you have to be inconsistant in your woldview to hold to atheism. A world of only matter can not account for something that exists outside of matter and non-material.
please define atheism, in your own words, not a dictionary.com copy and paster   In my own words, 'a' means no, and 'theos' means God. Someone that believes there is no God. In other words, God does not exist.
we know things because we have consistently demonstrated them to be true. in other words, they have been proven  consider this statement: touching a hot pot will burn me  you know things by using your senses  i know that a hot pot will burn me because i've consistently been burned by hot pots when i touch them. this is personal experience and the first level of proof.  again by using your senses  expanding on this, we know that fire converts propane gas (in the stove) from chemical energy to thermal energy. we also know that thermal energy is conducted through and temporarily stored in metal objects, such as a pot. and we know that our nervous system has sensors in our fingertips that detect temperature and causes us to feel a painful sensation when it detects something very hot. so touching a hot pot will burn me. this is scientific evidence and the second level of proof  again you know things by using your senses  either level of proof is enough to consider the statement to be true. when we mentally affirm a statement we consider to be true, we "know" that it is true  Truth is relative? Changes from person to person?   ill answer your follow up question right away. 'knowing" something by faith is different from "knowing" something by evidence, in that it is the opposite. faith is considering a statement to be true at the lack of evidence or in the face of contradictory evidence. i may "know" that a hot pot will burn me because i have been told, but havent proven this myself. this "knowledge" is based on faith, and continues to be based on faith until i have evidence that this is true. as time goes on and i experience being burnt by pots or understand the mechanics of being burnt by hot pots, i no longer rely on the faith i had in being told, because i have enough evidence to know that it is true for myself   an atheist "knows" things through evidence. specifically concerning things of god and the supernatural, there is simply no evidence of a consistent and reliable condition. "evidence" for god's existence is usually very sporadic and unpredictable, and its simply not consistent enough to be considered evidence, so the statements based thereon are considered not true  there is simply no evidence  carm makes a good point about this: "There is no proof that God exists" To say "there is no proof for God's existence," is illogical because an atheist cannot know all things by which he could state that there is no proof. He can only say he has not yet seen a convincing proof; after all, there may be one he hasn't yet seen.   Your presupposition is that science has no evidence for God, but that is only an opinion.  Science looks at natural phenomena through measuring, weighing, seeing, etc. God, by definition, is not limited to the universe. Therefore, it would not be expected that physical detection of God would be found.    how do you know that the laws of logic exists? did you experence the "law of non-contradiction "? tested it for awhile? the atheist knows things through evidence. Show me the law of non-controdiction?
"There is no proof that God exists" is quite accurate. Only the deepest philosophy will come to the point of seriously debating the fault in the statement, which is that as we are posessed of imperfect knowledge we cannot deny the possibility that some as yet undiscovered proof of god might exist. In this case, we'd modify the statement to "There is no known proof that God exists." However, in the context, what you are doing is not deep philosophy, but nitpicking.  As for the laws of logic, once more I shall try to explain from another angle: logic, mathematics and similar are ways in which we describe the universe. Take an apple. Take another apple. Now you have two apples, but you don't actually have two of the same things. You just recognize that apples are similar one to another and that it is reasonable to invent the nonexistent context of an abstract apple.  All you have said is there are two apples. I noticed you said "describe", I can describe what a chair is, but that description is not the chair itself. Are the apples the "law of non-contradiction"?  While this may be somewhat unclear, it is clarified if you take an apple and a pear. You now have two fruits. However, you will notice that there is no fruit in reality, only apples, pears, peaches and so on. Fruit is an abstract concept. That abstract concept exists only as a set of criteria within our minds. Even so, these concepts are not universal, which is immediately obvious once you notice the various things people consider fruit even though they fail to meet some criteria, thus showing their non-universality.  "Fruit" is a name we give to identify a physical object; the laws of logic are not physical. When you say "fruit" exists you can show its existence in the physical world. If the laws of logic exist, then show me. For one thing, atheism cannot account for a universal concept that is not material, and does not depend on our thinking. In addition to that, I am using the same argument atheist's use against the existence of God to get the atheist to show me the existence of the laws of logic. Atheists say, "Show me God" I cannot see him. Theist describe that the universe cannot exist without God by showing the affects of God in the material universal (design) Show me the laws of logic, where is it? I cannot see it. Using apples is describing it is not the law itself. Just like I describe the evidence of Gods existence.  The laws or logic are not universal? Again, you are using matter to show something that is non-material, I can look at fruit until I am blue in the face but that only describes concepts, it is not the laws of logic itself.   This is how abstract concept can "exist" in our minds, without having an existence of their own.  How can they? If they exist in the mind and not on there own, then I can chose not do think about or believe in these laws (Bivalency, Involution, Idempotency,Identity, (Non-)Contradiction, Excluded Middle, Contraction, Commutatively, DeMorgan's, Associatively, Distributivity) and they stop existing? Or I could say, "hofflenosh" is a concept I think is stupid and does not exist, come to think of it, the law of excluded middle is a stupid concept so it does not exist either. If is existed only in the mined, it would not be absolute. It would be your opinion of the law of logic existing against someone that says they do not exist.   And these concepts are something we invented  So before "we invented" the laws of logic they did not exist? Something could be itself and not itself at the same time, before "we invented" the law of non-contradiction?  Until you are introduced to one, you don't have knowledge of them. For example, you have no knowledge of the concept of "hofflenosh", which is what this thread is all about, but it is still an abstract concept.  Just because we do not know the laws of logic does not mean they do not exist. I could debate someone and violate the laws of logic and claim I don't have any knowledge of them and therefore they don't exist for me.  Attacking the person again, not the argument, I guess atheists can make logical fallacies because it's a concept that they can choose to not exist like the concept of "hofflenosh"  it is not possible to study anything that has absolutely no effect on us by any means, not even logic and philosophy  Hmmm, you cannot study the laws of logic. That's like saying we cannot study math because it as no effect on us. Try violating the law of non-contradiction in a test you take. Say to person that is giving the test, "The wrong answer can be the right answer at the same time sir, because the law of non-contradiction has no effect and does not exist for me, beside its impossible it study the laws of logic or anything abstract like this test."   Also, while the purely philosophical argument does hold water, making the position of agnosticism theoretically more accurate than either atheism or religion, one must realize the limits of what this argument means.  First, it does not prove the existence of god.  Second, it does not extend very far when it comes to real life. Religion is not just about philosophical debate, it also makes several demands of real life. Observance of rituals, setting up taboos, establishing morality and similar. In order to accapt these, however, one must be able to substantiate them with arguments based upon reality.  Here, we get into different waters. The arguments proposed by the religious often lack a suitable amount of rational support. In the case of those that don't, science can often offer alternative explanations that turn out to be better supported and more likely. In the case of these arguments, atheism is actually a valid position.  And, just in case: "I declare that I know the existence of an entity of a higher order, beyond the ken of mortals, and that this entity demands that we cease existing immediately, for which it offers to reward us with an eternity of blissful nonexistence. If we do not comply, it threatens to utterly destroy us all." Just to prevent any tricky ideas about there being only one and such...   I can see why people would be drawn to atheism, wow, "eternity of blissful non-existence" ("blissful" you can enjoy non-existence?) as an atheist it does not matter what you do, life has no meaning, we are atoms banging around at random, you live-you die-you stink-and then you're extinct. Do whatever you want, rape, murder, or be the next Hitler. If you want to be kind and caring like Mother Teresa, that's fine too, because there is no difference between Hitler, Stalin, Lenin, Mao and Mother Teresa; in the end, they all have the same consequences for their actions: non-existences.
don't think any of them think that gives them the licence to rape, kill, murder or be the next Hitler. The idea that judeo/christian believers have the copyrights to moral living and obediance to societies laws, is a pure and arrogant fallacy.  im not saying that my worldview is 100% provable because i live by faith but my faith is not blind, it makes sense to what we see in the world. However, if one examines the atheists worldview, it has lots of things that it cannot account for. All that exist is matter; do I excuse a rock for tripping me? They cannot account for morals. If morals come from man, then man can change them, if they come from majority consensus, it still begs the question is the majority right? The majority can change. If we are born with them, I could say, I was born to kill. (Animals do not have morals why should we?)   I have common sense and I use it.   "common sense" what makes your common sense better then mine? how do you know your common sense is correct? common sense is relative, not absolute.  I suggest to you that if a body of people were on a deserted island with no contact with the outside world or any exposure to any religion whatsoever, they too, would know right from wrong.  maybe, but see, that does not match the materialist universe?  Is it your position that if it weren't for religious laws mandating you from stealing and killing, that you would go out and do it?   Why not, think about it. No rules, all we are, are animals. If atheism is true, that is what we are left with. Go ahead make an argument for morality.
i think you lost him at apples somewhere...  abram, he's saying, before we invented the concept of "fruit", the concept of "fruit" did not exist. a fruit is both a thing and a term that collecively defines a group of things. each "fruit" is a physical thing with an identity of its own, such as apples, oranges, pears, etc, and none of them are simply a "fruit". therefore no such thing as a "fruit" exists, except the general concept that collectively defines apples, oranges, pears, etc. (why am i even bothering)  here is the proof that the law of non-contradiction exists (again)  you cannot know your name and not know your name at the same time. therefore the logic of non-contradiction is true.  i agree, that fruit is a concept that is aplied to the phyical world, but the fruit concept is different in the fact that it did not exist untill we placed the term "fruit" with the physical matter. The laws of logic, on the other hand, were not made up concepts and aways existed and does not have any physical manifistation like "fruit" does.   your example is good about you can not know your name and know your name at the same time. but again, that example is not the law itself. My question is how do you know that statement is true? you seam to gain knowledge my using your senses (touching the pot)what sensing are you using to know that statement. you are now using abstract things like "names" to describ the laws of logic because you know you cannot show the laws of logic in the physical universe. So you know something exists thats universial, not apart of, or dependent on the mind of man, non-material, and can not be show in physical world. Atheists dont believe in God because they cannot see him, eventhrough there are physical evidence of a creator but will believe in the laws of logic when it cannot be sean in the physical universe. I can discribe God just like you can give examples of the laws of logic, but the discription of both are not them. that was my first point. my second point was the laws of logic must come from God because universial, unchanging, non-material, absolute concepts (laws of logic) cannot exist when all there is, is matter.   i guess i did not get anywhere with this, but it just something to think about. and with that, as for me, im done with the topic.  thanks for putting up with me.
Abram, when a chess computer plays chess it uses what are essentially concepts of a chess board, chess pieces, and the rules of chess.   Go ahead Abram, open up the "thinking" part of a chess computer and show me the physical chess board and physical chess pieces that the computer moves around on it while analyzing a position. You can't: they don't exist ... not as their physical selves. Instead, logic circuits model these entities - they create immaterial representations of physical objects and then manipulate the representations logically. And the rules of chess - analogous to the laws of logic - are programmed into the computer: ultimately, they exist as some organization of matter even though you can't see, feel, hear, smell, or taste rule of chess  So Abram, would you argue that chess computers are more than just matter? Do you claim that chess computer possess a soul?  I would not argue that. Chess computers run only on electricity. A computer does not have a "mind of its one." A computer is only matter (electricity is a form of matter). The way a computer works as if it is intelligent, but is really works because it is following what has been pre-programmed. All it does is follow the physical laws. Computers do not use concepts! When you make a move on a chess game, it is like turning on the lights in room. All you are doing is sending an electrical single to the computer that must follow what has been pre-programmed. E-mail Dell or something; ask a computer expert if computers have concepts. I grantee you computers do not. Computers are noting but physical matter.  I have answered your question but as I said, I am done with this topic. My position still stands, the laws of logic are non-material, universal, unchanging, and absolute. Atheists cannot explain why they exist because there worldview is only material. If the laws of logic are material, then show me. Material things change and are not absolute. It is like saying, all that exist are marbles, but appealing to some non-marble entity to prove there worldview. There are rocks, trees ...and logic! Look everyone there are the laws of logic...hum I can't see them...are they under that rock? You said everything is material. They have to acknowledge that they cannot account for the laws of logic but use them in order to argue for atheism.
 As to the law of identity, Jesus is called both the "Son of God" and the "Son of Man"    I believe Jesus actually can be both. Jesus called himself "the son of man", and we all fall into that category. Jesus calmed his father was in heaven. Jesus asked his mother, "Who is my brother or my sister?"   How can Jesus be the son of man and yet the son of God? What prayer did Jesus give when asked?  Jesus told those who asked for a prayer from him to pray; "Our Father, who art in heaven." Hold up- If we pray, "our father", then who are we?  We are the son of man. We are the son of God. Maybe getting to know yourself brings you closer to God than anyone else can. What does being born again mean? All things born have a mother and a father.   I believe love is logical. And Love is the simple key to understanding yourself and your neighbor. No other key will get you closer to self understanding. Now its logical to say a designer places a little of himself in everything he makes. If this is true then God is in us. Maybe love and a mirror is the best book you'll ever read on the subject of God.
Abram DeWeese  Thanks for your post i have been reading this thread . The atheist cannot give account for the laws of logic . They have to steal from the christian world view for the laws of logic to exist . And honest atheist would have to say i cant see it i cant taste feel it etc . It doenst exist . If they are chemical reactions in the brains then . Individuals determine the laws of logic in there own mind . That means no indviduals chemical reactions can ever be wrong because there is no standard to say it is wrong . if societys say chemical reaction is what determines the laws of logic . Then the christian God wins by default because more people believe in the Christian God then atheism islam etc . So this self refutes itself . Please stick to the subject we all have concepts but we need a standard to judge our concepts to see if they are accurate .
Sinjin posted the following:  Logic is a human construct. We didn't discover it, we invented it. The Greeks firstly IIRC. Guess what, they weren't Christians.  If logic was invented by man that would mean that when people did not exist neither did logic. That does not sound logical to me. Most people believe there is life eleswhere in the universe (I'm not saying I do but I just want to illustrate a point). If logic was invented by man does that mean aliens elsewhere in the universe do not have logic to guide them?  Just a question.   "In Christ are hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge." (Colossians 2:3)
Logic is an act of reason. Laws of logic are necessary for logical reasoning. Take the law of non-contradiction. You don't need a university degree to know that it would be wrong to say it is raining and it is not raining at the same location at the same time. Logic is built into us because we have been created with the ability to reason logically, because we have been created in the image of God, who is the epitome of logical reasoning.   Speak to enough people and you will know that logical reasoning is a universal truth accepted by all. Nobody invented it. No cultural group on the planet invented it.   All the "evidence and experience of life" we have tells us that laws of logic are universal, transcendent truths.   Your idea that aliens will not experience the same logic we do is unfounded because it is built on the erroneous assertion that environment determines the outworking of logical reasoning.   Here on planet earth we are one race and we have much in common. But human beings are incredibly diverse. There are so many different culture groups all around us. Yet logic is universal. To suggest that logic is simply a universal and harmonious tool all people groups on the planet somehow created for all of us to make use and sense of is, well, not logical.  "In Christ are hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge." (Colossians 2:3)
Is there a difference between secularism and atheism? Here are the dictionary.com definitions of the two words;  secularism P Pronunciation Key (s k y -l -r z m) n.  1. Religious skepticism or indifference.  2. The view that religious considerations should be excluded from civil affairs or public education.    atheism P Pronunciation Key ( th - z m) n.  1.  a. Disbelief in or denial of the existence of God or gods.  b. The doctrine that there is no God or gods.  2. Godlessness; immorality.   Here is part of the Humanist manifesto 2, concerning religion;  FIRST: In the best sense, religion may inspire dedication to the highest ethical ideals. The cultivation of moral devotion and creative imagination is an expression of genuine "spiritual" experience and aspiration. We believe, however, that traditional dogmatic or authoritarian religions that place revelation, God, ritual, or creed above human needs and experience do a disservice to the human species. Any account of nature should pass the tests of scientific evidence; in our judgment, the dogmas and myths of traditional religions do not do so. Even at this late date in human history, certain elementary facts based upon the critical use of scientific reason have to be restated. We find insufficient evidence for belief in the existence of a supernatural; it is either meaningless or irrelevant to the question of survival and fulfillment of the human race. As nontheists, we begin with humans not God, nature not deity. Nature may indeed be broader and deeper than we now know; any new discoveries, however, will but enlarge our knowledge of the natural.  Some humanists believe we should reinterpret traditional religions and reinvest them with meanings appropriate to the current situation. Such redefinitions, however, often perpetuate old dependencies and escapisms; they easily become obscurantist, impeding the free use of the intellect. We need, instead, radically new human purposes and goals.  We appreciate the need to preserve the best ethical teachings in the religious traditions of humankind, many of which we share in common. But we reject those features of traditional religious morality that deny humans a full appreciation of their own potentialities and responsibilities. Traditional religions often offer solace to humans, but, as often, they inhibit humans from helping themselves or experiencing their full potentialities. Such institutions, creeds, and rituals often impede the will to serve others. Too often traditional faiths encourage dependence rather than independence, obedience rather than affirmation, fear rather than courage. More recently they have generated concerned social action, with many signs of relevance appearing in the wake of the "God Is Dead" theologies. But we can discover no divine purpose or providence for the human species. While there is much that we do not know, humans are responsible for what we are or will become. No deity will save us; we must save ourselves.  SECOND: Promises of immortal salvation or fear of eternal damnation are both illusory and harmful. They distract humans from present concerns, from self-actualization, and from rectifying social injustices. Modern science discredits such historic concepts as the "ghost in the machine" and the "separable soul." Rather, science affirms that the human species is an emergence from natural evolutionary forces. As far as we know, the total personality is a function of the biological organism transacting in a social and cultural context. There is no credible evidence that life survives the death of the body. We continue to exist in our progeny and in the way that our lives have influenced others in our culture.  Traditional religions are surely not the only obstacles to human progress. Other ideologies also impede human advance. Some forms of political doctrine, for instance, function religiously, reflecting the worst features of orthodoxy and authoritarianism, especially when they sacrifice individuals on the altar of Utopian promises. Purely economic and political viewpoints, whether capitalist or communist, often function as religious and ideological dogma. Although humans undoubtedly need economic and political goals, they also need creative values by which to live.   http://www.jcn.com/manifestos.html  Are the sentences I highlighted above not basic, strong core beliefs of both secularists and atheists? I see nothing anywhere in the above paragraphs that would distinguish a secularist from an atheist. Is there anything in the above paragraphs that would constitute an unreconcilable difference between the two?   Also from dictionary.com;  worldview ( P ) Pronunciation Key (wrldvy) n. The overall perspective from which one sees and interprets the world.  A collection of beliefs about life and the universe held by an individual or a group.   What are the differences between the ways a secularist and an atheist would see and interpret the world?
It's a dictionary, meant to report meaning not make it. The use of the word 'atheist' to denote godlessness and immorality is very old: in fact, in the middle ages 'practical atheists' were considered more common and more of a problem than 'theoretical atheists', as pretty much everyone theoretically believed in God but some still acted godlessly.
I hope there's a way to leave feedback for the fine folks at Dictionary.com. Atheism has nothing to instruct us in immorality.  I agree, I thought about putting a disclaimer about my thoughts on that in my first post, but I figured it would come up soon enough. I have had atheist aquaintances / coworkers throughout my life that were no different in some basic morals ect. from myself. I suppose they would claim that their morals come from worldly experiences, not the Bible. I can't argue with that.   With the word "immorality" left out of the one definition, it makes the definitions of the two terms more similar, which concerns my point.
 Instead of answering the question, I'll ask a "counter-question" to try to illustrate the irrelevance of your question: What are the differences between the ways that a secular mathematician, an atheistic mathematician, and a theistic mathematician would see and interpret numbers and math? If they all believe that 2+2=4, that the sum of the squares of the measures of the lengths of the two legs of any right triangle is equal to the square of the measure of the length of the hypotenuse, that the derivative of the natural log of x is the reciprocal of x, etc., does that mean that secularism, atheism, and theism are all the same?   It does mean they are all the same, concerning mathematics. But black & white subjects like mathematics make up a very small percentage of subjects that people deal with and make decisions on every day. Seeing and interpreting the world. The Humanist Manifesto outlines it in a broad sense. It's main point seems to be that humans are the highest form of intelligence, concerning earth and all life on it. If atheists declare there is no god, and secularists don't give any thought to a god, what differences would there be on how knowledge is filtered, decisions are made, values are established, and priorities are set?    Kronus also makes a good point. Many "things" (like math and science, as opposed to people) are secular and not atheistic.  Math is much more black & white than science is. In some science, the same evidence can lead to different conclusions. The worldview, the beginning presuppositions of the person studying the evidence, is often what determines the conclusion.   Based on the definitions you gave, they're quite different. Atheism is a matter of personal belief, secularism is a matter of public policy. There's no reason you can't be devoutly religious and a secularist. You would have your religious views, but believe that public policy should not be based on them.   A devoutly religious person would disagree with all the statements in the Humanist Manifesto that I highlighted. Would they believe that public policy should be based on things that they don't believe?   A hypothetical - If a public policy was a vote on abortion, and the "devoutly religious" person voted no, and the atheist voted yes, would the secularist, or humanist, be a non vote, a neutral position? There is no neutral position, because the issue would be decided one way or the other, and would effect the society of the secularist the same as it would the other two. It's clear who the secularist would side with.
They are different terms and apply to different things. Secularism is not a worldview in itself, it is a policy of how to apply religious and other worldview in real life.  Secularism does not exclude people with a religious worldview. One may imagine a devout christian that firmly believes in his faith, but is also convinced that faith must come from within and that forcing someone to behave in accordance with a religion simply encourages false faith, and would logically conclude that his faith should not be forced upon people (usually with the subclause of "Let them burn in hell afterwards", or something else along those lines).  So if an atheist believes that humans are the highest form of intelligence, and a devout Christian believes God is the highest form of intelligence, the Christian should allow the atheist to force him to behave as if humans are the highest form of intelligence?
Are you saying that I'm unreasonable? There is no God and you can provide no conclusive evidence that there is. Your ball....So am I reasonable to say 'there is no material world' because you can provide no conclusive evidence? Or 'there is no cause and effect' or 'there are no conscious beings except me?'
There is much more evidence for any of those than there is for any God. We can easily prove cause and effect and the existance of concious beings with the scientific method. There is zero proof for a God except conjecture. I'll wait for Obvious Child's response - but I anticipate that you're going to get an argument that proof of cause and effect is neither easy nor possible.  And the same applies to the existence of conscious beings.
There is much more evidence for any of those than there is for any God. We can easily prove cause and effect and the existance of concious beings with the scientific method. There is zero proof for a God except conjecture.Alan Ryan is right: as for the scientific method, it assumes cause and effect, the material world, the reliability of future resembling past and suchlike before it starts. And how can it prove subjective mental states?  As for 'our own existence suggests that it is plausible that conscious beings exist' (I assume you mean other conscious beings), many have found their inner experience makes the idea of God seem plausible.  The material world is much like God for me. Belief in both is not proved by sense-data but is a way of making sense of it and imposing some level of order.  There is never 'proof'. But we can demonstrate cause/effect.Whatever you mean by 'demonstrate', is this relevant to dOg's statement that there is no 'conclusive evidence' of God  As for 'concious' beings.. we have parameters that can indicate it.. and we can set up tests to see if those parameters are met.What parameters? How can we test them? Ultimately, I suspect that such measures must be based on assumption: I am conscious, I act in this way, these beings seem similar, they must be conscious, these things act in a similar way, they must be conscious too.... I have studied various materialist models of mind and found none of them convincing.
No, secularism is not about forcing behaviour. Under a secular the government neither forces people to believe, nor does it force them not to believe. It does not establish rules of worship, base itself on atheism or any religion.  In today's world, many morally relevent decisions must be made by governments, usually concerning science. They have to be about forcing behavior when there are only two choices. Embryonic stem cell research, animal and human cloning, marriage laws - the list is long - I suppose it could all be summed up in two words, ETHICAL STANDARDS. When does a secularist(who doesn't consider a God) and an atheist (who rejects a God) disagree on ethical standards?
So when you're doing math, you're an atheist? Of course not. Just because there is overlap doesn't mean that the two views are identical.   Can you name a difference between an atheist and a secularist concerning how they would filter knowledge, make decisions, establish values, and set priorities?   Let's say an event occurs that defies immediate explanation. An atheist would say, "I don't know right now how it happened, but it sure wasn't God!" A secularist would say, "I don't know right now how it happened."  An atheist might publicly declare that no god(s) exist(s), be it via books, debates, lectures, seminars, etc. A secularist would make no claims about the existence or nonexistence of any god(s).   But if a government action needed to be taken on this event, would there be a difference in what the atheist and secularist would expect of the government? If it was something scary to them (some natural event like global warming for example) would they expect something more from the government than a religious person, who believes God is in control?  An (abnormally radical) atheist might push for schoolchildren to acknowledge their lack of belief in any gods on a daily basis (say, looking at the American flag and holding their right hands over their hearts)... A secularist would demand that religion be left out of the classroom.   So they would both require that ethical standards questions that arise in science be left out of the classroom? Very similar.   This is where Occam's razor comes in. Perhaps you've heard of it?  Perhaps you're trying to change the subject? Occam's razor is about simplicity - the simplest theory fits the facts. The more complicated basic life forms have been discovered to be since Darwin, the less simple evolution becomes. It may become more simple to believe that there's something more to life, something beyond our natural realm.
Symbiote already pointed out the important fact that atheism is the lack of a belief in mythology dieties like the christian "God". It has nothing to do with "forcing".  However, aside from that, your reasoning is still suspect.  Marc, first, you are "forced" every day to do things that coincide with reality, and it's only ethical that you SHOULD be. You are forced to pay enormous penalities if you violate certain laws, up to even being killed as a result. You are forced to go on green, and stop on red. Forced to drive the right way on the street. Forced to pay debt, etc. Laws and the associated penalities are generally formed by, and enforced by, secular government, employing non-theistic reasoning. Nonsense like religion simply has no place in a reasonable government (let freee people worship whatever they like, but it's NOT ethical to put it into government).   Maybe we disagree on the percentages of decisions government makes concerning secularism, and things like morality and ethical standards. Or that you aren't as concerned about government decisions as I am as a Christian, because my belief is that humans aren't as perfect as a non Christian might think them to be.  For instance, regarding your claim that atheism claims man is the highest form of intelligence. That's incorrect, again, atheism is "without belief in mythological, nonsencial dieties and the like".   How can it be incorrect, if atheism can't point to a higher intelligence?  HOWEVER, any sane person acknowledges the simple fact that there is NO EVIDENCE of ANY life in the universe that is more intelligent than human beings. If you have some, please share (with CNN and the scientific community). If not, then your claims are simply of no consequence...just like saying a red headed demon just told me to type this. There's no evidence for it, it's either : A lie. A delusion. A joke. Take your pick. If some bobble-headed alien shows up one day and runs circles around our intellect, great, we have a new winner, and we proceed with the new alien as the most intelligent...that is if we are reasonable. The unreasonable might still suggest that their fantasy diety is still #1. Fat lotta good that does anyone (it's meaningless).  -Mach  I don't have scientific evidence, but scientific evidence isn't the only source of knowledge.
I did. In fact, you quoted it. Others on this thread have named differences as well.   Yes you did, but just barely. You equated a worldview with one unexplainable event. If a secularist didn't "know right now how it happened", it doesn't mean his mind was blank about trying to figure it out. A worldview is about much more than one reaction.  "Others on this thread"? You won't specify? How about this one;  A coin that says, "In God we trust" is theist. A coin that says nothing about God is secular. A coin that says, "There is no God" is atheist.   There is no atheist movement to have our coins say "there is no God". But there are attempts being made to have our coins say nothing about God, by atheists. Secularists may not be as militant about it as atheists, but they would agree.    I don't see how this is relevant. The government is supposed to be secular.   The Declaration of Independence says that men (humans) are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights. With no Creator, with accidental, random beginnings of life, man has no more unalienable rights than any plant or animal, unless he's granted those rights by other, more powerful men. (government) If the government grants them, the government can take them away. Our country's foundation is built upon unalienable rights. Interpretations of that foundation quickly separate depending on worldviews. There are no unalienable rights in atheism, and there are no unalienable rights in secularism.    Where the hell did this come from? Oh, wait, I know: you don't think ethics can exist without God.   Some can, but many cannot. Similar to that unalienable rights thing.   Coincidentally, just last week I went to a debate where Dan Barker from the Freedom from Religion Foundation wiped the floor with some liberal Christian on that very topic.   Yes, I just checked their site. Here are some of their "accomplishments".  Winning a lawsuit barring direct taxpayer subsidy of religious schools  Removing Ten Commandments monuments and crosses from public land  Halting the Post Office from issuing religious cancellations  Ending 51 years years of illegal bible instruction in public schools    Foundation complaints have:  Halted prayer at public institutions, and public financing of nativity pageants and Easter service  Stopped direct subsidy to religious schools  Stopped Job Corps trainees from being assigned to work on a Catholic shrine  Ended a 122-year abuse of commencement prayers at a Top Ten University  Declared unconstitutional the creation of a state post to "assist   When looking over their site, it's obvious they appeal to both atheists and secularists. Amazing huh?   If you'd like to try your hand, start a new thread; this one is for explaining the differences between atheism and secularism.   Ethical standards apply to this thread. I'm the one who started it, so I'm the best judge about what applys to it.   No, you brought up multiple interpretations, and I mentioned the guideline for dealing with multiple interpretations. The remainder of your response simply shows a significant misunderstanding of how Occam's razor works.  Occam's razor is nothing more than a concept like so much of what passes as "science" these days. Since it's secular, atheists worship it.
THere is a reason that the definition of atheism, secular, science, etc., have nothing to do with the things you mention like perfection, sin, good, etc. That's because they have nothing to do with them.   Today's science has plenty to do with ethics and morals, concerning things like stem cell researh, cloning, suicide "rights" - many medical proceedures.   I certainly don't, and I doubt any reasonable person, christian, atheist, or otherwise, things people are anything close to "perfect", either in abiding by all laws and moral codes, or in their physiology. Please don't think not religious = something other than simply, not religious. That's all it means, no belief in mythical stuff, that's all.   Then why has atheism recently become very organized? To "protect" themselves from over 200 years of U.S. tradition?  http://www.atheists.org/  Click that link, and page down through all the politics.     Marc, atheism has nothing to do with that. Atheism is "Without belief in dieties". That is all. End of incrimination :)  In reality, no one, including christians, can "point to a higher intelligence". But this is just common knowledge, it has nothing to do with secularism, atheism, or christianity, it's just reality.   "Atheism has nothing to do with that" emoticon_xdonno did the AA link just convince you otherwise? How about this one, another mainstream one;  http://www.religioustolerance.org/atheist.htm  See the eight quotations there. Numbers 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 are all from atheists. What about number 3? It's from a Christian! You'd think it would be from someone like Billy Graham, Jerry Fallwell, or Pat Robertson, wouldn't you? Why it's from George H.W. Bush, the father of our current REPUBLICAN president!!!! It says; "as presidental nominee of the Republican party".   How can you say that atheism and it's twin brother secularism, aren't political? Check out the "about atheism" link towards the bottom of the page. Page down there, and you'll see an invitation to "visit one of their sponsors". Who is it???? THE NEW YORK TIMES.   Not political?     I know you don't, and cannot, but that's not your fault, it's how reality works.  From where I come from the definition of science is this: The body of knoweldge that pertains to reality. The primary method for obtaining this knowledge is through the scientific method (observation, test hypothesis, debate, etc.)  When you suggest evidence isn't required, you are suggesting that we believe things on FAITH, which is religion, which is make-beleive, that's why it requires no evidence.   Like so many of the gaps that are faith filled for Darwinian evolution to work?  For example, if you agree that some knowledge can be obtained without evidence, I'll tell you a purple monkey named bingo is sitting on my shoulder talking to me.   No, you and him shared a common ancestor!! Take away the color, and take away the name, and you have scientific Darwinian evolution, don't you?   I have no evidence for it, it contradicts what is known in science, yet by your (bad) standard we could call that "knowledge"? I'd call it lying, or delusion, since that's what it is. Whatever it is, it's not part of reality, it's just a concept.   -Mach  Our everyday lives are filled with concepts.
 No, it is the scientists that are concerned with the ethics. Science itself is neutral to the subject.  Secular / atheist scientists have no objective basis for discerning right and wrong, so their so-called "ethics" are suspect right up front. They need to be scrutinized closely.   There are more atheists now, and they have to protect themselves against the prejudice of the religious reight. So, some atheists have decieded to organise and give themselves poltical clout. Mostly to protect themselves against Christians who want to force their religion down their throats via the use of government (which is against the constitution).  Oh you poor dears. I've seen just as many of your atheists, Christ-bashers, etc., who try to ram their anti-God agendas down people's throats as anyone else. They try to kick people of faith out of their science departments; belittle them, keep them from presenting information in science journals, etc. All people of faith want is equal access to present their scientific theories and evidences.
 Oh you poor dears. I've seen just as many of your atheists, Christ-bashers, etc., who try to ram their anti-God agendas down people's throats as anyone else. They try to kick people of faith out of their science departments; belittle them, keep them from presenting information in science journals, etc. All people of faith want is equal access to present their scientific theories and evidences.  The problem is many times these brainwashed people of faith do not have credible therories and evidences. If you base your scientific theory on the works of God you pretty much have to prove that God exists in order for Him to be a factor in your theory.
It is not 'christ' that is being bashed. It is the 'religious reigh" psuedo-christ that is being bashed.  Here's a thought . . .  Don't bash anyone at all. Just debate rather than constantly using this as a "I-hate-certain-Christians" forum.
When that certain christians act in a responsible manner, and don't lie, and promote their bigotry, and try to convert people by their proclamations to anybody that disagrees with the with "JESUS IS LORD', then I will consider it.  Until then, it is shere self defense.  Reaching the unbelievers with the Gospel is responsible, according to God's command in Matthew 28:18-19. And there's nothing bigoted about it.
When that certain christians act in a responsible manner, and don't lie, and promote their bigotry, and try to convert people by their proclamations to anybody that disagrees with the with "JESUS IS LORD', then I will consider it.  Until then, it is shere self defense.  Oh please . . . emoticon_rolleyes   It's funny reading the extent some of you will go to in order to justify your bigotry.
For your consideration, EZ...  Many Paths  As men approach me, so I receive them. All paths, Arjuna, lead to me. -- Hinduism, Bhagavad Gita 4.11  My Lord, you are one although variously appearing. -- Jainism, Hemachandra   We believe in God, and what has been revealed to us, and what was revealed to Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and in what was given to Moses, Jesus, and the Prophets from their land. We make no distinction between any of them, and to God do we submit. -- Islam, Qur'an 3.84  There are righteous men among the nations who have a share in the world to come. -- Judaism, Tosefta Sanhedrin  And Peter opened his mouth and said, "Truly I believe that God shows no partiality, but in every nation any one who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him. -- Christianity, Acts 10:34-35  Just as the sin-offering atones for Israel, so righteousness atones for the peoples of the world. -- Judaism, Talmud  Tolerance  To be attached to a certain view and to look down upon other views as inferior - this the wise men call a fetter. -- Buddhism, Sutta Nipata  Like the bee, gathering honey from different flowers, the wise man accepts the essence of different scriptures and sees only the good in all religions. -- Hinduism, Srimad Bhagavatam  A man has a faith. If he says "This is my faith", so far he maintains truth. But by that he cannot proceed to the absolute conclusion: "This alone is truth and everything else is false". -- Buddhism, Majjhima Nikaya  ONE PATH, JESUS (JOHN 14:6, ACTS 4:12, ETC. DO IT BEFORE YOU LEAVE EARTH!
No, I gave a perfectly valid example that shows why atheism is not the same as secularism.   One event doesn't establish the complexity of worldviews.   Some theists might agree with the reasoning behind those attempts. Does that mean that theism and atheism are the same? Of course not. (This goes back to the overlap issue, which you apparently cannot grasp.) doG's statements, however valid, do not make your analogy hold.   Very few, most of them 'pretend' theists. I've heard that there are a few atheists who financially support Christian music radio. But those are both examples that are so minuscule that they have no bearing on societal trends.   The Declaration of Independence has absolutely no legal authority whatsoever.   It came first - it was the inspiration for documents that do. If atheists and secularists claim that some rights are unalienable, they can't be AS unalienable as rights that came from a higher source. It shows how atheists and secularists would interpret the constitution in a similar way, differing from Deism and Judeo Christianity.   I think this might be for another thread. However, it would be good if you could support the bare assertion a bit before it gets approached here or in another thread.   You only wish it belonged in another thread, because it so clearly shows how atheists and secularists wouldviews would harmonize, yet differ so starkly from the religion that is prominent in the U.S.   I don't think that assertion needs support - it's obvious to just about anyone who doesn't have a tightly closed mind.   You also should stop presenting evolutionary theory inaccurately, but I suppose there's no hope of that.   No there's not - atheists and secularists aren't the only ones permitted to present evolutionary theory.   Is it your position that an atheistic society would grant no rights to anybody? See also above.   "ANYBODY" is an emotional, strong word. It's my position that it would grant fewer rights than the U.S. constitution intends to grant. World history and current events pretty well prove it.   Start here, first on the morality list. I'll save the trump for later.   Is there some point in this comment, or . . . ?   Yes there is. Atheists and secularists both seem to embrace FREETHOUGHT. How would one think more freely than the other? Would an atheist think less freely than a secularist? If so why? Would a "strong" atheist think less freely than a "weak" atheist? Wouldn't there be a bigger difference in the worldview of a strong atheist vs a weak atheist, as opposed to the difference between an average, middle of the road atheist and a secularist? (I guess there couldn't be a "strong" or "weak" secularist - there couldn't be variations in intensity for drawing a blank)    It's evident that you didn't look over their site very well, otherwise you would have seen the link I provided above and not made the comment you did.   I did see your link, I'm glad you posted it. I made the comment because of the word freethought. Atheists and secularists are in lockstep on it.   Ethics is a recognized subcategory of philosophy, so one could argue that discussion of ethics belongs in the philosophy forum. Nevertheless, we'll at least start the ethics conversation here.   And philosophy is related to worldviews, like the humanist worldview from the first post. The philosophy of atheists and secularists seems to be very similar, according to American Atheists, religioustolerance, and Freedom from religion foundation, and last but not least, the Humanist Manifesto.   The same way atheists worship their televisions, ovens, kitchen sinks, vehicles, etc., because all those things are secular?   No - Occam's razor is a philosophy, a concept, a way to think. Televisions, ovens, etc. are not.
You keep missing the boat. Neither religion nor science are good sources of ethics. Ethics should be freely discussed and considered in a society, that is, people discuss ethics with people. Labeling the source of the ethics is irrelevant. That's like saying if bob made a flag and jim made a flag, and the flags were identical, that bob's was better because bob made it...  It's relevent to this thread. Ethics, philosophy, worldviews - how they are so similar between atheists and secularists.     You don't get it. Tradition, irrelevant. Bush being an as*clown, irrelevant. Bush lying to you and the american people, irrelvant. Atheism is a term that means "non-theist", or plainly "without belief in any diety". Your love of unethical, evil people, is irrelevant to this.    This still looks as if you aren't comprehending the simple fact that "atheism" is a label for certain people who lack certain beliefs. Whether some or all of them participate in the political system in a free democratic society, is still, you guessed it, irrelevant.   Atheists lack certain beliefs - secularists lack certain beliefs in a very similar way. The point of this thread. Your hatred of Bush - your anger at me - your embarrassment, irrelevent.
Yes. The US Constitution is secularist, but it's not atheistic.  That is largely my point. The US Constitution was written before Darwinism, the ACLU, politized science, American Atheists, religioustolerance, and Humanist Manifestos. It was possible for one of the framers of the Constitution to proclaim a national Thanksgiving day with no violation (at that time) of what the Constitution said. The above mentioned groups have succeeding in blending atheism and secularism so that would be no longer possible today.
I'll skip the rest of your XXXX, even though I'd love to roast it. We'll keep this thread on this topic, and you can get roasted on the topic of your choice in a different thread. This is just getting old.   You'll "skip" it, it's just "getting old" now? Only a few posts ago you said you had another "trump" for me. emoticon_confused    Many Deists are freethinkers too.  P1: Some atheists are freethinkers. P2: Some secularists are freethinkers. P3: Freethinking binds atheists and secularists. P4: Some Deists are freethinkers. C1: Freethinking binds atheists, secularists, and Deists. (P3, P4)  C2: Some Deists are secularists. (C1) P5: All Deists are theists. C3: Some secularists are theists. (C2, P5) P6: Secularists are atheists. (marc's assertion) C4: Some atheists are theists. (C3, P6)   Is this your trump? Looks like gibberish to me.   In your zeal to clump atheism and secularism, you've unwittingly included Deism. Then again, in your fantasy world, maybe some atheists can be theists...  There was nothing unwitting about it. Deism doesn't belive God is in control -secularists aren't convinced that he exists, so their worldviews could be similar. If a Deist of today went to today's science classes, read what the American Atheists, religioustolerance, and Humanist Manifesto's had to say, he could probably be politically swayed much the same way that today's secularist would.
Yes, they are similar, in that (hopefully) attribute ethics and worldviews, to individual choice, which could be identical to yours, or exactly opposite, it's a CHOICE. You see what I (and others posting) are getting at?   A choice that's blended together with the contents of things like the Humanist Manifesto.     Closer. Atheists by definition lack belief in gods and godesses. That is all. Secularist is wanting religion to be seperate from government. (you know, like part of the foundation of America)   "Secularist wanting religion to be separate from government" - that's even what the dictionary says about it. It didn't mean that 200 years ago, if it did, there would be no Thanksgiving day. The meaning of the word has changed in 200 years. It is not unusual for a word to change meanings over that period of time. Who inspired the change for this one? Darwinism? Politized science? The ACLU? Organized atheism? If you said a subtle conbination of them all over a long period of time, go to the head of the class.  Bush supports religion IN government, he is anti-secularist, and anti-atheist. Bush senior was even quoted as saying :  "No, I don't know that atheists should be considered as citizens, nor should they be considered patriots. This is one nation under God."  --George Herbert Walker Bush, Former U. S. President, 1988.  I don't agree with it, and I think it's been exagerated / taken out of context.  I see comments like that as entirely evil, and unethical. It's both contrary to the principles of a free democracy, our free democracy, and is founded on ignorance (there is no gods and godesses and santa claus, or easter bunny). You are right, if you suggest that persecution, theocracy, and anti-freedom are acceptable, I'll be ticked...and I'd pity those that aren't.  -Mach  It's not honest for that website to imply that that phrase represents all of the religion of U.S. tradition.
Yes there would. Thanksgiving was declared a holiday before the Bill Of Rights was added to the Constitution and the Bill Of Rights was not retroactive.  Sorry.  William Rehnquist On the day after the House of Representatives voted to adopt the form of the First Amendment Religion Clauses which was ultimately proposed and ratified, Representative Elias Boudinot proposed a resolution asking President George Washington to issue a Thanksgiving Day Proclamation. Boudinot said he "could not think of letting the session pass over without offering an opportunity to all the citizens of the United States of joining with one voice, in returning to Almighty God their sincere thanks for the many blessings he had poured down upon them.   http://www.belcherfoundation.org/wallace_v_jaffree_dissent.htm
it's rather rude not to
why worship god?  why not?  I worship God because without him I would not be, I would have no existance, I worship god and praise his name for the life he has given me, for the lives of my family and my friends, I worship him for giving me the world I live in, the trees, the rivers, the oceans, the sun and the moon, the air I breath and I thank him for giving us the inteligence to use his creation for the good of his creation and I pray that those who use the inteligence he has given to us for ill will repent and embrace the love of all these things and see the glory and majesty of God in a human beings, in animals, in trees and in themselves.
worship is only pure undiluted love, of course God wants us to love him, if you love your wife, wouldnt you want her to love too?
Why worship god?  Please! No scripture.  emoticon_xangel  Upon what basis would discussion be acceptable if not scripture? If we are to debat the topic, what sources for informational purposes do you consider as "authoritative"?  EF
You own words and feelings, not the empty words of a dusty book taken out of context.  What if my own words and feeling sound just like that dusty book? What if I happen to agree with it? What if I take it in context? Actually one would be hard pressed to show where I have ever taken it out of context.  If I say that I worship Him because he is powerful, beautiful and has loved me greatly, does that mean you now get to argue those points and say he is not any of those. I would say you do not get to argue my assumptions about God as they are mine. YOu may argue my conclusions based on my assumptions but you could not argue my assumptions, nor I yours.   Is that a fair statement of how to answer the question?
Slight change of subject; Assuming you have a reasonably civil relationship with your mother, (You phone once in a blue moon, buy a birthday card if you can remember) you don't usually invite people on the street to send her flowers. Why proseltyse? (don't know if that's spelt right)  To extend your analogy, it's more like if you send your mother flowers, phone her regularly, but your brother hasn't been in contact with her in years, won't reply to letters or calls. Wouldn't you try and patch things up?
Well, if they are your own words,.. then it means at least have verbalised it from your self, rather than repeat like a parrot.  Then from this, you doubt me before I speak. You assume I am only going to parrot. At what point do you trust that what I tell you comes from my heart?  EF
At the point that you use your OWN words, rather than quoting from an ancient book. When you talk with your feelings, and not just repeat what someone else wrote down. When you use your BRAIN to tell your beliefs, and not repeat verbatium some book.   Of course, if you are unable to use the brain that God gave you, don't worry, I am sure god might forgive you anyway.  This is the problem. I have already done what you ask and you still say that I am "brainwashed" or just quoting the bible etc. The problem does not lie within me but within you. Either accept what I say is true or don't. But be honest that it is YOUR belief.  If you really can accept what I say as coming from me then here is my reason for worshipping God. Because only He is capable of TRULY loving another and He has loved me when I did not deserve it. He has lived the life I should have lived and died the death I should have died. Now all of those are MY beliefs and are in my own words. They are Excellent reasons for worshipping and in fact, I would say worship for any other reasons means one is looking for something far to small to be of any use.  EF
Ah, but your one set of words conflects with another set of your words.  Contradictions.  You proclam love. You talk about damnation. You talk about love, but you show bigotry by say 'Christians are "completed" jews.  Where have I done thus? I have not and will not. I talk about love because love is. If you say who is going to hell? then you must accept that the one who created those rules is the one who determines what rules are good. He is the one who does not desire you to go there, and in fact made it so ludicrously simple for you to not go there. He could have made it unbelilevably complicated as it may look in all the kosher laws etc, but he says very simply, "my son has done all that is needed, accept the gift of eternal life that I offer."   There is nothing concerning bigotry or damnation in that. There is purely love.   I never said that christians are completed jews. You took that to be what I have meant. That is your problem not mine. You really do need to learn to quit reading into what I say and take it as written. I did say christians are complete with God. No one else is complete without him, because we are all made with a need for him. I have said that Jesus completed the law. He perfected it because he was perfect.  There is no bigotry in that. I defy you to show me where I have displayed bigotry. You are the one displaying bigotry by accusing every christian of heinous things for simply being christian. I do not accuse jews of anything. I accuse YOU of a few things because YOU do them. I do not accuse a people. EVER!  Your logic once again has failed you.   EF
A rational mind.  Very well, then which rational mind is acceptable for debate?  EF
Why not just make the assumption that god is assumed to exist here and get on with it.  I don't think any body could argue the point with you.  I think what you miss, is that disallow something such as the bible which is central to christianity is to disallow the torah or to disallow the koran or even to disallow L Ron Hubbard.  You have not been on this site long. I have gotten very used to the "baiting" that goes on. In order for debate to ensue (as adept is trying to point out) the debaters must be able to agree on some authoritative objective standard. Without it, then debate devolves into "I'm right" "No, I am right" fit pitching.  When one wants to refernce God and not allow reference to anything religious you necessarily remove the reference to God. It is just somewhat silly.   The problem we run into, is that atheists want to be able to argue questions about God, in particular the christian god, and to make statemtents about his nature from their own thinking and they want their own thinking to be authoritative. BUt when I or others want OUR thinking to be authoritative, that is not allowed.  What is good for the goose is good for the gander. If Atheists want the rational thinking man to be able to say what he wants, then I as a rational thinking man who wants to say things that happen to also be in scripture should be afforded that opportunity.  Basically, what is being requested is a monologue from one side of the subject and not a debate.   EF
Why worship god?  Please! No scripture.  emoticon_xangel A longing in my heart and mind to be complete...that no human can satisfy... no matter how much I love them.  The powerful feeling that I am more than the sum of my parts. The idea/feeling/intuition that I am an embodied spirit, not just a body.  The recognition that this planet and all things in it are a grand display of beauty and wonder.  A thirst for justice...for wrongs in this world that will never be made right, to be made right somehow, somewhere, at sometime...experiencing good and evil and the hope and assurance that good will finally prevail.  A need for perfection. The hope that one day all of the little things and big things in my life that I could not finish, organize, figure out, or repair will be made perfect.   The edifying example of kindness that I cannot explain via the dry ideology of survival of the fittest, big bang, pure evolution, random chance of molecular encounters.  A reciprocal love and thankfulness to the entity who has created me.  A respect, duty, and trust of those who have come before me.  To state it simply, it's an optimism.  My heart is restless, until it rests in You, O Lord. St. Augustine
why not worship God?
You may be making some incorrect assumptions here.  I would say that we understand what we are talking about well enough not to need to continuously refer to some book.  As someone said before:  Do you reference your drivers ed textbook while your driving your car?  The issue is that this is a debate and not just a discussion. If we are to debate then there must be some agreed upon authorities. If we are all just to state our opinion and no one is right or wrong, then what is the point in debating?
Your position can not be supported by fact it requires faith.  I find it hard to believe you would bring this up.  Are you asking us to have faith that an antiquated book of myth is some kind of authority?  You would do as well to ask us to believe in a Spiderman comic book.  Seams a little ironic.  You are close in your argument here but you go a bit far afield. You could legitimately say that I cannot prove my position by the facts. That it is unprovable and therefore requires faith. That I would grant. HOwever, I can support my position by the facts. I cannot prove it but there is evidence to support it.  As for this antiquated book, its reliability and validity have more significance than any other documents in history. Scientific American in its June 2006 issue claims that there are more extant documents of biblical writings than any other documents. It goes on to relate that the new testament documents are more closely related in time to their events than any other event of a similar age.   The fact is that there are no original documents for any event that occured during that time. All of the documents are copies of copies of copies etc. What determines their value is the number of documents, and their relation in time to the events they describe. If you compare biblical documents to secular documents describing events of a similar time period, there are vastly more copies of the biblical documents (by over an order of magnitude more) and they are related closer in time by hundreds of years more than other documents describing similar events.  There are secular writings which validate and corroborate those things as well (documents of Pliny the younger for one) etc.  From an objective standpoint the number and time of biblical documents provide a more reliable look at the past than any other documents.  That being said, if one is talking about GOD then one would naturally have to relate to documents that describe GOD. Those tend to be scriptural. There are few that describe god (regardless of religion) that are consider secular. Hmmmmmmmmm, I wonder why.   Lets be reasonable. The question clearly relates to a religious idea. It is only fair that one discuss such things and debate such things using the data available.   To say why worship god and use no scripture is the same as why watch baseball but don't use any information about baseball.  Lets be real about this question.  EF
Perhaps the posters real intention was to encourage these very discussions.  Maybe he was just fishing, in any case it's turned out to be very interesting.  Quite possibly.  I just find it interesting that others try to enforce the limitation and do not want to discuss.  EF
Upon what basis would discussion be acceptable if not scripture? If we are to debat the topic, what sources for informational purposes do you consider as "authoritative"?  To me, part of the point of the "please, no scripture" comment would be to forgo any insistence that we worship God just because the bible says to.  A person could insist that sons pay some form of homage / respect to their father on Father's Fay, but I would argue that it's not reasonable to do so in every case. For example, if the father was physically or sexually abusive, or the father abandoned his children, those would be reasons to fore-go any Father's Day formalities.  And "God" could be viewed as the absent father. Suppose we assume that he created the earth and life on the earth. What's his involvement been since then?  Should we worship him just because he's God? Or, depending upon how one sees God, is God a being unworthy of worship and idolization? And along those lines, utilizing the Bible as a reference could be a double-edged sword. The "God" of the Old Testament ordered slavery, misogyny, genocide, women as spoils of war, ...
To me, part of the point of the "please, no scripture" comment would be to forgo any insistence that we worship God just because the bible says to.  A person could insist that sons pay some form of homage / respect to their father on Father's Fay, but I would argue that it's not reasonable to do so in every case. For example, if the father was physically or sexually abusive, or the father abandoned his children, those would be reasons to fore-go any Father's Day formalities.  And "God" could be viewed as the absent father. Suppose we assume that he created the earth and life on the earth. What's his involvement been since then?  Should we worship him just because he's God? Or, depending upon how one sees God, is God a being unworthy of worship and idolization? And along those lines, utilizing the Bible as a reference could be a double-edged sword. The "God" of the Old Testament ordered slavery, misogyny, genocide, women as spoils of war, ...  I have yet to state that you should worship GOd because the bible says so.  I would say that the bible says these are the characteristics of God and therefore they are reasons one should worship.   Descriptions of GOd (which are the reasons for worship, which answer the question) are located only in "scripture". Where else would you get an objective debatable description and reason for worship? If you say from my own mind, then I get to make it up and you cannot argue with it because it is mine and not yours. Therefore not debatable.   You assume too much in assuming that people will simply say "because the bible says so." I have not seen anyone actually say that as a part of debate.   The reasons to worship are not because anything says we SHOULD, but come rather from the characteristics of God.  EF
To be honest with you I don't really know where I stand on it.  I haven't really thought about it.   Some times you just gotta bash it and see what fly's off!  And I'm still examining the pieces.  Nothing wrong with not knowing where you stand. Take the time to examine it logically and objectively. I and you and some others have offered reasonable arguments for and against.   Thanks for looking at it.  EF
MOst everyone knows my stance on this?  Based on your your experience what do you think God is like. Do not base it on what others say about God or on what the bible says or the Koran or ... you get the point.  Base it strictly on your own life experiences. I know you may not think God exists or you believe for sure he does not. But given your life, what you remember of it, what would you say that means about who God is.  Thanks, and just so everyone knows, I will not argue with your experiences but I may argue with your conclusions drawn if they are illogical or to challenge you to think of other possibilities. Please do the same for me. I will post on my own experience later.  EF
God is unknowable.
We can only conceive of god in very rudimentary primitive concepts because of our immature and very limited intellect.
We can only conceive of god in very rudimentary primitive concepts because of our immature and very limited intellect. A good starting point is to get educated and be done with it....
A good starting point is to get educated and be done with it....  I will if you do.
Yes, After getting educated, we can realise that 'GOD' as we view it is just the anthromorphising of our hopes and fears. You cussin' me, boy?
Primitive and immature as compared to what or whom?  Do you think humans have the pinnacle of processing power and reason in our brain for the entire universe? (aside from god)
You cussin' me, boy?  If he don't I will, oh great and pompous orn.  orn rhymes with porn.  lol
I will if you do. Beating a dead horse there, Doc...  I think everybody needs to understand that we're all the same, just have different beliefs. No wonder religion slips in the back door of some of you folks...and carries off what you'd never expect.
If he don't I will, oh great and pompous orn. Get after it. Lotta good it'll do, though.  And "pompous"? Here's one fer ya, "Knowest what thou talkest about before inserting thy foot in thy mouth..."
Get after it. Lotta good it'll do, though.  And "pompous"? Here's one fer ya, "Knowest what thou talkest about before inserting thy foot in thy mouth..."  Teach me oh expert on foot in mouth, teach me!
Teach me oh expert on foot in mouth, teach me! You're a funny, guy/gal, Doc...  Are you going to listen or will you be just sitting there, picking your nose?
As long as you don't start pasten scripture, you'll have my undivided attention.
Well, do you want to be 'cussed'?? would it make you feel better?  I don't think he can cut it.  He ran away promptly when I talked to him.
I don't think he can cut it.  He ran away promptly when I talked to him. Cut what?  You seem to have all the smartarse answers, Doc...why not try something new and try to come across a little more civilized?
Well, do you want to be 'cussed'?? would it make you feel better? Yeah. Can you make it a blue streak? It's been awhile.
Cut what?  You seem to have all the smartarse answers, Doc...why not try something new and try to come across a little more civilized?  You are right.  I am sorry and shall endeavor to do better in the future.  emoticon_xangel
You are right.  I am sorry and shall endeavor to do better in the future.  emoticon_xangel I'm gonna write that down....emoticon_xhoho
I'm gonna write that down....emoticon_xhoho  I am eager to begin learning!
Funny, he reminds me of someone recently departed. His manners were monstrous as well. emoticon_xgood emoticon_ic   Ya reckon?
Funny, he reminds me of someone recently departed. His manners were monstrous as well.  Do you know something about his murder?
  However, there is one thing that the prominent religions have in common that I think they may have right if 'he/she/it' does exist, and that is the idea of omnipresence. To put it simply, if there is a Godlike entity I think it is probably the universe. This is pure conjecture, but I believe the universe could be a conscious entity. Why not?   It would not have thought processes that we as humans could in any way relate to, and given the predictability of physical phenomena according to the laws we have discovered it would not seem to be able to will anything to happen, but it could still have a sense of itself and an awareness of everything within it.  This inability of humans to understand this hypothetical consciousness is why I cannot subscribe to a religion; if 'he/she/it' does exist there is no way any human could possibly understand it, relate to it, communicate with it, or even know that it exists. I doubt very much that it, if it exists, would have any interest in individual human beings; it would see us as purely an extension of the matter that makes up the planet, after all that is essentially what we are.    To bring us back to the topic, I have some questions:  In the first paragraph above, don't you think that omnipresence might imply eternality at least if not omniscience?  In the second paragraph, just because something is beyond us, do you not think we can relate to it at least in a rudimentary fashion if not in a perfected (complete) fashion?  In the third paragraph, What leads you to believe that it would see us as an extension of the planet since we are indeed distinct and separate from the planet (after all we are able to orbit the planet and even leave it all together)?  EF
He? You'd think you'd know that about one of your own [sic]patents.  Well of course I do!  I was just wondering if you had recent news?  I didn't intend to make you uncomfortable.  emoticon_xangel
There is no evidence otherwise. Are you some sort of Trekkie? No I am a theoretical cosmologist.  It's incredibly unlikely we are the pinnacle of intelligence in the universe.  The odds are astronomical.
Boy I been cussin em, tell ya what.
IF God really exist what must da bitch be like? A BINKY! ( emoticon_xkillemoticon_xangel )  religious people are so insecure
Start Snitchin'  Do you know something about the Monster murder that your not telling us?
OK...first up excuse me if what I say makes no sense as I have never tried to really formulate my thoughts on this...  First up: omnipresence/omniscience/eternality:  I'm not sure omnipresence is the definitive word to use because it implies that there is something 'other' than is 'present' everywhere, alongside or behind every point in the universe. My POV is that 'God' literally is the universe, every particle, every wave, every field.  This certainly implies awareness of everything within the universe and all past events, but if you include knowledge of future events in the term 'omniscience' I am not so sure; time is another dimension like the spatial dimensions but it is very different in terms of what happens when you 'travel' along it compared to travelling through space, so I have never been able to view 4D spacetime as literally 4 equivalent dimensions; it is 3 space dimensions plus time. With this in mind, I am not sure that even a universal (ie space-transcending) consciousness would also transcend time.  As for eternality, this hypothetical consciousness would only exist as long as the universe exists, and we all know the problems with that little tangle...    Hmmm.... I think maybe it's possible to have a brief, fragmentary awareness of a higher order, a glimpse of something that is just too vast for the human brain to rationalise, but definitely not in terms of (for example) recieving ten commandments on a mountain, or a woman being impregnated with divine offspring, etc.  It's possible that our brains could work like recievers, picking up fragments of the universal consciousness but if that is the case I think it is more likely to lead to madness than enlightenment!  I said I have had no experience of 'God' but I have had (and some will scoff I know) bizarre, spiritual experiences on LSD and mushrooms, which I have only done a few times (before I get accused of being a spaced-out hippie!). The only way I can describe the experience is as a realisation that everything, all matter and energy, is connected in a fundamental way, and more than realising it you actually experience it, you experience being part of something all-encompassing, and once you are a part you are also the whole in its entirety. You lose all sense of self, and gain a new sense of something akin to omnipresence. Of course this may just be a hallucination entirely confined to the brain but it feels so real at the time that it's hard to know.    This is a toughie. Let me think about it and I'll get back to you...  I like your thinking, although I disagree with it. You say that God is the universe. I propose that God is relational. That without a relational god we are truly hopeless. The problem you are running into is that you are trying to imagine god existing within the framework of creation (universe etc.) and tying his existence to that. NOw I am going to say something that will really not make sense to you. God existed BEFORE time. Chew on that one a bit. Eternality implies an existence outside of time. And in fact, much of science alludes to this possibility. I certainly could never prove it and do not propose to but would like it if you would consider the implications.  As for God communicating to us, there is nothing that prevents that. Especially if you accept the idea that we are imago dei, image bearers of the divine. We are not perfect images but we are rational, emotional, spiritual, beings  EF
Can you explain spiritual beings?  I honestly don't know what that means.  I guess, I would say that we have a spirit. Our physicality is not the whole of our existence. Some psychologists have declared it as "upward emergent causality". A sort of "the whole is greater than the sum of its parts" kind of thing.  Defining spirit is difficult at best. From our perspectives it is not directly observable.
"Before time"? Does that phrase have any meanng? That is sort of like saying something is north of the north pole. It is symantically meaningless.   To three dimensional beings bound by time, it probably does not have meaning, at least not direct meaning. However, the concept can be imagined by humans and for God who exists in eternity it would make perfect sense.  I am certain now that you will attempt to argue the same tired points and before you do, please don't as I won't be responding to you. I am enjoying the debate with fresh thinkers.  EF
It's not indirectly observable either. It requires inference which puts us back at presuppositions.   I think it has no meaning and no reality. A gooey term overused by the self-righteous, be they traditional religious types or hippie new-agers.  essentially a non argument. NO logical support nor evidentiary support.
It's not the substance of my argument but its spirit that counts.emoticon_xangel   Logic does not support the existence of spirits and evidence of non-existence is not required when none for existence is offered.  The question assumes the existence of God. No evidence is needed.  EF
I guess, I would say that we have a spirit. Our physicality is not the whole of our existence. Some psychologists have declared it as "upward emergent causality". A sort of "the whole is greater than the sum of its parts" kind of thing.  Defining spirit is difficult at best. From our perspectives it is not directly observable. Do you see the mind and spirit as being two separate things or one thing?
As for the rest of you I have a bet.  If I can't guess your weight (lets say to with in an ounce) I will publicly apologize to every religious person I have ever insulted in the forum.  Any takers?
Go ahead, I bet you'll never guess.  I don't recall you ever insulting anyone, however. Perhaps it was in another life...  Your weight is zero.  Your weight immediately before your death will be the same as it is immediately after, but YOU will no longer be there.  You are weightless.
I imagine God as an all-powerful omniscient being.  And as such I imagine him being cold, vengeful, egotistical and distant. More like a petulant child with a magnifying glass burning ants, than a loving father caring for his children.
That's exactly correct! How did you know? I used to weigh a few milligrams more, but I have been watching my weight. Now I'm down to a very svelte zero - can't wait to sport those Speedos this summer!  I guess you don't need to make any public apologies now. Thank god!
I was addressing your claim that we have a spirit.  Whoops. Sorry about that. I guess my evidence for it would be the emergent downward causality (as opposed to upward mentioned earlier, my error,m I was thinking about other things at the time). It is the concept that we are more than the sum of our parts.  I can give biblical references but those would not likely be accepted.   My question to answer the question would be "What is the purpose of an imagination?"  EF
Back to the only debate in this thread so far...    Why? I have heard variations on this many times and it utterly baffles me. Why do you feel we need a divine being who is interested in us, personally and collectively, for us to have any 'hope'? Hope, for me, as in hope for humanity, comes from what I see around me as being the positive qualities that we have as a race.  I cannot believe that a universal consciousness would care (in terms of what we humans think of as caring) about what happens to us in the long run, because the long run is either heat death or big crunch. If we are still around in this unimaginably distant future we may well have developed means to avoid the same fate as the universe, but if we don't, or if we die out before that, then that's that. End of story.  This is kind of tied in to the question I had trouble answering before, the answer to which I am still having problems defining: If God is the universe, he/she/it is also every one of us, every particle as I said before. If you look at the history of the planet in terms of particles, it's all just one dynamic system, the rocks, the oceans, the atmosphere, and the biosphere as well. The plants and creatures on this planet are made of atoms that used to be part of the rocks, oceans, and atmosphere. From this singular perspective there is no distinction between the living and the non-living parts of the planet; it's one colossal biochemical reaction.  I will concede that it is possible that this 'God' entity might be aware of our own consciousness, because according to my own logic the entity also is the matter that constitutes our brains, and it is certainly the case that many people believe God has spoken to them. Some of these people are treated as having had religious experiences, some are treated as having lost their sanity.   However this in no way leads me to contemplate the idea that the Bible, Koran, Hindu Vedas etc are any more revelatory truths than are the Greek Myths or the Aboriginal Dreamtime; these are human constructs. Some of the individuals mentioned in these various texts may have had 'divine' experiences (or may have been insane {same difference}) but it does not logically follow that any of these texts have any special significance, either compared with one another or even if accepted equally or on their own merit.    But I don't see a problem. I do see a problem with proposing that God is something 'other', something special. I have a brain, which is a real physical object. I also have a mind, which is an abstract thing the true nature of which cannot yet be ascertained, but I do not believe that it is the result of anything other than the fantastical complexity of the brain. If the physical structure of the universe is equivalent to a brain, then 'God' is the mind, but he/she/it is only a product of the universe's fantastical complexity, and not the creator.    Given my last paragraph it should be clear why I don't agree with this. I also am not aware of any theories that imply any kind of extratemporal phenomena, only speculations as to what (if anything) may have happened before the Big Bang. If anything did (eg previous Big Crunch) that is not outside time, that is only time that is inaccessible to us in terms of observation.     Nothing that prevents it communicating in theory, but I have covered the communication aspect already in this post.   The idea that we are 'image bearers of the divine' comes purely from human religions, and has no concrete basis. The atoms in my body were created by nuclear fusion in the centres of stars that exploded billions of years ago. Rather than being imago dei, we are stardust. I find that idea far more grandiose and appealing than divine providence.  I'm sure you'll have more questions!  Anyone else got more than a trite one-liner on their idea of God (or whatever you think he/she/it is)?  You pose some intersting ideas here. Given all of it, then the question I run into, is "what is my purpose". The idea that I am simply an accidental collection of particles provides meaninglessness to life and thereby leads to hopelessness. To state that there is a purpose to life implies that there is something that exists beyond myself that gives purpose.  One could easily say that most depressed people see life as having no meaning. Most happy people have discovered meaning that is beyond themselves. It is one of the reasons why we tell stories. It is not simply to communicate and thereby increase our survival. Which, it does to a degree, but the stories themselves show a desire in humans for purpose.  EF
This is your thread.  As far as I can see, you didn't say 'No scripture please'.  It is not the prohibition that I reference but rather the wish to avoid a side topic of whether or not that specific scripture is valid or reliable etc. It is not the point I wish to debate and would be a rabbit trail. I simply want to stay on topic.  EF
No worries, mate. You know I appreciate your posts more than most of your brethren.emoticon_xhoho   I'm not sure what imagination has to do with it but your question is interesting. Let me stew a while.emoticon_xgood  I look forward to your thoughts.  EF
 I will never understand this line of thinking. Concluding that life is meaningless and hopeless because it is not created or guided by a supernatural being is completely illogical to my mind. IMHO, "what is my purpose?" is a false question.   Firstly, why does one's life require a purpose? Cannot simply living and enjoying every moment of being alive be reason enough? Do you live your life for an end goal (God), or for the enjoyment of living and the people and the world around you? To reword the old saying, is life about the destination, or the journey?  Secondly, why does life being "random particles" prevent a person from having a purpose? Your purpose is whatever you would like it to be. Ultimately, our purpose is to perpetuate life and the species, hopefully making the natural world in which we live a better place along the way.  Why does "random particles" make life meaningless? Given Liminus', and my, interpretation of "god", we as humans are part of an amazing natural world, a random (semi-random) mix of particles that have come together to give us life and the gift of the world around us. That's not meaningless, it's incredible. We're part of an unimaginably old and incredibly complex chain of reactions, and those reactions of which we were briefly a part of, will continue to go on for eons. You and I are part of that natural world.   IMHO, if you believe life is meaningless and hopeless, it is a conscious choice, and the problem lies within you, not in the need for a supernatural God. There's a world around you full of hope, and full of the need to have people contribute to it, you only have to choose to do so, for your own sake. No outside motivation should be required.  Waxy  I think the point I was trying to make is that all humans long to be a part of something greater than themselves. It is what I was trying to communicate with why we tell stories. Why do some aspire to greater things than others? Why do we even contemplate the spiritual at all. Why are we emotional, why do we need love, why do we need other people. There are many many questions that compose the purpose question.   Even you cannot get away from it. You say you don't need a God but you still indicate that purpose comes from inside yourself, your choice, you admit the need for purpose.  Why does it need to be external is your real question. I submit, that the idea that we live 80 years within this current cosmic reality and that everything then just stops, lends itself to a lack of purpose.  Also you did not address the issue of depression. Check the statistics from NIMH and you will see that the number one and two reasons for it are a lack of purpose and lack of control. Control just adds to the debate. We don't need to control if we feel that our need for purpose is being met.  The APA has a great article on this. I was trying to paste the link but having a devil of a time with my computer. I will try to post again later.  EF
Simple answer - because we have evolved a conscious mind that greatly increases our chance of survival.   Many of the qualities you list are not unique to humans, they are common in the natural world. Why do wolves travel in packs? Why so some wolves aspire to be the alpha male, while others are content with subservient roles?   Emotions, love, the need for others, even the spiritual, are all evolved conscious mechanisms by which humans greatly increase their strength and chance of survival as a species. I don't view them as being separate or distinct from simple functions like eating and sleeping.   Te purpose of all of these things is simple, to survive and perpetuate the species.    I don't admit the need for a purpose, especially an "ultimate" or "universal" purpose. Living to enjoy life is all that's required. Enjoying life often means having some goals, a job, your family, etc... If that is what you consider a "purpose", then I guess I would agree that we often need a puprose.  Purpose is an abstract human construct, it's certainly not required to live.     Perhaps it is. On an individual level moreso than on a large scale or species level. I question the need for an individual to look beyond themselves and the world around them to provide meaning to their lives. Why is the supernatural better than the natural?  Why though? I laid out the ground work of why I believe your assertion is false, but you haven't provided any support for it.    I know very little about depression. I'm not one to sit around and feel sorry for myself. I've known very few people in my life that I would consider depressed, and those that are tend to annoy me, I have little time for them. The world is what you make it.  IMHO, depression is either a chemical imbalance, or is a conscious choice, a state of mind that can be overcome.  If people are depressed because they don't have a purpose, then they should simply look at the world around them and realize what they're missing, what they're a part of, and what they could be doing. Same thing goes for control, it's a matter of your chosen perception. If you don't feel you have control, step up and take control.  At any rate, I'm not sure what the point of the depression discussion is to be quite honest.   Waxy  Those are all good answers and distinct possibilities. However, they are as unprovable as my options. I think there is evidence to support your position. However, I would say there is evidence to support mine. The gist of the question is not whether or not god exists. But rather, IF he does then what must he be like. Speculate that God does exist and answer as if he does. Then what must he be like based on your experience.  EF
"God created man in His own image". I think that's one clue.  Man was placed inna-da-gadda-da-vida. The fabled Garden of Eden has been located in Africa.  Each generation, we get taller, bigger, and darker as we meld the human races together.  Eventually all of us will look like God. Who, by the way is a woman. How much life have you seen created by human males?  Therefore, drumroll please.........................  God is a large, 30 foot tall woman, who's as black as tar (w/white wings).  Just wait, you'll see for yourself.
You lost me here EF.  I don't want to make assumptions, so perhaps you can clarify. I'm not sure what is unprovable on my part, and I'm not exactly clear on your position and what evidence there is to support it.  I'm disappointed that you didn't provide any evidence or support for your assertion that "the idea that we live 80 years within this current cosmic reality and that everything then just stops, lends itself to a lack of purpose."   I have speculated that "god" exists, it's everything around me, the natural world. Based on my experience the world can be profoundly beautiful and it can be very ugly. Ultimately, you and I are only minute pieces of the puzzle, a blink of the eye. It's up to us what we get out of life, and you get out what you put in.  Waxy  Terribly sorry for losing you and not responding with the appropriate analysis to support my statement on 80 years etc. Let me see if I can do better.  The part that is unprovable was:   Simple answer - because we have evolved a conscious mind that greatly increases our chance of survival.   Many of the qualities you list are not unique to humans, they are common in the natural world. Why do wolves travel in packs? Why so some wolves aspire to be the alpha male, while others are content with subservient roles?    Aspiration attributed to an animal is a stretch but not really what I want to argue.  The evolution of a concious mind is not provable. One can assume evolution of a concious mind but to do so requires a leap of faith. It is not an observable phenomenon. It requires that you believe evolution occured. It also requires the assumption that there is not a "personal" God and the assumption that if God exists then He is completely uninvolved. There could be evidence to that degree, but there is evidence that God is involved. We could debate which evidence is better but it is debatable at best.  The idea you state of an impersonal universe and of evolution both support a beginning and and end to a single life. Evolution does not support life beyond death. It in fact contradicts it. Evolution comes from the assumption that things end. To better explain, assume that there is life after death, then how does that impact the "survival" idea. If all animals live beyond death then the need for individual survival falls off and even the need for societal survival falls away. It is not needed as a motivator as we will go on forever.  Survival as a motivator only allows me to do what is in my best interests. Even survival of a society only allows me to do what is best for my society and actually encourages warfare so that one society may dominate by being the fittest (so to speak). Knowing that we go on after death actually means that I don't have to work so hard at caring for myself and am instead free to care for others.  Does this make more sense?
 The "assumption" that there is not in fact a personal "god" is not an assumption at all, it's a logical starting point.   Waxy  You must have missed a logic class. A logical starting point is called "assumption" another item used is "given". That is how one starts a logical process.  Given that evolution is true then.... Given that God exists then...  Evolution does not address the origins of the universe. It only addresses mans origins. God addresses both.  Agreed that it is at our current level of understanding. However, you then have to assume that a new level of understanding will lead us to a conclusion that GOd did not exist.  What you describe is not observable. Period. What I describe is not observable. Period. They both require some level of faith in our assumptions.  The question I ask for sake of a logical discussion is  Given: God exists Then: What must GOd be like.  You, from what I read, have determined that God is impersonal and natural. Is that accurate. I have determined based on evidence such as the physical differences in the universe in its very beginning with now (density of matter, speed of light, etc.) that there was no universe to begin with. That time and matter were created. Evolution cannot answer that item, it does not even address it.  EF
Maybe I was sleeping that day. I missed your specific definition of assumption. I was working on a slightly different definition.  There is no evidence of God, therefore any mention of his existence is an assumption.  There is plenty of evidence that the physical world around us exists, so no assumption is needed to work from that basis.  I understand the point you're making, that we don't have all the answers regarding cosmic science, abiogenesis, etc..., we can only theorize and attempt to test and verify the theory. However, that simply means we don't have the answers, it's doesn't mean the answers don't exist, or must come from the supernatural.  You're appealing to the "God of the gaps" as evidence for your position.    No, numerous other areas of science deal with the origin of the universe.  Evolution addresses the changes in life over time, abiogenesis addresses the origin of life.  The boogeyman addresses both too, the problem is, there's is no way to test the validity of either entity, and therefore no logical reason to conclude that they did have an impact, even if it can't be proven that they didn't.    You can never prove that God does not exist, I didn't miss that logic class. ;)   It's simply a non-issue as far as science is concerned. Science does not deal with the supernatural.    What is observable and what isn't observable? I'm lost again.  I also have a feeling that this is quickly boiling down to another debate on the definition of faith.    Yes, it is. God to me is not a conscious being, and certainly not relational.  I'm unfamiliar with your assertions regarding density and the speed of light, and their relationship to the universe being created. You obviously put a fair bit of stock in this, as it apparently forms the basis for your belief in God. Do you have a link to the info?  I've laid out my thoughts, I figure it's time for you to lay out yours. So far I have down that you believe God is a relational entity without which life would be hopeless.  I think I've successfully challenged the notion that life without God is hopeless, at least I assume so from your lack a response on the subject, so the question is, how do you envision God?  Waxy  Ahhhhh Very good argumentation. There is a great deal of evidence for the existence of God. I am not sure that I would characterize it as scientific, but evidence nonetheless. Certainly documentary evidence and writings concerning God go back a long way. The fact that we actually create is evidence for a creator. There are certain miraculous events which cannot be explained by science or can only be speculated upon by science. The raising of the dead, healing of the terminally ill through prayer (I have witnessed this thing on one occasion without any oddball televangists involved) amongst others. While I will admit there are things there we do not understand, they are still EVIDENCE. It does not mean that there are not other possible explanations but they still support the existence of God.  As to my understanding of God. He is relational. He is Love, He is omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent. He is creator, judge, savior, king, prince of peace, wonderful counselor, a strong fortress. He is the beginning and the end, He was before time and will be after time, he brought all things into existence, He defines Good, He is good, he is the lover of my soul. He is my caretaker, my hope and my portion. He is the best thing that ever happened to me.  I do not base my belief in him on something such as the origins of the universe. My belilef is based on the fact that I have tried out what is said to be true about him and found it perfectly sound. I have never been let down by Him and while I cannot always see what He is doing, I am sure that He is involved and has my back.  That is what I believe.  EF
The raising of the dead, healing of the terminally ill through prayer (I have witnessed this thing on one occasion without any oddball televangists involved) amongst others.   Same here--I've witnessed that sort of thing firsthand as well. That's the thing--often the biggest criticism here against religion is that it's not based on evidence and observation, but the very opposite is often true. It IS based on observation, at least for me.  I've seen phenomenon take place in 3rd world countries that would leave no doubt there's a God.
I am sure you have convinced yourself that was what you saw.  However, suprisingly (or not so), none of the 'prayer over the terminally ill' has ever been able to be confirmed. In double blind tests, there is zero effect on prayer to health and recovery. Confirming God is, at best, a one-on-one job....anyway.  Unless someone has personally experienced the things of God - how would one go about proving it?  I know, I know...can't prove a negative....
However, suprisingly (or not so), none of the 'prayer over the terminally ill' has ever been able to be confirmed. In double blind tests, there is zero effect on prayer to health and recovery.  That's because the prayer is not what does it. The prayer is just asking God to intervene. It's not like praying is going to guarantee healing--most religious people know this.
A chapter straight out of "Gullible's Travels".emoticon_xangel  Remember, none of what you hear and only half of what you see.  Dude, you have no idea.
Doctor says, "You're a gonner". Shows x-ray. Later, same doctor with new x-ray, "Hey, where'd that tumor go?" Peer review. Simple really. And that my friend is the whole point: "Doctor says".  It's not that some folks don't fall for the romance of religion, it's the fact that they want to have what Joe or Jane has, not what God has. That's the downward spiral of religion, imo.  But the things of God for me are just for me, no one else. The things He has for you are yours alone. I can't prove these things of mine to you, nor you me.  It's an uphill battle to even touch on the subject to anyone that has never experienced it.  Did you get my PM?
I am sure you have convinced yourself that was what you saw.  However, suprisingly (or not so), none of the 'prayer over the terminally ill' has ever been able to be confirmed. In double blind tests, there is zero effect on prayer to health and recovery.  One, you are correct that we have never been able to recreate in a study the recovery of a terminally ill patient due to prayer. That is because it would be irresponsible to not treat people with prayer and everything else at the same time.   HOwever, your statement that there is zero effect on prayer to health and recovery (and I found this quote on many websites so wasn't sure how to credit it appropriately.). But I think a professor at duke university who reviewed 1200 studies and determined that religion in genereal and prayer in specific had distinct positive benefits would be a resonable source for the skeptical.   "Harold Koenig, MD, associate professor of medicine and psychiatry at Duke University, is senior author of a book titled, Handbook of Religion and Health. The book documents 1200 studies involving the effects of prayer on health. These studies conclude that people who pray tend to live healthier lifestyles and get sick less often than their non-praying counterparts. "  EF
That's because the prayer is not what does it. The prayer is just asking God to intervene. It's not like praying is going to guarantee healing--most religious people know this. True.  At some point in time we're gonna have to stop saying "religious" things and start telling it like it is, jyoshu.  "...those who love God and believe know this."  How's that? :) emoticon_xangel
Here is one study that is peer reviewed:  Prayer and Mortality  Helm, H., Hays, J.C., Flint, E., Koenig, H.G., Blazer, DG (2000). Effects of private religious activity on mortality of elderly disabled and nondisabled adults. Journal of Gerontology (Medical Sciences) , 55A, M400-M405.   Objective & Design:  Investigators examined the effects of private religious activities like prayer and Bible study on survival. A random sample of 3,851 community-dwelling adults aged 64-101 years residing in the Piedmont of North Carolina was surveyed in 1986 as part of the NIH Established Populations for the Epidemiologic Studies of the Elderly (EPESE) program. Private religious activities and a wide variety of sociodemographic and health variables were assessed at baseline. Vital status of members was then determined prospectively over the next six years (1986-1992). Time (days) to death or censoring in days was analyzed using Cox proportional hazards.   Findings:  During a median 6.3-year follow-up period, 1177 subjects died. Low levels of private religious activity (meditation, prayer, or Bible study) were a significant predictor of mortality in healthy but not disabled subjects. After the investigators controlled for demographics and health status (including depression and stressful life events), persons with no disability and little or no private religious activity in 1986 were 63% more likely to die during the follow-up (HR [hazard ratio] 1.63, 95% CI 1.20-2.21). Even after controlling for social support and health behaviors, investigators found that lack of private religious activity continued to predict a 47% greater risk of dying (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.07-2.03). This study is important because it is one of the first to show an association between private religious activities and longer survival in certain population subgroups. For more information contact: Judy C. Hays (jch@geri.duke.edu) or Harold G. Koenig (koenig@geri.duke.edu).   And there are many more. No these do not prove the existence of god because there are other potential explanations, none of which can be proven either. The next argument that comes is that we take the most reasonable solution. The problem with that is that it is a subjective statement as to what is reasonable and not objective and therefore has little value in a debate where objective standard must determine the outcome.  So, my point is simply that evidence exists. It does not prove it but it exists.  EF
Yes, and he is the author of a couple of studies. One study that showed with a smaller sample a possible link was from Duke University as a matter of fact. When they tried to reproduce the same results (same group of dcotors) with a larger study, their own work refuted their earlier work.    Frankly, all the studies I have seen that showed alijk between 'prayer' and health were flawed, and/or biased.  There have been an equal number of studies (often funteded by religious groups), that showed there were no links.  For example. .. in one of hte latest studies, Prayer does no good  http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/03/30/health/main1458679.shtml    One: A study cannot show positively no link (you cannot prove the negative) it can only show that the current study design did not show a link.  Do you know what i meann by a double blind test?? it take a look at it from a statistical point of view. You see, just as many 'terimally ill' peopel who didn't get prayed over recovered perfectly fine as 'terminlay ill' people who got prayed for.   Two: A double-blind test is a control group test where neither the evaluator nor the subject knows which items are controls. Thus double blind. Both are blind to the purpose of the study and to the control. If you are going to throw the jargon around it would help if YOU knew what it meant emoticon_emb   Statistical Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) is used in almost all psychological studies.  Lastly, you avoid the actual argument and once again go down a rabbit trail. I made it very clear that what I posted was not proof. It was evidence. Yes there are studies that show the opposite. However, there are 1200 studies summarized by this one professor (and there are many others given the 1200 studies) which clearly show a link. They are double blind, peer reviewed, statistically analyzed using z scores, a two tailed ANOVA, etc.   Once again I am not saying there is proof only evidence. Just because there is evidence to the contrary does not mean that my evidence does not exist.  Please pay attention to the argument.
One: A study cannot show positively no link (you cannot prove the negative) it can only show that the current study design did not show a link.    Two: A double-blind test is a control group test where neither the evaluator nor the subject knows which items are controls. Thus double blind. Both are blind to the purpose of the study and to the control. If you are going to throw the jargon around it would help if YOU knew what it meant emoticon_emb   Statistical Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) is used in almost all psychological studies.  Lastly, you avoid the actual argument and once again go down a rabbit trail. I made it very clear that what I posted was not proof. It was evidence. Yes there are studies that show the opposite. However, there are 1200 studies summarized by this one professor (and there are many others given the 1200 studies) which clearly show a link. They are double blind, peer reviewed, statistically analyzed using z scores, a two tailed ANOVA, etc.   Once again I am not saying there is proof only evidence. Just because there is evidence to the contrary does not mean that my evidence does not exist.  Please pay attention to the argument. Tear 'em up, EF!!!! emoticon_xgood   Studies show....studies show....studies show. It can go on (and often does) for as long as one wants to study. Some things are nailed down, some are not.  If a person so chooses they can study God and, with due diligence, find Him - but study religion and lose Him.  Of course we are talking about a religious enlightenment, aren't we trebor? For if God were the subject we believers would have no leg to stand on...
That is right.. That is just one of a number of studies that didn't show a link. Other ones that DID show a link were done with larger samples, and were not able to be reproduced by the very people who DID that study that showed a link. Yet, when these studies are quoted, the believers will quote the first study, yet ignore the second study done by the very same group.  Care to address your errors as well or are you still chasing the rabbit trail?  So far you repeat a non argument that is not topical. So far you provide no evidence on the actual argument. So far you don't address that you don't actually know what double blind is or how statistics are used properly.   Larger sample sizes actually are BETTER statistical representations than the smaller sample sizes. This is standard testing procedure.   Your are failing miserably in this line of argument.
Only because you are unable or unwilling to understand, because it erodes you're predeterminted belief.  And, you see, the larger samples show no evidence of praryer doing one with fo good. The smaller samples sometimes did.  Ergo facto, the smaller studies can be chalked up to statstical anomolies.  I think you need to go back and reread your comments:  Other ones that DID show a link were done with larger samples, and were not able to be reproduced by the very people who DID that study that showed a link.   The larger samples showed the link by your own statement.   And once again you avoid anything that has been said below claiming that I cannot understand something. I am not the one that did not know what a double blind study was. I am not the one throwing lingo around and doesn't actually know what it means. I am not the one misquoting myself. trebor: Please, just give up. You have soundly lost this one.
No doubt about it. Trebor has lost this one.
Do you know what i meann by a double blind test?? it take a look at it from a statistical point of view. You see, just as many 'terimally ill' peopel who didn't get prayed over recovered perfectly fine as 'terminlay ill' people who got prayed for. and just as many prayed over died as the ones that didn't.  I think you may not have understood my point. How can you measure, from a statistical POV, what may or may not happen to begin with?   Saying, for instance, that as many failures-to-heal happened as did healings, or MORE failures-to-heal than healings (and therefore "doesn't work") is like trying to say that the invalid beggar on the street corner is doing something that doesn't work because he only gets a handout every once in awhile instead of every time. Or even half the time, or a 10th of the time. Prayer, by its very nature, isn't a machine that can be measured. By the very religious person's understanding of what it is, it's not going to work every time.  Also, the '3rd world' community is rift with con men, who deal with illusions to grab money from the gullible. I  Ha, well our own world is rife with con men too, for that matter.   I know, personally, some of the people involved in the healings I'm talking about. And in none of them was money even a factor--there was no opportunity present to profit from anything. But believe or disbelieve what you want. I've seen it, and I know, from observation that the stuff is real. And a lot more than just "healings."
Like I said, I am sure you believe it. I don't believe it. I bet that if the case was looked at ffrom a professional stand point, there would be a big discrepency between what you think happened, and what actually happened.   Well, that's fair enough--we're all entitled to our beliefs no matter which way we fall--both of us.
Sorry EF, I was out of town.  First off - I agree that everything (well almost everything), you've presented can be considered evidence. The question is, is it GOOD evidence? Is it observable, reliable, testable, repeatable, etc...?  Documentary evidence and writings are your best evidence, and as I'm sure you know, they don't form the strongest basis.   The fact that we create is in no way evidence of a creator. That's false logic.  I'm not aware of any documented and scientifically verified cases of anyone being raised from the dead.  "Miracles" most often have explanations, where we have no explanation, God can be inserted, but so can anything, including simply, "I don't know".  Healing of the terminally ill through prayer is pretty much a dead end street. I think that's been proven in this thread.  I don't doubt the "power of prayer" has some positive influence on those that are ill, however, the fact that the prayer is to the Christian God is irrelevent. Prayer means the presence of loved ones and a positive atmosphere, IMHO, that affects the mental state of the patient, and that in turn can help in overcoming illness.   All of this "evidence" is indeterminate in nature, it could support the existance of God, but it could also support the existance of Thor or the boogeyman.   Alternatively, it could simply be that we don't as yet know the answers, and it isn't evidence of anything.    Interesting.  I have no real objections to your definition, obviously I disagree, but as you've defined god, I can understand the attraction. I think it's a pretty standard definition of God for all put those of the extremes (your EZs).   Irregardless of the omniscience and omnipotence, and the "power" associated with him in your definition, god would make a good parent, sibling or wife.    My question then is simple - if that is the case, when why attempt to justify his existence using science, or more specifically logic? Why is faith in god as you've defined him not enough to satisfy you?  Waxy  As to the documentary evidence: I would say that my point is that it is as good of evidence as any other document considered historically reliable. For example, consider the new testament. The originals (which we do not have) were written in greek between roughtly 50 and 100 AD. While we do not have the originals there are 5000 manuscripts available with approximately 25000 copies available. Some dating back to as early as 120AD by scientific dating methods.  In comparison for Plato's manuscripts there are only 7 copies in existence and the earliest manuscript is over 1300 years after the fact of the writing. Yet these are absolutely considered to be authored by plato and to be good copies of what he actually wrote.  Norman Geisler makes several key observations for our consideration:  No other book is even a close second to the Bible on either the number or early dating of the copies. The average secular work from antiquity survives on only a handful of manuscripts; the New Testament boasts thousands.  The average gap between the original composition and the earliest copy is over 1,000 years for other books.  The New Testament, however, has a fragment within one generation from its original composition, whole books within about 100 years from the time of the autograph [original manuscript], most of the New Testament in less than 200 years, and the entire New Testament within 250 years from the date of its completion.  The degree of accuracy of the copies is greater for the New Testament than for other books that can be compared. Most books do not survive with enough manuscripts that make comparison possible.  As to the argument I raised concerning prayer and miracles, I will concede that portion. NOt that I think your correct, simply that I cannot prove it and the evidence for it has alternate explanations. It was a poorly constructed argument on my part with little actual research done. I will do more and if I find something better then I will post.  As to your last question: "My question then is simple - if that is the case, when why attempt to justify his existence using science, or more specifically logic? Why is faith in god as you've defined him not enough to satisfy you?"  It is plenty to satisfy me. However, it is not enough to satisfy you and others. My hope is to make you question and think. I also hope to learn more about my own faith and beliefs as you question me. It is good for me. I share it with others BECAUSE it has been good for me. I only wish such goodness for others as well.  EF
I have no real argument with the above, it's not worth debating the minor details. There's no question that the Bible has been well preserved. The problem is, it's inconsequential to the real issue at hand. It's the best of bad evidence.  Without some way of verifying the text(s), then the Bible is no greater proof of God than Harry Potter books are proof of Harry Potter and witches. I know I'm not telling you anything you don't already know.  Ultimately, the Bible, and God, cannot be proof of God. It's circular reasoning and a logical fallacy.  Quite correct as far as proof goes. I disagree on the "best of bad" evidence. The evidence is equal in quality to what we already accept of secular documentation. It is even far better. Why then is it acceptable to say that "the bible is unreliable" or "invalid" and then also say that the works of Plato or aristotle are valid and reliable. Which is what happens from most atheists on this board as far as I can see.   Additionally there is plenty of archaelogical evidence of many events in the bible. I believe there was astronomical evidence of an eclipse as described in the bible. There has been discovered a marker with the name Pontius Pilate within the last 20 years I think. There is corroborating evidence as well.   The only real point I make, and I think you actually agree, is that to use one set of documents in an argument and then argue that the other set is unreliable or invalid when it has a greater probability of reliability and validity is simply poppycock.   That's a difficult task. I'm not sure your research will ever turn up what your looking for.  Quite likely.  You do make me think, far more than most on the board, especially in the religious section, dominated by the likes of EZ et al.   I do absorb the info in these religious discussions, and occassionaly it is challenging, however, far more often than not, the information I'm presented on the side of religion only reinforces my existing beliefs.   I believe we've talked about this before. About the desire of those who believe to somehow justify their beliefs or put them on a concrete, physical footing. Personally, I don't understand it. The choice has been made to have faith in God, something that can never be physical or concrete, at that point, the rest should be irrelevent.  Waxy  Again, it is not the desire to put them on some concrete or physical footing it is simply to show that the concrete and physical nature are not as non existent as one might think. Again, it is to challenge our thinking so that we are not so one sided as I am often accused of by trebor. I think an examination of my argumentation will typically show that I am very open minded, but just because I consider both sides of the argument and do not limit myself simply because I DONT believe something....  Thanks for the discourse.
Actually, you are correct at least to a degree. I would say that what the numbers show is that the people who wrote what is in the new testament believed what they were writing to be true. I would agree that it does not necessarily prove it to be true. Do any of you, trebor, waxy, sinjin, et al, agree?  EF
(I felt the holy spirit .. take your lithum kid).. ) So...all Christians have some sort of brain damage, trebor? You're not getting any better at this are you?
There are no other circumstances of human belief systems in which we allow such departures from reason, other than religious belief.  That's a mighty bold statement, thelmoose. Are you sure you want to stick with it? For example: Serial killers have a belief system that requires them to kill, and rapists to do their deeds. Not all these are linked to religion.
Political beliefs also permit a departure from reason. You only have to talk to a BNP member to see that, or watch an Marxist-Leninist (Read: Stalinist) contort themselves while explaining why what Stalin did was ok.
First, I find it interesting that you use, as examples that are supposed to be comparable to religion, the perverted beliefs of criminals. Those belief systems would be considered a psychiatric pathology, which is exactly the point I was making. Secondly, if you think it's such a bold statement, name a single belief system, that compares with religion in its departure from reason that is considered socially acceptable.  A belief system is just that - a system. It doesn't matter where they come from. That was my point. Besides anything that compares to religion is a religion, imo. Religion in and of itself has nothing to do with Christ. Your statement said, specifically: Religion. I have stated many times here that if a person, be he good or bad or indifferent, lives by a set of beliefs, then that person is religious. Wouldn't you agree? You also didn't answer my Zeus question. If Zeus talked to you and guided you to a better life, whereby all those you came in contact with profited from it, then I would have to say, "Zeus must be a good god."  And if I told you that Christ speaks to me everytime I pray to Him, what would you say?
Again, are you comparing religious ideas with the BNP or Stalin?  Not particularly, I was just trying to cite examples most people could agree on. I could have pointed to Thatcherite monetarist dogma that left millions unemployed, but too many on the right are still convinced it was "necessary", which would rather have obscured the point I was making.
I wouldn't.  You're using two definitions of "religion" interchangeably. Religion (capital R) is inexorably linked to a belief in the supernatural. A religion (small r) is simply what we call a pursuit of something with with very strict, unquestioning adherence - i.e., consumerism or dieting could be considered the "religions" of those who follow them as if they were Religions. They are not the same thing. I beg to differ...  Religion with a big R has nothing to do with belief in God (or gods) any more than does rubbing a mule twixt the ears with an ear of corn keep it from starving to death.  What can be done with our society to make them see that...I wonder?
We're getting off the point, I think. I was talking about belief systems that are socially acceptable, that was my point. Your examples were not. None of those "compare to religion". Likewise, I am not talking about which belief systems are religious, but which are rational. The only acceptable irrational belief system is religion. No, you just don't want to accept the fact that religion has mutated to the point that is only a shadow of what it once was. What is "socially acceptable" now is a system of luxurious values aimed to please the crowd. It's a ploy by those who can't feel God's presence and don't think anyone really does anyway. That is kind of you to say, but I suspect you would turn away and roll your eyes and make an aside that this guy is bonkers. You would be wrong...but I can't prove it. I would say that you truly believe that, but I respectfully submit that belief has no basis in fact. God was, is, and will always be illogical. Those who try to prove otherwise fail miserably.
Not necessarily God(s), but very defintinely at least the supernatural. I am using the primary definition found in at least three dictionary sources. Your definition seems unique to yourself. We all make up our own defintions from time to time, which is fine, but your particular version won't have much meaning if you want to get into debates where we all need a level semantic playing field. All I am saying, fish, is that the definition don't work anymore...  Sorry, jmho.
...which you're completely entitled to do. Why doesn't it work? Religion was once an honorable system of beliefs based on God and His teachings. It made its way through horrible times, taking root in the foundation of society - the home. It was taught as a direct link to God's plan for mankind, a road map, using the Bible as the sole guide. Then came along those that would distort it, putting to death all those that opposed its teachings, branching off several different ways into denominations or divisions, blantantly ignoring the Gospels. Soon a Christian wasn't a Christian unless he/she followed a certain set of rules, which were established by man, not God.  Religion has become similar to what Democrats and Republicans have become - you can't tell what it stands for and when you finally discover it, it changes. To me, at least, it has become a political platform, nothing more.
I would absolutely accept that religion has changed, and it looks like in your mind, for the worse. However, that is not my argument. It looks like we are struggling to connect on our points, at least I am not quite understanding you. So, I appreciate your interaction and lets leave it at that. I suppose so, thelmoose. I have to admit that I'm old-fashioned and hate to see the name of God taken in vain so much these days...and people choose to ignore it. I will say that there are some people who have also seen its downfall and are trying to establish a means to overcome it through clarification of God's Word. I see it as a slow process and not many willing to put up with it for some reason or other.  Sounds like we agree. Sorta, kinda.  I agree that logical proof of God's existence will never be possible and should not be attempted. If I was a believer, I might even consider an attempt to do so blasphemous. How we differ, I think, is I do not choose to believe in such concepts and prefer to remain in the logical realm. It may seem mundane and less wonderful to you, but I cannot give up my gift of reason in this respect. What seems mundane and less wonderful to me is the fact that because of this twisted view of religion, a child can't get the help he/she needs from stem cell research. If you've ever had to deal with the severely retarded and with all the excuses why they can't be helped, you'd know what I mean. Or better yet have a severely retarded family member that suffers because someone's silly belief system don't allow a certain kind of research. It'll sour your milk.
[QUOTE=fishpower]  Yeah, there were some pretty silly things established in the name of God and the Bible. But maybe there was some positive change as well? Or perhaps we should go back to doing exactly what the Bible says and stone people to death for working on Sunday    Interesting thought but lets go at it from a different angle for a bit...  Lets drop what the old testament said, lets drop what all the atheists intellectuals on here will say about religion, christianity, or any more debating on what a person cannot prove to be logical or within reason. ...  Instead for a moment, lets look at the sum total of the positive or negative effect of being a modern day theist or an atheist. If atheism is so truthful, so provable, so "solid as rock" real to life, then why does our western civilization still keep christianity alive ? Why do people want to keep a lie alive? ...   Here are some of the silly things people do when they truly believe in a lie.  Crawl out of their warm bed on their day off and go sit on hard pews and listen to someone preach a lie. Give their money in tithes to a lie, keep the most popular " lie filled" book in all history in their homes, get married by a person living a lie, baptize their newborn with a lie, go to the hospital chapel while their loved one is on the cutting table and ask a liar for some help, conduct the burial services with a lie, ... just a few
This is probably the most defensible explanation of an atheistic worldview I've heard on this site. You are absolutely right. The biggest problem in the discussion is using a diverse term generally. The trouble is, in my experience, I have personally clearly laid out definitions of "atheist," "agnostic," and the like for the purposes of discussion (and seen others do it) only to have atheists turn the discussion into a debate about those clearly laid out definitions. What's my point? That believers aren't the only ones muddying the discussion.  but they help us realize that atheism comes in different flavors (like Godless Grape or Sacrilicious Sherbet) I couldn't help but chuckle when I read this :) So if the atheist can't call him/herself an atheist simply on logical grounds, then neither can a theist call him/herself a theist for the same reason. Then we'd all live in the gray goo of agnosticism and nobody would be sure of anything. What is so bad about being unsure?
Again, we've found out that by "Religion" you really mean "Christian Beliefs." Certainly those have changed, but Religion is still what it is. You could even say that modern Christianity is a completely different religion than what it used to be, but that still doesn't change the nature of religion. Christian beliefs are the same no matter where you go, fishpower. It's the mutated "christian" that I'm referring to - those who abuse the name of God and all that was once considered holy/sacred. Like Greg said, there are still those who want nothing to do with what religion has become. These are the ones that put aside their selfishness and worship God for who God is and not what "His Name" can do to further their cause. As for being an "honorable system of beliefs" I would beg to differ. The Old Testament by itself has some of the most disonorable values ever written.  I think we've beaten the hair off both sides of that dead horse, fishpower. Can't remember if you were part of those discussions, but I think the jury's still out whether those dishonorable values were the result of God or of mankind. Yeah, there were some pretty silly things established in the name of God and the Bible. But maybe there was some positive change as well? Or perhaps we should go back to doing exactly what the Bible says and stone people to death for working on Sunday. Sure there were and still are positive elements of the Lord's teachings. It's when man decides that we have a better idea that it begins to unravel.
That's all well and good, but you're missing my point. Your claim was that Reigion has changed, but when you use the word "religion" you're really just referring to Chrisianity. You seem to be forgetting, though, that Christianity isn't the only religion in the world. My point was that Religion hasn't changed becuase Religion itself is simply a worship of any supernatural entity, be it God, Vishnu, Ra, the alien ship behind the Hale-Bopp comet or anything else you care to make up. I do see your point, but isn't the Christian religion the one that's most abused in the USA? That was my point. You were the one that brought up those good old-fashioned values. I can't not question that very dubious assertion. If you grant that any part of the Bible was gotten wrong by those who wrote it down, then what cause do you have to believe a single word of it? I don't grant any part of it as wrong. What I was referring to were discussions on this board and in many, many others. In every discussion about those days, that one topic is the core.
Not even close. Try being a Muslim, or an atheist (if you count atheism as a religion). Not close? Have you listened to the televangelists lately?  About the muslims - the ratio is not up there enough yet to compare it to Christianity in the US.  And atheists? First of all I don't consider atheism a religion. But if I did how is atheism being abused?
Um, why so many churches in the USA? Why so many growing churches in the USA?  Where, specifically, is the abuse? Other than the obvious population explosion - there are many people today that are finding these "feel good" religions fall far too short to have much of a lasting impact. They have tried to live according to Brother John and Sister Jane, who have millions of dollars to prove the existance of God, and have realized that it just don't work. They have heard politicans "preaching" on what God has told them. They've had enough and want to break away from that division of religion and get back to the basics. Like I said, it will be a slow process and many will jump ship, but I really believe Christianity will shake it off and be much better than ever.  Once again, the abuse comes from religionists, who use it for personal gain. It's abused in schools, in sports, in jail, and in public office. It's abused at home to keep a wife barefoot and pregnant, or a husband to change his ways. Just about anything that you can slap a name on can be done in the name of God, through Christianity.
Alright, so we've narrowed it down to this country. Fair enough. You say Christianity is abused. This isn't so much a discussion for an atheist to get into as it is between different sects of Christianity battling for who has the "correct interpretation."  The OP is Logic of Atheism, which is why we are discussing the need for religion in the first place. Interpretation of God's Word is not the problem. The problem lies in the blatant misinterpretation of His Word. I believe those that do this aren't quite sure there's a God or gods, either. That's where my point comes to focus...or at least I would have thought so. There's going to be honest mistakes made in interpretation no matter what division of religion to which one belongs. It's sort of hard to make that claim if a preacher screams about drinking a beer late of an evening, yet he takes the church's money to make a political contribution, or to further the cause of some joint venture into the oil business. Maybe the "correct" version of Christianity only existed between Jesus and his immediate followers.  Despite popular belief, we can all be His direct followers. If you trust in Him and believe you can and will shuck all the unnecessary things of religion. Some find it hard to attend church without the usual condiments. God's Word needs no spicing-up...it's perfect the way it is.  Maybe the "correct" version entails handling snakes and speaking in tongues. When you start interpreting the Bible, as you obviously have to do to discount some of its crazier teachings, then you lose the ability to be able to say definitively which interpretation is correct. If the catholics interpret it to say we can't wear rubbers, you can't correct them except to say "I think my interpretation is better." And if you don't want to interpret it at all, then by god, let's stone us some adulterers. That's not really how Christ wanted us to handle Him. He instructs us to allow Him to work through us, not for us to work through Him. If it takes the handling of snakes to prove His existence, then there would have been no need for Him to bear the Cross. Material things are and will always be material things - whether it be snakes or diamonds. Personally, I think the correct interpretaton of the Bible is as a document of the beliefs of some ancient people looking for answers. That's your opinion and I shouldn't condemn you for it. I would like to ask what brought you to that conclusion, though. If it's not wrong, what is it? Righteousness...imho. Big Orn, I don't think there can ever be a "back to basics" christian religion becuase I don't believe you'll ever get a univeral consensus on what the "basics" really are. If there is such a thing, it was probably known only to Jesus and his immediate followers, and since none of those people likely existed anyway, it's a lost cause. Like I said above, fish, we can be His immediate followers if we so choose. And yes there is such a thing as going back and getting the real message. It takes letting go of our silly human pride and seeing religion for what it really is, however.
When you start interpreting the Bible, as you obviously have to do to discount some of its crazier teachings, then you lose the ability to be able to say definitively which interpretation is correct. You don't have to interpret the Bible because of some of its "crazy teachings" you have to interpret it because it is a written document like you do any other written document, or spoken word for that matter.
Ron, please excuse the butting in. Come right on in and pull up a stump... :)  Live with it. That's not really the reason the Bible has lasted so long. It's weathered the storm despite all those that think it's nothing more than fairy tales. If the teachings inside the Bible served no purpose I would be the first to let it go. I have no desire to believe in something with no substance. The older I get the more I see its truth.  That's what I live with...and by.
More rhetoric. Please explain clearly what this ideal Christianity of yours is, where you get it from, and and how it relates, or doesn't relate, to the Bible. One cannot explain the faith of God in a logical manner. In order to make myself clear, then you would need some measure of faith. I doubt that will happen.  I could explain the Gospels, but that's where the problems start. Right? Let's just say that I can't explain ideal Christianity and be done with it.
Well, yes, but so have the Hindu vedas and the Qu'ran. What marks the bible as different from them? It is only different in the sense that it touches a person differently. In some other life I might have chosen the others. It depends on the person and how that person applies himself to that specific guide.  In other words I can't condemn another simply because their God or gods are different from mine. Unless I have personally experienced their God/gods how can I know?  Now, the Bible to me means more than any other works similar because I have discovered that it works for me. I have faith in its messages and lessons. What is most illogical and unexplainable is that I never read the Bible alone - the Holy Spirit guides me through it, explaining things I can't understand.  Now you know why I don't make much sense here. I can't explain faith or prove God, or display evidence of any kind.
Ron, you are an honest man and deserve our respect for that. (If that sounds like b/s, it isn't meant that way.) I agree. The fact remains, humans in any culture have a strong compulsion to seek explanations and justifications for the way the world is, and they'll grab whatever nostrum is closest. In your case, it was the bible. If you'd been born in another time or place it could equally well have been the vedas or the Qu'ran, and whatever had seemed illogical and unexplainable therein, your faith would have guided you through it. This is exactly what he said. What is your point exactly in repeating it?
Why count Christians who bash Christians? If I bash my own beliefs nonstop, why should I get status as "abused"? I'm not talking about bashing. I'm referring to those who draw others near through deception, purposely misguiding...with "love". Nothing about bashing in the deal. Ratio? If you're referring to the ratio of Muslims to Christians, the ratio is irrelevant to the question. Otherwise, think back a couple years to all the talk about how Islam is a violent, avenging religion... Should have said, "The most popular religion", maybe. One of my favorites is Bush Sr.'s statement that atheists shouldn't even be citizens since this is "one nation under God." Any time any religion is endorsed, superficially or not, by the government, be it by displaying the Ten Commandments in a courthouse or approving the teaching of creationism, all religious views to which those things don't apply are being abused. In the above examples, all non-Abrahamic views are discriminated against when the Ten Commandments are displayed (and some might even say some Abrahamic views are as well, depending on which version is used), and when creationism is taught for religious reasons, all other religions are tread upon. Guess which view gets hit every time any religion is endorsed? You are very close to understanding my point. "Render unto Caesar what is his and unto the Lord what belongs to him..."
Thanks for your kind words, John and Master Shake.  Feels good to join you folks again. Hope to post again soon.  Despite some folks on here bent on causing trouble - I've missed it.
I'm not talking about bashing. I'm referring to those who draw others near through deception, purposely misguiding...with "love". How do you mean?
Your brand of christianity seems uniquely tolerant and open, and I guess that's to be commended, but I don't think that makes it any more true than any of the variations you bemoan in your posts. The most liberal, loving, open interpretation of the Bible is still just a liberal, loving, open interpretation of a piece of ancient fiction. Let's say it is. If someone lives what is in your mind a good life as a result of its inspiration, does it really make any difference?
"Bashing" is not encompassed by "being abused"? Not necessarily. See my reply to Master Shake. If a religion has to be "the most popular religion" in order to be abused, then you are defining which religion is being abused regardless of actual abuse. This is absurd. As I said, since you're referring to numbers, your "rebuttal" has no logical foundation. Just because there's only one me doesn't mean I can't be abused. No, it's always the most popular brand that has the most potential for abuse - you have many more followers that can take the bait. When this happens you can create the desired affect and have your mob mentality. Oh, see, I understand your point, but that doesn't mean that I think your point is correct. Understanding doesn't necessarily mean agreeing, but it does cut down on confusion. I've never denied Caesar or the Lord that which is rightfully theirs. Of course, that doesn't mean I've given anything to either... Or at least that you have knowledge of...
How do you mean? Bashing to me means - Physical assault: mugging or violence, especially when directed at a particular group of people or - Criticism: hostile comment directed at a specific person or group.  Abuse in this case means using religion in an improper or harmful way for personal gain by means of deception and acting as though they are doing it out of love, compassion, etc.; fooling the congregation.  Cleary a big difference.
In other words, religion is like the blues. If you have to have it explained to you, you're just not going get it. Kinda poetic, in a way, if frustrating to those who wish to better understand it.  It depends on the reason for the belief system in the first place. If it's the social style of religion, then it's no more than a game or political ploy. If it's a system of beliefs where the believer is searching for God, then it has nothing to do with emotions or material gain. In an ideal situation you would welcome it explained to you because you have prayed for that help and it was delivered. Your brand of christianity seems uniquely tolerant and open, and I guess that's to be commended, but I don't think that makes it any more true than any of the variations you bemoan in your posts. The most liberal, loving, open interpretation of the Bible is still just a liberal, loving, open interpretation of a piece of ancient fiction. My "brand" is not unique or new...and your opinion of the Bible is just that.
Of course not, if that inspiration led only to harmonious living. But tolerance and understanding aren't all that we see religion teaching in the world today. In a lot of places it seems to be quite the opposite. And every athiest is your ideal person? There are more than a few athiests who believe things, and act on those beliefs, that many would consider intolerant and unloving.
No, an ideal situation is me being skeptical and you providing fool-proof reasons for me to accept your premise that there is a God. If I've prayed for the explanation, then I've already made the leap into blind faith.  If you go your entire life being skeptical of all things, do you actually have the benefit of all life's pleasures? Some religions on one side of you (mankind) are pulling you away of experiencing life and skepticism is on the other building walls. It doesn't hurt a thing to take an adventure into unexplored territory every now and then and look for the things it has to offer. It's not just an opinion. It's a logical stance. When a book is put in front of me I regaurd it as a book and nothing more. If you tell me that it's a magic book that contains the secret to eternal life, I'll ask you to prove it. And if you open it up and point to page 480 where it says its a magical book that contains the secret to eternal life, I'll politely tell you I think you're a little loopy. If you tell me that in order to prove that its a magic book, I first have to beieve that it's a magic book, I'll frown at you sternly. And if you mention that millions of people believe in the magic book as you do, it'll make me more than a little worried about the state of the world. Logically speaking...I like that take myself. I'll have to give a big thumbs-up on that reply. emoticon_xgood
The problem is that logic is necessarily based on assumptions. The assumptions of an atheist who reaches the logical conclusion that people who disagree with him have to die, will do so on certain basic assumptions, which will be as fundamental to him as religious beliefs.
These are the ones that make life worthwhile. That proves that you don't need to analyze life to enjoy it. That's good in my book. I'm adventuring into unexplored terriroty every time I walk out the door in the morning. I don't need to turn my reasoning off at any point to admire the beauty and mystery of life.  Same here! I feel that any system of belief that keeps us from enjoying life to its fullest should be illegal...emoticon_xhoho  Thanks, man. Mighty welcome.:)
evidence has little to do with actual logic.   One can reach a perfectly logical conclusion that has no basis in reality depending on the assumptions one start's with. To say that atheism or theism is illogical is simply missing the point. Atheism and theism are assumptions. One must first assume one or the other to test the theory.  One might conclude the existence or non existence of god both equally logically based on a different set of beginning assumptions.  EF
evidence has little to do with actual logic.   One can reach a perfectly logical conclusion that has no basis in reality depending on the assumptions one start's with. To say that atheism or theism is illogical is simply missing the point. Atheism and theism are assumptions. One must first assume one or the other to test the theory.  One might conclude the existence or non existence of god both equally logically based on a different set of beginning assumptions.  EF I was going to mention that, EF. Logically speaking, atheism can free the mind and logically speaking religion can save the soul. But we both know that neither is true.
We can't stop people from having bad ideas and forming erroneous beliefs, but if we take away the idea of absolute infalability that's at the core of religions, then we at least have room for real communication and problem resolution. Now you are the one saying religion but really meaning the Judeo-Christian tradition, because you know as well as anyone here that not all religions are absolutist.  Being a moral absolutist doesn't mean you aren't still a rational being.  And of course my point about atheists is relevant. To boil it down, you are making the assertion that being religious/spiritual makes you less likely to be a good person than if you were an atheist. I was simply saying that this isn't the case. Being an atheist in know way makes you more likely to be a "good person."
Logic is only a tool, and as such it's not really based on anything except the assumption that 1 + 1 = 2. If our homicidal atheist is truly reasonable, he will be able to be recognize that even his core assumptions should be subject to logical analysis. Our religious zealot, on the other hand, gaurds his core assumptions from the same analysis. If your atheist was homicidal, he obviously wasn't being logical in the first place, so your point is a bit moot.
I don't think this is right. I would say that atheism and theism aren't assumptions. They are the results that logic gives us from other, more basic assumptions.   Assumption 1: the universe operates on a purely natural, material basis. Its rules are learnable and allow us to make predictions on how it will behave.   Assumption 2: the universe as we see it is mostly natural, but contains much that is supernatural. That which is natural is knowable and predictable, but the supernatural, by its very nature, will defy natural rules.     Lets examine one of those statements to determine if it is truly an assumption or it is based on some other basic assumption. Use Item two that is highlighted in bold. You use the phrase "the universe as we see it". That right there implies a deeper assumption still. You are talking about perception. The assumption underlying that statement is that OUR perception is what is important regardless of the reality. If God existed before man, if he created all, if He is (simply put), then He is the basic assumption. Likewise with the non existence of God. If he is not (simply put) then everything else follows from that.  Either way you look at it, atheism nor theism are not logical processes. Logic is the process. That was my point.  EF
Now let's examine your examination. This is fun. :)   Remember, we're looking at assumptions that can lead one to believe in or not believe in the Christian God. So what you're saying is that your belief in God is based on the assumption that there is a God. This doesn't make sense.  You did not start your life with a belief or non belief on God. What you started with were assumptions about the nature of the universe that laid the foundation for whether you were willing to accept the idea of God. Strictly speaking, they were assumptions passed to you by your parents, but we'll ignore that for now. You assumption allowed for that which defies our understanding of nature. When you were told that there's a God, that didn't conflict with your assumption so you accepted it. That same assumption would have made plenty of room for Shiva or Zeus too, had you been raised in those environments.  I think I made an error with the "as we see it" statement. I should have just said "the universe is mostly natural...". No need to complicate things here. Perception is a whole other thread, imo. For the sake of this argument, I'll just assert that we have to be able to trust that our perception, though not perfect, is a good-enough link between reality and our brains to allow us to make and check our assumptions and not worry that we're way off the mark.     On this I agree. They are not logical processes, but logical consequences of certain starting assumptions.  Actually, I think where we differ is this. You see God as the conclusion people come to. I see God as the assumption people start with. It is not about someone's belief. I could care less. What is real is real. What is not is not.
If you'd pay attention to my post instead of avoiding it like the plague, you'd see why this is special pleading and therefore illogical.  Belief is not illogical. It is an assumption. You obviously do not understand the definitions. It has nothing to do with the process.
I would assert that it is much more likely he felt something which, when the idea of god was presented to him, made the idea of god seem more natural and intuitive.  Saying he was born with the knowledge of god, just a poorly formed idea is like saying he was born with a poorly formed idea of how to format and partition a computer hard drive. I do understand what you are saying Adept, but I don't find that to be a good analogy, and this is why: If God exists, and if God exists in all things (in other words if God is omnipresent) than it follows pretty naturally that people could feel God's presence before the "idea" of God was presented to them by others. It is different because computer hard drives are not omnipresent. :)   (If this didn't make any sense, I apologize, I wrote it at almost 4 AM. :) I'll explain more fully if need be)
I should point out that just because you say you felt God before you learned of him, this is not good evidence against our arguments (belief in God came after willingness to believe in God). This is primarily because memories, especially old ones, are volatile things that are heavily tinged with our present opinions are worldviews. Even eyewitness testimony of recent events is largely regarded to be the worst kind of evidence in trial cases.   So the fact that you recall "feeling" God as a young Master_Shake isn't a reliable argument. Additionally, by the time you were old enough to start forming lasting memories, your family had no doubt already brought you into the religious fold, so you had certain expectations of how the world should be and feel. I want to say that I was never brought into any religious fold.  Secondly, I wasn't using this as evidence for or against any argument. It is merely my personal experience. I should also point out that Sinjin is the one who brought it up, and Adept continued with it. I was merely clearing up my thoughts on the situation in response to them.
I hope you don't mind as I find your assertion remarkable.  You've now asserted that you felt something maybe because there is something to feel. You find it remarkable that I felt something and therefore I believe there is something to feel? That's pretty amazing. You must be astounded by everything emoticon_xangel
If I may, I think what she feels is remarkable is that you are able to precisely attribute that feeling to the presence of God, especially at that tender age. No one would deny that you know what you yourself are feeling. What may be remarkable for some is how you know that feeling is evidence for the existence of God. Like I said once already, I am not saying in support for any argument for the existence of God, it is simply my own personal experience. Take it or leave it. Most of you will leave it, and that's fine by me.
A belief contrary to logic by any other name would be as illogical. You fail to notice that you are committing a logical fallacy.  Perhaps I should elaborate, despite my sufficient explanation above. If you insist that any view requires an assumption, then a monotheistic view requires two assumptions: That no gods/gremlins/unicorns exist, and that God exists. These are logically inconsistent and amount to special pleading.  Logic is a process. One takes the assumptions and follows them logically. Belief is an assumption. It is neither logical nor illogical. It simply is. Logic is a process. Please understand that. This is not simply a naming convention. Words have meanings for a reason. If you want to consider it illogical, go ahead. You would simply be wrong.
Special pleading aside (and I do think electrolyte has a valid point there), don't think that your belief/assumption in God is invulnerable to logical analysis. The great thing about logic is it allows you to question the very assumptions that you start with. If I didn't know anything about the moon, I could believe/assume it's made of green cheese and is pushed across the sky by giant mice, but my assumption will be blown apart by careful observation and study. Logically, if what we know scientifically about the moon conflicts with my belief, it's that belief that we'd say is illogical. So if what we know about the universe, history and human nature tells us that there's a) no evidence for God and b) no real need to think there's one there then logically your belief in God is unfounded.  The problem is that you assume there is no evidence for a god. The truth is that there is no direct evidence of no god either. It is not testable. It is squarely in the realm of belief. The constitution of the moon is testable. Because of that, you cannot prove nor disprove it. Because of that, it is simply a base assumption based on belief.  Much like the base assumption of the definition of a point. We have a postulate which states that two points make a line. A line and a point not on a line make a plane and a plane and a point not in a plane make a 3 dimensional space. All of these things can be mathematically tested and observed except a point. The existence of a point is a mathematical assumption. It's definition is that a point has zero dimensions. Not testable, not observable, base assumption. Logic cannot prove or disprove it. It is simply an assumption.  EF
A point is a location, not a thing. The location exists, and it is described based on the axes defined around it. And the axes are defined by points. It all comes back to points. Points are the assumption.
I Beliefs should be shaped by logic, not exempt from it.    Aha! Now we are getting somewhere. I isolated this statement because it is absolutely key to the discussion. You say that beliefs should be shaped by logic. Does that mean shaped solely by logic? If so, then we have another debate. I agree that logic should be involved however, there is more to belief than just logic. If there were not then faith (belief) would have no purpose. Belief is not illogical. Logic certainly has an impact on it. However, logic is not the sole determiner of it. This is what I have been trying to say. If you are going to posit that logic SHOULD be the sole determiner then we should probably start another thread as ti goes far beyond the discussion of atheism. It would fit well in the philosophy thread.  The issue here is your assumption as stated above. This is an assumption that I do not make (provided that you mean solely shaped by logic).  It also shows even further that logic (and I agree to your definitions as logic=a set of rules and application of logic to be the process) does not DETERMINE belief. It shows clearly that you have an assumption and you base your arguments here on what you state above. You did not arrive at the SHOULD logically, you simply assumed it.  EF
The problem is that you assume there is no evidence for a god. The truth is that there is no direct evidence of no god either. It is not testable. It is squarely in the realm of belief. The constitution of the moon is testable. Because of that, you cannot prove nor disprove it. Because of that, it is simply a base assumption based on belief.   This is the full sentence of which you only quote the bold portion. Not the best grammar admittedly, but I think if you look at the rest of it the point it that you cannot prove the nonexistence of something. You cannot objectively observe the things we are talking about.  Here is evidence. The universe exists. It came into being from nothing. That God created it is as logical as the concept that it "just happened" Atheists jibe believers by saying things like "oh yeah, some fairy just caused people to exist in spite of all the evolutionary evidence".  Well either god created the universe or some fairy did or it just happened. They are all equally logical.  EF
But not comprehensive. In fact, if we lump god and 'some fairy' together as 'a supernatural being', it's our old friend the false dichotomy. Unless of course you mean 'either it is explained by the action of a god, or it is explained in some other way'; in which case it's a tautology. Neither is an example of good logic.  On edit: as an afterthought, I'm inclined to modify my second point above. A third possibility suggests itself: 'either it is explained by the action of a god, or it is explained in some other way or it is inexplicable in any terms humans could ever understand'. We tend I think to make the assumption that somehow we are 'meant' to be able to understand the universe, and it's merely a matter of persevering until we get it right. this is a very questionable assumption.  This is my point precisely. Some things are simply assumptions. Good or bad logic is irrelevant because it is simply not logical. It is a belief.  EF
I seem to not be making headway here. Nor are you folks so this will be my last post. Feel free to reply as you desire.  Logic we can agree is a set of rules. Its application is a process. I think we agree on that.   One makes assumptions then applies logic and reaches a conclusion.   I have pointed out that there are certain things which are testable.  I have pointed out that if you cannot test them, you cannot logically conclude them. You must take a leap of faith somewhere which is not logical.  My point originally is that theism nor theism fall into the realm of logic. Both require assumptions of things not testable.  Thanks for the discussion though.  EF
Do sufficient science and history in its total amount to enough evidence to conclusively disprove the existence of God? :)
God and science have nothing at all to do with each other.  God is a matter of belief. Science is a matter of sorting out facts and reality, of proof.  There is no way of proving God does or does not exist. Believe what you will as your beliefs do no harm to yourself or others. Belief and faith are not the same thing as the scientific method. "There is no way of proving God does or does not exist."  Thank you!
Depends on your definition of God. If you're talking about an omnipotent, omniscient being that works in mysterious ways, you can never prove he doesn't exist. If, on the other hand, you think God is responsible for making the sun rise, and that he won't do it if the proper ceremonies aren't carried out each day, than proving that wrong is quite doable. When I speak of God I speak of the creator absent of any earthly interpretation. :)
God the watchmaker? Even if we could explain everything that exists now as having come from natural causes there would be no way to prove that God didn't tweak things prior to the Big Bang to ensure that things could come out the way they did. At least, I know of no theories that might allow us to predict what happened before the big bang in any reasonable way. "Even if we could explain everything that exists now as having come from natural causes there would be no way to prove that God didn't tweak things prior to the Big Bang to ensure that things could come out the way they did."  Thank you!
Do sufficient science and history in its total amount to enough evidence to conclusively disprove the existence of God? :)  It's impossible to prove or disprove the existence of God
With current information, anyway. Surely if God wanted to prove his existence he could do so quite trivially.  There are other factors that can account for this: maybe He doesn't want to (assuming he's real) or maybe He has done so in the past and modern people refuse to accept earlier accounts as any sort of evidence. Certainly those accounts are there. I don't see how any of this changes that His existence can't be proven/disproven.
I think you've misunderstood me. I'm not trying to draw any conclusions from the fact the God does not seem to have decided to prove his existence. All I'm saying is that while we can't prove or disprove anything, surely God could prove his existence if he so chose.  Ok, I can agree with that.
It's impossible to prove or disprove the existence of many things; in fact an infinite number of things - Zeus, Loki, leprechauns or those gremlins that steal socks from my dryer.  Because there can never be any evidence of their existence, I put no thought or effort into wondering about their existence.  (except those theiving gremlins, I am certain they exist.)  true, but I would not put the general idea of the existence of a deified "Other" (God) in the same catagory as those things either, based on the fact that there are not billions of people who believe in their existence, and significant portions claiming to have experienced them, as is the case with God. That's not to use that as evidence for God's existence in and of itself, but to say that agreement on the existence of God has worldwide consensus, when the things you listed do not.
No. It does have enough evidence to disprove the existance of the literal interpretation of some scripture, which is different than God.   Nor, is there any evidence to prove the existance of God either. What do you think sans any interpretation by any religious texts or popular ideas?   Your own idea of God or no God.
It's impossible to prove or disprove the existence of God Is that also what you want?
With current information, anyway. Surely if God wanted to prove his existence he could do so quite trivially. Yes, it seam almost obvious doesn't it?
There are other factors that can account for this: maybe He doesn't want to (assuming he's real) or maybe He has done so in the past and modern people refuse to accept earlier accounts as any sort of evidence. That's quite a mouth full!  Why he doesn't want to?
It's impossible to prove or disprove the existence of many things; in fact an infinite number of things - Zeus, Loki, leprechauns or those gremlins that steal socks from my dryer.  Because there can never be any evidence of their existence, I put no thought or effort into wondering about their existence.  (except those theiving gremlins, I am certain they exist.) That's almost cartesian of you!  I put no thought?  Surely you think of God at some times don't you?  Phillip K. Dick fan?  Did you see A Scanner Darkly?   And did you like it?
I'm not sure what you're thanking Kronus for (or simone in post #3). All either has done is confirm that no, you can't prove god's non-existence. I infer from your gratitude that you feel that an inability to prove its non-existence makes some kind of point in favour of its existence: if so, think again. An inability to prove the non-existence of leprechauns does not make their existence any more likely either. Nothing could be farther from the truth (regarding my intentions.)
I fail to see how your "majority rules" argument is a basis for evidence of anything. Many people experience something perhaps, although we have no idea how to verify how identical these subjective experiences are, but there is no evidence that the explanation for this experience is due to an unseen god. Are we proving things by consensus now? Great numbers of people have believed all kinds of superstitious things over the years.   Who said anything about "proving" here? But like it or not, consensus really does mean something in most cases--that's why it's an important part of scientific review on matters. I didn't say it was "evidence." But it does add weight, IMO. (well, at least on any issue other than religion apparently, since that's an issue people are prejudiced toward)
To speak to the title of the thread, I don't think that science disproves god, but it most assuredly disproves a whole lot in the bible.   There goes Moose again with more of his wishful thinking. You've never been able to establish anything of the sort.  You can't even identify, with conclusive DNA evidence, the hominid you think is man's immediate, direct line ancestor.
Look. If you want to consider the world with the outlook of persons 2500 or so years ago, that's fine.  I'm looking at it today, Moose, and see a lot of fallacies in your 150+ year old Darwinism.  It is shocking, really, that we have adults today that believe in virgin births, abracadabra creations, animals two by two on a cruise and any number of silly tales, and we still allow that they are responsible members of society.  Jesus can help you with your suspect, anti-supernatural bias.  We allow people who harbor truly lunatic ideas to vote and run for office and become parents, rather than getting them into treatment.  A good number of those live in San Francisco.   If you actually knew anything, the concept of "the hominid [that is] man's immediate, direct line ancestor" is meaningless. Are you referring to my father?  I'm talking about the knuckle-dragger who long ago preceeded your modern human ancestors. Can you identify the hominid that is modern man's immediate, direct line ancestor, or not?
I guess that answers it. You are unable to identify which specific hominid / species immediately preceeded modern man. Yet you basically believe there was one. With such great faith as that, how are you able to cast stones at the Biblical creation account?
It does not. Appeal to numbers is one of the commonest argument fallacies.  This seems to be a bee in your bonnet. Religion is not being picked on here: argumentum ad numerum is a logical fallacy in any field. If a majority of Americans believe Saddam had WMDs that does not make it so; if a majority of Brits believe GM food is dangerous that does not make it so; when a majority of scientists believed in wave-bearing ether that did not make it exist. (You state that consensus is 'an important part of scientific review': in fact scientific consensus per se can never form part of the argument for accepting or rejecting a hypothesis.)  I'm talking about consensus, not argumentum ad numerum. You and I both know that consensus is an important concept in science, and a valuable part of the scientific process of accepting something. It seems you think consensus should not be allowed in religion. When billions of people agree on something, there is consensus. That's not proof by numbers, but it is important. In most fields, that would be significant; you don't seem to think so regarding religion. I call that a double standard.
They were indistinguishable as you presented them. You argued that 2.1 billion people sharing a religious belief must 'add weight' to that belief. It does not: that claim is argumentum ad numerum.  So if the overwhelming consensus among scientists is that the earth is getting warmer, that has no bearing on your thinking whatsoever regarding global warming?
The overwhelming consensus among people uniquely qualified to draw conclusions from evidence regarding global climate is indeed that the earth is getting warmer.  Why are the 2 billion Christians more qualified to draw conclusions about religion than the other 4+ billion people in the world?  Because they've had the religious experience. Frankly, they aren't just talking out of the arse. :) You may think they are because you haven't had the same experiences they have.   Why have you not acknowledged the paradox that this 2 billion to 4 billion disparity creates for your position?  Why do I need to acknowledge a "disparity"? This isn't a matter of needing a majority--1/3 is a HUGE percentage of consensus. And it's not like all of the 4 billion are atheist.  Consensus is agreement on something.
What makes their religious experience any more important that the religious experiences of non-Christians? Why are religious experiences more meaningful than other experiences, or than a lack of (religious) experience(s)?  I didn't say it was more important. But your stance seems to be that reliigous experience as claimed by religious people has NO importance. That's what I'm arguing against. It's not an issue of which is "more."  I don't think they're making it up. Nor do I think that the every one of the billions of non-Christians are fabricating their experiences. That doesn't mean that the experiences are based in reality.  True but since we can't know for sure, and people the world over are claiming it, I'd prefer to give them the benefit of the doubt, particularly since it's their business anyway. That's just me
This is my main stance for the purposes of this argument: You say that we should give these people the benefit of the doubt, but you don't give the other four billion people any benefit of the doubt.  Sure I give them the benefit of the doubt--I'm not at all against the other 4 billion making up their minds either their own way. I just wish you would give the same benefit of the doubt to religious people. It's your stance that's the intolerant one here. You're the one opposing an ideology in this discussion, not being opposed. It's religion that's on the defensive here in this discussion, not the other way around.  If you were being honest, the "consensus" (supported by two-thirds of over six billion people) would be that Christianity is false.  My original use of the consensus arguement, I believe, was not in the context of believers versus non-believers. It was consensus of Christianity in the population of relgious people.
Anyone seen the goalposts recently? They seem to have sprouted warp drive and left the planet. The issue is not whether people of any persuasion have the right or ability to make up their own minds, it's whether the existence of two billion Christians somehow lends support to Chrisitianity.  It seems to me that if it lends support to them in their minds, that's all that matters. It IS, after all, their business. From my vantage point it's you questioning their views.  So it's "intolerant" not to accept reasoning based on logical fallacies? I'm not attacking your religion, I'm countering the alleged logic you're using in trying to support your view, regardless of the fact that you can give no reason for giving significant weight to said experiences at all.  I'm not trying to convince you. If you don't want to believe what religious people say, don't believe it. No one is making you. But don't question something that is their business--I don't see why you would want to do that. it's like trying to tell Amish people there's no reason to wear 19th century clothing and drive carriages. Don't you think they know that already?? Reason isn't what's behind their descisions, nor do they feel that it needs to be. That's what's going on with religion.
Again, I believe that they believe they have experienced certain things, but I believe they are mistaken (and I have reasons to believe they are mistaken).   And therein lies the problem I have with your thinking. It presumes to know more about someone else than they do, even though they are in a better position to have seen and know the experience in question. The only reason you really have to claim religious experience is not real is that you haven't had one. Ultimately, there's no other basis you have to question it. It's not like only one person has had religious experience, or that it's an isolated incident--we're talking about something people all over the world have attested to. (You know, consensus)  If an Amish person comes up to me and explains a "reason" for wearing 19th century clothing and for driving carriages, and I can explain why this "reason" is comparable to the steaming piles his carriage power leaves behind, then I have every right to do so. Notice that I haven't attacked you for being religious, I've been focusing on rebutting the "consensus" argument.  Of course you have that right. (Now who's goalposts have left at warp speed??) I just don't see the point of rebuting something that doesn't pertain to you. But you are more than free to do it.  If you claim that reason isn't behind your religious decisions, then why did you feel the need to present an argument for them, and why are you objecting to my critique of it? If reason were indeed merely peripheral, then it seems this should be of minimal concern to you.  Because in my experience religion IS a very reasonable thing. But that's not why I or most religious people embrace it. Nevertheless it does help in helping to see that religious is good for the sake of reason as well.
Do I need to mention that people have "religious experiences" that are contradictory to other people's "religious experiences"? If religious experiences are reliable, how do you reconcile the inconsistencies in religious experiences?  That only means they aren't reliably consistent with each other. It says nothing to their validity.  So if I claim that all priests are pedophiles, then as long as you're not a priest, you're expected to shut up and let me promote that as truth?  Huh? I don't get the example/analogy. We aren't talking about people that would call others pedophiles. Well, I'm certainly not.  You'll have to reword this train wreck of a sentence for me. The best I can make out is you're saying that religion serves as support for reasoning that supports religion... (You know, 2+2=5, and since 5-2=2, I must be right.)  Sorry, I was in a hurry at the time. What I was trying to say was that even though reason is not required for religious thought (for religious people) it is still valuable. They do realize that religious can be a very reasonable thing.
When subjected to thorough instead of sporadic questioning, religious beliefs usually crumble.  Can't prove that by anything posted around here. Many have tried for ages, but they die, and the Bible lives on!
When they are contradictory, it does say something to their validity: at least one cannot be correct. How can one determine which (if any) is correct and which is/are incorrect?  I don't see that as a contradiction at all--it just means religious experience is different for each person. IMO it's still indication that God is real. Or at least I don't see how the idea that people get a different picture than each other invalidates it.  Right. If I say something about priests that is untrue, and you know that my statement is untrue, yet you're not a priest, are you expected to keep your mouth shut, since you "just don't see the point of rebuting something that doesn't pertain to you"? Of course not. So enough of the "it doesn't directly concern you" bit.  But that's just it--you don't know that it's untrue. All you know is that your experience says that it's not. Your experience says it isn't true; their's says that it is.
I can't see these "experiences" as holding any more weight than "I was abducted by aliens". If they wanted to convince me of anything they'd need something a whole lot more concrete and which doesn't sound like a night of dubious substances.  I guarantee you that if a 1/3 of the world's population started emphatically claiming they were being abducted by aliens, people would start taking those claims a lot more seriously. THAT'S the point of my whole "consensus" issue. I never said it was definitive proof of anything. And I again point out that I don't see that it matters whether or not you are convinced. You are free to disbelieve all you want. I sometimes get the impression that skeptics want religious people to try and convince them. Religious people, from what I've seen, are quite content in their beliefs whether you believe them or not.
Then you don't look hard. I'll use math for a simple example. Say person A has a religious experience that two plus two is x. Say person B has a religious experience that two plus two is y. Let reality dictate that x is not equal to y. We can conclude that at least one of the experiences is false. This is basic logic. When two experiences are contradictory, at least one is necessarily wrong. First, neither person A nor person B has any basis for thinking that his or her experience is more correct than the other's. We get two factions claiming to be right when no more than one is right. More importantly, if these "religious experiences" came from a God, then God lied to (at least) one of the experiencers.  Well you pretty much proved that only ONE can be shown to be untrue. I'd also point out that religious experience being different is not noecessarily the same as being contradictory. You're stance on this presupposes that God wouldn't allow multiple ways of religious experience.  No, basic logic tells me that at least one is untrue. Considering the sheer multitude of experiences that clash, why does any one brand of experiences get favorable treatment? Clearly, "religious experiences" aren't reliable representations of reality because so many are thrown out.  Please explain how logic renders the religious experiences of others untrue. The only thing you're pointing to here is the fact not all the experiences are the same. That doesn't prove they are untrue at all.
According to a Gallup poll done about ten years ago, about one-third of Americans do in fact believe aliens have visited Earth. Should the other two-thirds of Americans be swayed by that impressive statistic, and start to believe it too?  The very fact you're bringing that up shows it's taken more seriously due to the percentage making the claim than it would be otherwise. Again you keep trying to pretend I'm arguing that consensus = proof, and that's not what I was getting at. I'm saying consensus matters, and it does. It does add weight. I'm sorry, but ( to use an example) if you think it doesn't matter that many scientists the world over believe global warming is real as opposed to ten scientists believing it's real, you're out of your mind. No, it doesn't, by itself, prove anything though--you are correct on that. But it matters.
electrolyte wrote:  However, I insist that before you overthink the details, try to wrap your brain around the concept of entropy without relying on "disorder"; having an objective definition removes the "eye of the beholder" problem.  In your mind is entropy universal (is the universe "winding down")? Why or why not?
 The evidence seems to be that all "real" (i.e. non-quantum) interactions result in a net increase in entropy, so it would seem that the universe's level of entropy is increasing.  That's the way I see it too. Which would tend to mean the universe had a "beginning." Otherwise, total entropy would have already occurred, if the universe were infinitely old.   However, as far as I know, we have no verification that the universe as a whole is either a closed system or appropriately close to thermal equilibrium.  Theoretically, the universe as a whole should be considered a closed system, unless there's some evidence that new matter / energy is being pumped into it from somewhere else.
It seemed as if (and forgive, j, if I'm putting words in your mouth; or text under your hand :P ) he was saying that you can't discredit the existence of God, or the possibility that a particular religion has validity compared to "science", just because they don't all agree with each other.   I'm glad someone here understood my point!  ...to jyoshu. Here's the explanation: Each and every individual on this planet is uniquely qualified to interpret his/her religious experience, bar none. No one is qualifed to interpret another's religious experience validity. God can and maybe should be capable of every- and anything. That's what makes It God. God can lie. It's God, who's gonna stop It?  Contradictions only mean one thing: that there are contradictions. It doesn't show there is no God, and it doesn't devalue or make the religious experiences of billions of people any less valid. (And again, differences and contradictions are not the same thing.) The biggest problem I have with skeptics who use things like the idea that God lies or that he allows contradictions in His Bible or in religious experiences among people is that it tries to make God into the image they think he should be from their moral standpoint. If there is an all-powerful and all-knowing entity that is God, then the moral standards we are under do not necessarily apply to it. It's not that God is bad or hypocritical that he does things he might tell people not to do; it's that he is above and not beholden to any standards of morality at all. The closest analogy there is that I know of to that phenomenon is the way parents have their children bound to rules that they themselves don't have to abide by. Not a perfect analogy, but the best I can come up with for it. That God placed different experiences with people doesn't prove those experiences aren't real, it only says that they are different. Big deal.
Fine, if you'd like to believe that God lies to people all the time, be my guest. Why worship a liar? More importantly, why trust what an admittedly lying God tells you? Why insist that God chose to tell you the truth and lie to others? It is interesting to note that here we get the opposite of the typical fundie claim, because jyoshu is not a fundie. He's saying that skeptics have rational morality systems. Thanks jyoshu.  Your welcome.  Don't misunderstand; I DO believe there is a very real single way to God. Differences in understanding that are not because God has failed or lied, but because people (who have the autonomy of freedom of choice) have failed in accepting or seeking out the correct message. It seems that skeptics want there to be a God that gives people freedom, but then they criticize Him for letting people pick or misunderstand the wrong paths.   Maybe you'd like to take me up on the thread that marc abandoned? You justify God's misbehavior by decreeing Him to be exempt from misbehavior? How in the hell do you rationalize that?  The same way a parent sometimes does things that his/her kids don't understand and don't get to do.  You're the kid who's whining because his parent is doing things that you've been told not to do. Maybe there's a really valid reason (one that you just can't understand) for Dad to have the family dog killed. You're inability or refusal to understand that possibility does not dictate what the higher power gets to do. You view it as misbehavior because it looks that way from your vantage point--a VERY limited one compared to an omniscient God. If God were limited to the moral standards of mankind, He would not be God.  If someone says not to kill and kills, that is the epitome of hypocrisy, and no redefinition of morality will change that.  Are you a parent? If so, would you let your young child play with a firearm to kill the rabid dog or not? YOU certainly can, but it would be unreasonable to allow your 4-year old to do that. (The dog may not look rabid to the 4-year old, who has no understanding that dad is protecting the kid from a future event where the dog bites.) What I'm saying is that you aren't allowing for the understanding that God is all-knowing and there are issues and knowledge about things He does that we aren't necessarily privy to. That's not to say you can't criticize him, but at least know that you're doing so from your limited vantage point. Your criticisms mean nothing because He is God and there is nothing you can do about that. Do you really think it damages or reduces God in some way for you to pass moral judgement on it? Do you really think He's any less because you don't believe in him or choose not to follow Him?
What the contradictions DO show is that the different writers had different viewpoints and theologies, and therefore were not getting their beliefs via an infallible pipeline to "GOD". That fallsifies certain of the fundamentalist claims.  But Christianity is based on the principles that are unified throughout scripture. There are certain priniciples in Christianity that are consistent throughout ALL the Christian books. For instance, Paul is in agreement with the gospel writers from the gospels AND Acts about the validity of the ressurection and from Matthew through Revelation, the ressurection is a theme at various points. That is not a contradiction, it is an agreement. You're focusing on contradictions as if that matters to the validity of Christianity (which isn't based on the contradictions!). The main matters that all Christians believe are matters that scripture mostly (if not all) is in harmony on. You're arguing the exceptions over the rule here, a problem I see a lot among skeptics.  But more to you point, "Infallible" by the way, means a lot of different things to different people. Some view that term as meaning the scriptures cannot contain any error whatsoever. Others view it as a spiritual and thematic infallibility, that the Bible truly is infallible in terms of getting it's message across and serving as the Word of God. That's the view I hold to and I think it's more mainstream than the fundamentalism you criticize.
 Belief in the biblical creation account comes with a set of rules and regulations on how you and everyone else around you should be living their lives. Also believing in the biblical account stops the thought process and halts the ability to learn.  Nope, but your apparent tunnel-vision dedication to the suspect formulations of evolution obviously halt your learning about God and his ways.    Praise Jesus and let those who choose to think differently alone.  No one's stopping you. This is the religious forum, though, so if you choose to stick around you will be hearing more about all this. Your call.
On the other hand, the fact that everyone on the planet is susceptible to certain optical illusions does not make those phenomena real, or imbue our misperception with validity. Rather, it demonstrates an interesting discrepancy between perception and reality, which can itself be scientifically investigated.   Optical illusions CAN be proven as unreal, measuring light, showing differences, similiarities, etc. Religious experience can't.  Or consider our once-universal belief that illnesses were the result of 'evil spirits'. All the microscopes in the world can't prove that spirits don't exist, but through them we have observed far better candidates for the cause of our ailments. Any informed individual who persists in clinging to the wholly unnecessary contrivance of evil spirits to explain disease is rightly regarded as an idiot.  Well that's your smugly (and slightly offensive) scientific opinion. On the other hand, billions of people believe in the effectiveness of prayer in helping ailments, so perhaps by your standards there are a lot more "XXXXXX" in the world than you realize.  Similarly, religion's prevalence in a world which, whenever it is tested, behaves just as you would expect a world with no deity to behave, can be interpreted in two ways  How could you possibly know whether or not this is the case? I don't agree with this premise of yours to begin with and so I will not proceed with addressing the rest of this point of yours. in dealing with this premise, you have no way of knowing if the world behaves the same way with or without a deity, because you don't even know whether there is a deity or not.  As a footnote, it's worth observing that as science has improved our ability to model reality, so the nature of god has evolved to accommodate it. Once upon a time gods were people or entities you could meet, and who had a direct and tangible effect on our day-to-day lives. The gods who survive today cling to the possibility of existence in the vaporous, fatuous realm of the merely undisprovable, alongside the Flying Spaghetti Monster and the sentient aubergine at the centre of the earth, long may his purple majesty endure.  Wow, more condescending offensiveness on your part. Really, you're above this sort of thing and I think you'd find (as well as the scientific community in general) that this sort of rhetoric only hurts your attempts to convince religious people that they are wrong. It may be the way you feel about religion, but all I can say to the tactic is that you are dealing with things that people hold deeply sacred and dear. You might as well, for instance, be insulting people by making light of their feelings about their deceased relatives in terms of how people take this sort of things sacredly. That's what frustrates me the most by your movement--it simply tends to be, well, mean. Not in it's content and points, but in the way those points are made because it makes light of and makes fun of things that people take very dearly. I have no problems with what you're saying (other than I disagree, but that's normal debate and discourse). I DO have a problem with tactics like that and the lack of sensitivity. There's just no need to do that. With that out of the way, let me now deal with your point . . .  This is is only true in part because some gods and spirits were considered such long ago as well, and some gods today are still viewed as human (christ is one such example). They just don't view the human-god 'as being among us.' However I agree with you to some extent, at least in your observations. I don't see that as demonstrating any weakness in religion however; I don't see that it devalues religion in any way that greek thinking ("spiritual existence") and the enlightenment effected religion. In fact there is a vein of thinking in religion that would say such reasoning is a gift of God in and of itself to help us understand things better. Seems reasonable to me.  You're sort of missing the whole point of not believing in something. I don't think god is damaged by . . . . .I'm passing moral judgement on your acceptance . . . .  That's not the basis of the argument I was responding to, which is why I didn't respond based on what you're saying. In fact, the comment you're referring to wasn't a response to you at all, but someone else's post.  Do you really think the god of the fundamentalists is damaged or reduced in some way by you passing moral judgement on it? Do you really think he's any less because you don't believe in him or choose not to follow him? And this time it's not a silly question, because you're not an unbeliever.  Wow, you've really missed the point here. The point isn't that the 'god of the fundamentalists' is immoral--the point is that it's innaccurate. It's out of the mainstream of Christianity in terms of interpretation. You'd like to hold the fundie perspective up as a standard because it suits your desire to emphasize inconsistencies out-of-balance, but it's simply not. Again, it's arguing the exception over the rule.
Someone please define "fundamentalist"?   Why is someone who holds the fundamental beliefs of the Bible and Jesus as being true (a Bible fundamentalist) supposed to be out of the "mainstream"? Is that the worldly mainstream, or the Biblical / Christian mainstream?
Someone please define "fundamentalist"?   Why is someone who holds the fundamental beliefs of the Bible and Jesus as being true (a Bible fundamentalist) supposed to be out of the "mainstream"? Is that the worldly mainstream, or the Biblical / Christian mainstream?  I think that view (Jesus as being true) is more of a literalist view than necessarily a fundamentalist one. Fundamentalism and literalism isn't necessarily the same thing, because fundamentalism contains views that aren't even in the Bible (emphasis of total abstinence from alcohol, for example). Very few people these days use "fundamentalism" in the sense of 'the fundamentals' of Christianity. What they really mean with the term is the far right extreme of the religion. The term is usually defined by the stigma, not the root of the word. Fred Phelps, IMO, epitomizes fundamentalism in it's most nasty form.  That's the way I see it. If you believe that Jesus was true (in the sense that he lived, died, and rose again) you are clearly in the mainstream of Christianity on that because that's a mainstream Christian view.
  That's the way I see it. If you believe that Jesus was true (in the sense that he lived, died, and rose again) you are clearly in the mainstream of Christianity on that because that's a mainstream Christian view.  That I do believe. Those are the genuine "fundamental" Biblical beliefs. So I guess I'm "mainstream" after all!
So I guess I'm "mainstream" after all!  On that view, anyway
But this results in any experience being "evidence" for the existence of God. If I inexplicably get a strong inkling that there's no God, your logic writes it off as God trying to tell me something and that I'm just misinterpreting it.  Or rejecting it.  So I'll come back to one of my original questions: Why are "religious" experiences any more meaningful that any other experiences?  Again, the only thing we have to go on regarding this is that the people who have them claim them to be more meaningful. If that alone is not enough regarding their experiences in your thinking, then there's nothing more I can show you on the matter. However, since religion is something experienced on an individual level, I tend to lean toward giving people the benefit of the doubt, myself. I don't find the need to see people prove their religious experiences beyond what they tell me, simply because it really can't be proven or disproven either way. See, the bottom-line problem I have with your view on this is that, ultimately, it's you trying to tell people that you know better about their experiences than they themselves do, even though you've never had the experience.  Your explanation for this is unfalsifiable ad hoccery. From your above response, I'm now contemplating whether your argument is circular. You attribute these experiences, whatever they might be, to fallible human-influenced interpretation of influences ultimately caused by God.   No, not exactly. I attribute them to God, and we as humans sometimes mess things up in a.) understanding them or b.) missing the message. The equation changes to a huge degree because people have to have freedom. That's the 800 lb elephant here. If God didn't allow for people the freedom to reject a message, or to not follow it to its conclusions, then it would just be like humanity running a step-by-step computer program.   Well, I can't speak for all skeptics, but the only thing I want is to know the truth. But your statement is contradictory anyway: why would an atheist "want" God to have certain characteristics? The atheist doesn't believe in God at all!  Your response avoids the heart of what I said. Let me reprhase it then, in a way that doesn't allow you to appeal to a broader atheist stance to avoid the issue: It seems that skeptics use the possibility of a God that does not give people freedom to criticize religion, but then they criticize religion for the idea of a God letting people pick or misunderstand the wrong paths. A God who gives people freedom has to allow them to screw up.  This isn't analogous, because no parent claims to be exempt from all misbehavior. Your scenario relieves God of any standards whatsoever.  If I choose to shoot a rabid dog instead of letting someone else do it, it would be because I'm a better shot, or because I'm less likely to be injured by the gun, or somesuch. However, this is beside the point; the issue is whether it is morally right to shoot the rabid dog. If it's morally right for me to shoot a rabid dog, then it's morally right for someone else to shoot the rabid dog. It's not as if I'm saying it's morally right for me to kill someone without cause but it's not morally right for you to do the same.  No, it may NOT be morally right for someone else (your KIDS) to shoot the dog, because they may not have the maturity to safely handle the firearm. What I'm trying to get you to see here is that in dealing with an omniscient God, there are going to be factors we aren't privy to regarding what look to us like atrocities committed by God. Parents have freedoms, moral freedoms, that kids don't have. That's just the way it works.   Now I realize this isn't a perfect analogy, but hopefully it will at least show you where I'm coming from here.  This is just a rewording of the "God works in mysterious ways" argument.  Absolutely! And because God, according to religion, is omniscient, the fact He "works in mysteroius ways" is an unavoidable matter. I'm simply showing you WHY religious people hold to this view of God that He is not necessarily bound by the moral standards He sets for humanity.
I apologise profoundly for making such a thoughtless statement. I was using the 'idiot believing in evil spirits' example to illustrate how thoroughly some once-universal beliefs have been debunked without ever actually proving them untrue. People back then were not XXXXXX for believing in evil spirits; such ideas made sense in a world without microscopes. Similarly I would not today describe someone as an idiot for being religious - but that does not mean there will never come a day when the last few adherents deserve to be.  Since you bring it up, the 'effectiveness of prayer' example is particularly apt. Everyone 'knows' it works, based on anecdote and doctrine, yet its power mysteriously melts away when measured. The largest, best-controlled and best-funded study, supported by the pro-religion Templeton foundation, found that prayer had no statistical effect if the recipient was unaware of it, and actually made matters worse if they knew (possibly because of anxiety caused by thinking they needed praying for).  Ah yes. This study has been dealt with here in the forums before at length by myself and others. The problem with your intepretation of the results is this. It measures prayer in the sense of working like a drug. But prayer is nothing more than asking God to intervene. It is NOT the prayer itself that does the healing. If there are 100 people, and 1 person out of that group is affected by prayer and the other 99 are not, then prayer has worked because there is more healing than has taken place than would be otherwise. In other words, even healing, to ANY degree by prayer, means that it has been effective. So if person A is prayed for but doesn't get better, and person B is prayed for and does, then we might as well assume that prayer works even though person A didn't get better. See what I mean? In other words the fact that person A didn't get better doesn't mean that prayer doesn't work. It's a glass half empty/half full issue. So once again, skeptics are stuck with the same problem that they can't truly prove prayer doesn't work. There's really no way to truly disprove it. I'd also say there's no way to prove it's effectiveness as well, but I believe it is your side that seeks for definitive proof on this issue given that for some reason the study is often held up as proof prayer doesn't work by people such as yourself.  Were we discussing the effectiveness of a drug treatment, or a surgical operation, you would not hesitate to accept the results of such a study. Yet because this is prayer, you will apply some evasive reasoning to explain why your beliefs are still right, ignoring the fact you would be trumpeting that same study from the rooftops if it had supported your position.  You're right that I would not hesitate to agree on a study of a drug treatment; but that sort of system can't work on prayer for the reasons I just gave. Prayer is something that is hoped will work to ANY degree, so if 1 out of 99 get better in a test after being prayed for, then prayer has worked. Now you will probably come back and say that such standards of thinking 1 out of 99 being good results is absurd, and it would be if it were a drug. But we're talking about prayer where ANY degree of divine intervention would be welcome.   Nevertheless, the world as it appears to operate does not require a sentient, omnipotent overmind, and nor does any appeal to any deity appear to have the slightest effect on it. You can redefine god to make the universe require one if you like, but a god of quarks and quanta and relativity and physical constants does not imply a god of salvation and redemption and concern for human affairs, and it is that kind of god for which there is no evidence or requirement in the operation of the universe.  Again, you are making claims that you cannot possibly know for sure. From the cohesive force within atoms to the unknown of exactly how gravity works (normally called "a property of matter"), there is plenty you can't account for. And even with what IS there to account for, what's to say you aren't looking at the mechanism rather than the root? I'm quite comfortable with the idea that the laws of physics are means by which God maintains the universe. No, this can't be proven, but so what? Religion is not, nor ever has been about proof. The problem is that you view it as inferior or a weaker state of thinking as a result of that difference in emphasis. And therein really lies the root of problems between the scientific and religious communities, IMO.   It isn't me missing the point. And I think if you do a headcount you'll find that the 'mainstream' interpretation of the bible is that it's just an old book. Remember to include everyone.  Of coruse, but I wasn't talking about mainstream in the sense of all 6 billion of the world's population. I said specifically "out of the mainstream of Christianity."  You're happy to tell me, as a non-christian, that my opinion of god - my judgement of his behaviour and teachings - doesn't impact on the 'reality' of him, but when I observe that your own faith is also based upon your opinion of what the 'right' interpretation of the bible should be, that's somehow different. Thus I ask again:  Look; you keep holding up differences of interpretation like it's an issue here. What I don't think you must realize is that what I view as standard interpretation cannot possibly be questioned reasonably with any reasonable reading of the NT. There really does come a point where when someone interprets differently what is read, that it is rather obvious the interpretation is erroneous. It's not like the Bible doesn't say, for instance that Christ ressurrected. It's there, plain as day. Someone cannot reasonably read the New testament for what it says and come away thinking that the Bible doesn't mean to say Christ ressurrected. As I pointed out to Trebor recently, Christianity has been built on the unifying factors of the Bible, so it's odd to me that someone would hold up discrepancies as a sign of weakness in the religion. Like it or not, there really is sound reason to think that some things are more correctly intepreted a certain way. And these are the consistent matters of the Christian faith.  Do you think your belief that you are interpreting the bible correctly makes that interpretation more likely to be correct than the fundamentalist one? And if so, why? I firmly believe my interpretation of the bible is correct. EZ does the same. How shall we compare 'firmness'? Because I should warn you: I have weight of numbers.  Fundamentalist views are the less accurate IMO, because they deviate from what is written. For instance, a common Christian fundamentalist understanding of scripture is that a Christian should not drink alcohol. However, that's not what the scriptures say; they say one should avoid drunkenness and excess. So yes, I believe my interpretations are more correct, and I believe the reason is that mine (more the mainstream Christian one, IMO) is truer to what the Bible actually says in the New Testament.
Perhaps not prove or disprove, but I can toss in a monkey wrench that you will find terribly hard to explain. Neuroscientists have found that stimulation of a certain region of the brain induces the subject to undergo what the subject describes as a religious experience. I don't have a source handy, but I know it was mentioned on this forum, if you'd like me to locate it. Does God watch these experimenters and decide to work his mojo at the precise times that they stimulate the brain, then stop upon their cessation? That is the necessary logical consequence of your position.  I've read about it already. By that logic, then you might as well be questioning whether drugs really work as well and that perhaps drugs are being pumped into the brain at those precise times as well. See, just because one form of external stimulation is taking place (the experimenters) doesn't mean other forms of stimulation (drug hallucinations, supernatural visions from God) don't also take place. The stimulation of the brain speaks to the stimulation of the brain, and that's all!  Not at all. If we can attribute any trait to God and show that that trait results in contradiction, we have shown that there cannot be a God who has that trait. It does not show that absolutely no God exists. However, logical arguments deny God so many of the basic claims of Christianity; if the "God of Christianity" has traits a, b, c, etc., and we show that no God can have trait a (or, say, no God can have both trait a and trait c), then we've ruled out the existence of the "God of Christianity." If you want to change the traits your God possesses in order to resolve the logical inconsistencies, feel free, but you'll end up with an awfully impotent God.  I'm sorry, but I just haven't seen you do this. All you've done is take examples of "good" and say they are inconsistent with examples of "evil" that you also read in the scriptures, but there are so many problems with that method on your part that it loses it's teeth and doesn't even work. From the disregard of context, to ignoring what I've been telling you that an omniscient God would have reasons to do things we aren't privy to, you've neglected very key points. And then there's the whole issue of assuming God should be beholden to a higher standard of morality than He is to begin with. Logic is useful, but only if you consider ALL the factors.  Whether it is safe for "my KIDS" to handle a firearm is not a question of morality. Do not confuse questions of safety or wisdom with questions of morality. The question is whether shooting the rabid dog is moral. It is completely independent of the shooter.  Of course it is! Because it would be immoral for you to let them take that action if they can't handle a firearm--they might hurt themselves! But the point is that God . . . er, the parent doesn't let the kid shoot the dog but does so himself is because he/she has good reasons for doing so that the kids don't understand. Heck, the kids don't even WANT the dog killed. To them it seems downright vindictive and evil of God . . . er, the parent, to shoot an innocent dog. What kind of parent would do that sort of thing? Why, those kids might even decide they'd rather not even follow such a mean parent. And it's certainly inconsistent with all the good things the parent supposedly does! An absolute logical inconsistency to the kids.
I hesitate to go here again, but this is intriguing. How can you possibly know this? How do you know if anyone has been affected by prayer?  "there is more healing than has taken place than would be otherwise" How can you know that?  You can't. How is that relevant? I never said you can truly know in the sense of measuring it. In fact, I'd say that the fact you can't know it invalidates the study mentioned about that tried to "know" whether prayer works or not. The point here is that the study mentioned above doesn't prove or disprove anything about prayer. Whether we can know for sure that prayer heals to ANY degree is a separate debate.  Are you assuming any healing that takes place in a person who was prayed for is due to the prayer?  It might be. Again, we can't know for sure, but so what? If there's the remotest possibility of any degree of healing as a result of it, why not pray? What are you going to do, tell a parent of a terminally ill child to not bother praying when there's nothing else the doctors can do?  Are you saying: If you pray the same for two people and only one gets better we conclude 1. The person who got better did so because of prayer and prayer works 2. The person who didn't get better prayer just didn't happen to work this time, but still conclude that prayer works.  No, I'm saying it hasn't been proven NOT to work. It hasn't been disproven. I'm not out to prove prayer works. The premise set forth here by Peeling was that the study DISPROVES prayer. I'm saying that it does not. That's ALL I'm saying. You're confusing the idea of showing something about prayer is not disproven with the idea of proving prayer.
This is not what I'm arguing. You are claiming that all religious experiences are caused by God. I have given an example of "religious experiences" being caused by humans that subjects can't tell apart from "the real thing." Unless you posit that God worked in tandem with the experimenters as a resolution, why are we to assume that God is responsible for every experience? Any number of things could stimulate the brain, from drugs to food to existing neurochemistry.  Well, if a given experience wasn't caused by God, then it's not truly a religious experience, now is it? I never suggested there aren't cases where some think they have a religious experience and they might be in fact having something else. Nevertheless, that doesn't disprove that real religious experiences happen. But IMO God DOES cause all the truly religious experiences. If it's anything else, then it's not really a religious experience.   You have no evidence that God causes even some experiences, let alone all of them, so why can you argue that God causes all of them?  Well, I think if your interest is truly to disprove religious experience (and that does seem to be your goal here), you'd need to find other causes on a case-by-case basis. If someone claims a religious experience soon after drinking peyote, then I'd say there's a very good chance it wasn't a truly religious experience. But if someone claims to have had a religious experience, and no other cause can be found, then I see no problem with giving them the benefit of the doubt. But I don't see any way to make any sort of sweeping conclusive judgement that all religious experience all over the world in every case is invalid.   Contradiction is damning. You're defining God as being immune to contradiction, and your rationale for doing so is flawed. See below.  But you aren't taking into account human perceptions. You aren't taking into account what I've been telling you now for several posts that what we see as a contradiction there may be a good reason for from God's perspective. (the God-looks-evil-sometimes-argument). So in essense, you're arguing this from the perspective that God isn't omniscient at all, and that's not what religious people generally believe.  Then the parent has done a lousy job of instilling his or her kids with common sense. The parent apparently has also done a lousy job of explaining that the kid is not allowed to shoot the dog for safety reasons, not because it's morally wrong to kill the dog.  But it IS morally wrong for the KID to kill the dog. Sigh. Never mind. This is getting no where because you're now quibbling over details in the analogy. I'm going to assume that, like any normal person that you would not give a shotgun to a 4-year-old (who can't possibly really understand the situation of a rabid dog and sees it as a pet) and so I think you probably understand my point here completely, and are at this point just being beligerent. I can't imagine that you do not understand the point I'm making here.  Have a good day.
This has to be the most appalling flight from reasoned argument that I have ever encountered on this forum. Thelmoose has already asked, I think, how you could possibly know that 'more healing has taken place than would be otherwise'. Your response was a desperate dive for the bolt-hole: 'Ah, well, neither side can know, so that makes both positions just as invalid. Phew.'  Sadly, we do know from the Templeton study that complications in prayed-for heart patients arise at the same rate as non-prayed-for patients: in other words your one in 99 'responding to prayer' is at least matched by those 'responding to absence of prayer'.  I think you guys misunderstood me somewhat, as you seem to be responding like Thelmoose. I wasn't trying to claim that as proof that prayer works. I was saying that the study in no way disproves prayer, because for people that pray, ANY amount of improvement post-prayer is more than there would be otherwise. I'm not saying that the 1 in 99 is definitely from being prayed for, but either way that's beside the point of how the study is being used here. This isn't about whether the 1 in 99 is because of prayer, it's about whether or not the study proves that prayer doesn't work, and it doesn't prove that.  Given the added finding that patients who knew they were being prayed for suffered more complications, I have to ask what you would want your relatives to do were you (heaven forfend) to be struck down with heart disease: pray for you secretly, and have no discernable effect on your recovery; or tell you up-front they were interceding with god on your behalf, and risk tipping the scales against you.  First, I definitely question those findings. I highly doubt them, and would prefer to see how the study was conducted and the specifics of what all it entailed. But again, even if one group did get worse after being prayed for as the study supposedly claims, how does that prove that prayer doesn't work? How do we know, for instance, that the people in that group wouldn't have gotten worse regardless? Frankly, I'm surprised you guys are treating this study like it disproves prayer because I honestly thought you guys knew better than this.  For anyone who believes in prayer, they know it doesn't work like a drug. It's not a medicene. It's asking a deity to intervene--that's ALL it is. The act of prayer--asking--doesn't mean someone will be healed, and religious people generally realize this. You can't accurately measure prayer. It just doens't work that way.
I could say, I like to believe that prayer had an effect, or it makes me feel good to believe that prayer had an effect, but there is no way I could know with any degree of certainty that prayer had anything to do with it.  yes, I've already told you now very clearly that I'm not out to prove that prayer works. my post was in response to you thinking that the study DISPROVES prayer. It doesn't.   When you pray for someone or if you give them a drug, the universe still behaves the same in both circumstances. You mentioned something about the study disproving something. Science never does disprove anything, nor can it. It can't prove anything for that matter. The basic premise of an interventional study such as this is that the world behaves the same with or without an intervention. The intervention may affect the outcome, but it didn't alter the way the world behaves day in and day out.   you have no way of knowing if it did or didn't. If I recover from a terminal disease for unknown reasons, and it just so happens I was prayed for, there's no way you can know for sure that the world, in that way, would have behaved the same way without the prayer (OR with it). See, you can't measure that. You'll never be able to show me conclusively that the world behaves the same regardless of prayer because you've got no way to know if it would have turned out differently had I not prayed.   The average number of healings in one group was no different than the average number of healings in the other, statistically speaking.   But again, because you have no way of knowing how things would have turned out for the group that WAS prayed for had they not been, those stats don't really mean anything here.  Well, I was going to include the special pleading bit, too, but johnhanks beat me to it. Regardless... Put these two ideas together in the way you don't want to: The study in no way disproves prayer, because ANY amount of increased difficulty post-prayer is more than there would be otherwise. How do we know, for instance, that the people in the group that got worse wouldn't have gotten better without prayer? It is equally "logical" based on your reasoning to come to this conclusion as it is to come to yours.  I agree, it could go either way (or neither). But I'm not the one out to prove/disprove anything here.
I think we might be at impasse here. To a rationalist this statement is self-defeating and plainly flawed: we can never know how much improvement there would have been otherwise, and the probability that prayer has lowered it is, in the absence of contrary evidence, as great as the probability that it has raised it. (Both will centre on zero.)   Actually, that's exactly what I'm saying you can't disprove prayer. "we can never know how much improvement there would have been otherwise" is dead on.
I found this pretty funny. Even though it is pretty sexist, its was amusing nonetheless. I don't see a reason why eve couldn't come first though.   EVE'S TALK WITH GOD "Lord, I have a problem." God asks, "What's the problem, Eve?" "I know that you created me and provided this beautiful garden and all of these wonderful animals, as well as that hilarious comedic snake, but I'm just not happy." God replies, "And why is that Eve?" "Lord, I am lonely, and I'm sick to death of apples." "Well, Eve, in that case, I have a solution. I shall create a man for you" "Man? What is that Lord?" "Man is a flawed creature with many bad traits. He'll lie, cheat and be vain; all in all, he'll give you a hard time. But he'll be bigger, faster and will like to hunt and kill things. I'll create him in such a way that he will satisfy your physical needs. He will be witless and will revel in childish things like fighting and kicking a ball about. He won't be as smart as you, so he will also need your advice to think properly." "Sounds great," says Eve, with ironically raised eyebrows, "but what's the catch Lord?" "Well" says God... "you can have him on one condition." "And what's that Lord?" "As I said, he'll be proud, arrogant and self absorbed, so you'll have to let him believe that I made him first. And it will have to be our little secret......... you know, woman to woman."  
That is very sexist. It is sad that you are ashamed of being male.  Well, actually, I did find it funny even though I'm a male (or at least, I think I am?)...probably because it's a joke and I know I'm not like the stereo-typical male so I can laugh at them.   PS, I'm so unique because I'm so humble and would never brag about my bulging muscles, manhood and amazing intellect.
Oh Good Grief! It sounds very like you are extremely unsure of your manhood to be so threatened by a funny little story.  be quiet simone, if it made fun of women you'd be all over it.
Haha, I thought the joke was funny but the post replies are even funnier!
Women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries. I've just gotten tired of it--and righteously so.  It's interesting that you mention this because this was actually prophesied right from the beginning by God. Down through the centuries, women have been mistreated and often considered to be second-rate humans. This is because of imperfection, an imperfection that God could foresee:  "Your craving will be for your husband, and he will dominate you." (Genesis 3:16)  Obviously men are not without blame too, but ultimately, due to disobedience to God, both Adam and Eve have had to pay the price and so have their offspring.
Guilt is a wasted emotion. Save the sermon.  Feeling a bit guilty are we?emoticon_confused   It's a religious thread, I'm allowed to teach/preachemoticon_xangel
Women have been denigrated and made fun of for centuries. I've just gotten tired of it--and righteously so.  haha, so because of this you should make fun of men and not women? That makes no sense but I figured you'd say this.
You are "allowed" to preach and teach (and they are decidedly not the same thing), but who wants to hear it? If you have an intelligent thought to share, by all means. If it happens to be enlightening, then you have taught someone; but that remains to be determined by the recipient of the information, not the giver. If your presumption is to teach, that assumes an unwarranted superiority on your part.  But preach? Why would you want to go and do a rude, condescending and egotistical thing like that?  Are you trying to emulate EZ?  Maybe you should emulate Jesus, Moose, and preach the Gospel like he and Billy Graham have done, instead of spewing out more worthless Michael Moore drivel that will never get anyone to heaven.
Maybe you should emulate Jesus, EZ, and preach the Gospel and to Hell with the rest of that book.  I do and have, but it's usually lost on the spiritually challenged.
Jesus was pretty cool (if he existed.)  Lol, and you call yourself a Christian???emoticon_confused   I don't think so
Most of your venom is accompanied by OT and "Letters" references.  Have some more Michael Moore Kool Aid. You'll feel better.
I am not a Christian. Whatever gave you that idea?  nevermind.
My, how revealing.  Translation: we let you work and we let you vote, even though you let us down ('This is because of imperfection ...'); so even though 'men are not without blame too', the Fall is mainly your fault, so accept your inferior status and PIPE DOWN!  Now, any guesses as to what organs thinking_person thinks with? Clue: they're not above his waist.  Actually, I have no problem with woman. I think that want Simone is ranting on about is simply sad. I'm merely fighting back because the only in-equality in this thread is against men. By the way, both sex's are imperfect, not just men. Woman are doing more than voting and working, they're fooling around, getting drunk, etc just as intellectual men do LOL. Give me an example of where woman are made to feel inferior today (apart from in the East)?
 emoticon_xdonno Wow, that's quite a vulgar and insulting post, even for you.  Well actually, it was supposed to be humorous, as well as putting a point across, not just insulting.
ROFL! That was the greatest comeback I've ever seen here! And it's totally true.  Well, since they're all "liberated" now they can start their own churches. If they feel inferior, then, it's their own fault.   And you can fund them.
ROFL! That was the greatest comeback I've ever seen here! And it's totally true.  Translation =   Yeah you go girl...whahoo, power to the woman! Maybe we can meet up later tonight and have some fun...I have a great selection of strap-ons...  Just kiddn!  Hmmm, well you got me there, I counted and I got to zero, maybe you should encourage more woman to become preists? It still doesn't prove your point though; just because 0.0005% of the female population have a hard job becoming preists doesn't mean that woman (in general) are being treated as lesser human beings. If you're going to play that game, hmm, lets see, how many men compaired to woman are there of:[*]Flight stewards[*]Child carers[*]Nurses[*]Teachers[*]Social Carers[*]Canteen Staff[*]Beauty Theropists[*]Hair Dressers[*]Wedding planners Etc etc  Or maybe take for example going shopping, how many male lines of clothes, shoes, cosmetics etc are there compared to womans?  Yeah, I think we men have reason to protest about all this inequality.  I totally don't have anything against woman (just the few that moan all the time), dont get me wrong (I get on better with woman than I do men), but I get tired of the SMALL percentage of woman who still moan etc nowadays. Believe me, I'd hate to be in a room full of femanists! LOL. If they ruled the world there'd be no men left. They'd cut off guys balls, and genetically engineer them to get pregnant etc. LOL
Now you are clutching at straws. Set aside, for a moment, the abundance of male flight stewards, teachers, nurses, social workers, hairdressers etc. which renders your use of those examples risible. Set aside too the low social status and poor financial rewards associated with the jobs you have listed. You are still ignoring the crucial distinction between professions that few of one sex choose to enter and a vocation that proactively forbids one sex from entering it.   You've got to be joking, you think that those jobs don't pay well (except nurses, teachers and canteen staff)??? I think you'd be best researching that one. My girlfriend is training up to become a profesional child carer and she knows that the wages are going to be somewhere in the region of 10 / hour. And you think that they have a lower social status? That's maybe true for canteen staff but not the rest LOL.  Most of my above quoted female dominated jobs get anywhere in the region of 6.50 - 12 per hour ($12 - $24 per hour).   And I don't think you'd look down your nose at a Flight stewardess, Teacher, Beauty Theropist etc.  These jobs may not dis-allow men joining them but how many staight men feel comfortable in an environment like this? Not many. Is it easy for a man to join a job which has so much prejudice agaisnt men?  Please quote jobs which dis-allow woman for no good reason...  The fact that Catholics can't justify not making woman preists still doesnt mean that woman are being oppressed nowadays. You should try living in the middle ages.
Peanuts. You'll never get rich babysitting.  Please don't speak unless you know about the subject, un-profesional babysitting may not pay very well, but qualified (degree) childcare does. There are more jobs in Childcare than just domestic "nannying".
What seems a good salary to you now won't always.  LOL, i gues you're rich then? If I'm earning 12+ ($24)/hour then I'd deffinately be happy.  Although the point I was trying to make wasn't about how much woman can earn compared to men; the rich jobs (e.g. working online etc) are just as available to woman as they are to men.
All I have to say, if Eve came first good for her that Adam had a lot of stamina.   I hear that some women are perpetually unsatisfied.
Oh Gad! Trebor! What a bit of self-puffery!  Implying, of course, that you never have that problem.  I think it's called sarcasm/humour. I have that problem now...only cause I've put on about 3 stone (40lbs) in the past year...but you know, before that I was an all nighter stud with a six pack. (joke, it was more like 4 hours per time...ahem).    See what I mean? I do much better than that and can't buy a home where I live.  Ah, I see what you mean now. The confusion's simply because of different areas we live in. I live way up in the north of Scotland and the cost of living here is way lower than, say, London. You can buy a large 3 bedroomed house up here for the price of a one bedroomed flat in london. I don't know where you live, but your wages are obviously higher than here. I remember my parents saying that when they went to New York on holiday the locals thought they were poor when they told them thier salary LOL.  In your area the wages of say a Nursary Nurse will be higher than 12/hour to make up for local area inflation.
Oh Gad! Trebor! What a bit of self-puffery!  Implying, of course, that you never have that problem.  There could be many reasons for that.....
Not really. In my area you either aim higher or suffer the consequences.  Well stuff living there then LOL
You get what you pay for. Don't knock the "City of Angels" if you haven't lived there.  I lived there. Lots to do but 40 miles of endless concrete and traffic jams on the Santa Ana Fwy, not to mention the wierdos on Sunset Blvd., the haze that takes to 11 AM to burn off, the earthquakes, high housing prices, gangs, what seemed like 2 million people at Huntington Beach, and a hundred other aggravating things. Good to be gone from there...
You get what you pay for. Don't knock the "City of Angels" if you haven't lived there.  I lived there. Lots to do but 40 miles of endless concrete and traffic jams on the Santa Ana Fwy, not to mention the wierdos on Sunset Blvd., the haze that takes to 11 AM to burn off, the earthquakes, high housing prices, gangs, what seemed like 2 million people at Huntington Beach, and a hundred other aggravating things. Good to be gone from there...  LOL, yeah, sure does sound like a city of angels. Wish I lived there.  Personally, I preffer the quiet tranquility of my area, it's just not my "cup of tea" to be where you are; not saying that my area is better...but it is (joke)
I think Scotland is fantastic. I greatly enjoyed my time there.  I'm glad you think so! It can be boring at times but you can't have it both ways (i.e. the fast life, and the slow), unless you travell to the cities (e.g. Endinborough). But in the end I would rather raise a familly in a more peacefull environment (where crime rates etc are generally lower).:)
(e.g. Edinburgh) Glasgow's the only city I visited but Skye is one beautiful island.http://images.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://website.lineone.net/~trotternish/mehquiraing.jpg&imgrefurl=http://website.lineone.net/~trotternish/scenery.html&h=199&w=296&sz=30&hl=en&start=64&tbnid=fJThNkG2hqlZvM:&tbnh=78&tbnw=116&prev=/images%3Fq%3DIsle%2Bof%2Bskye%26start%3D62%26ndsp%3D20%26svnum%3D10%26hl%3Den%26lr%3D%26sa%3DN  That's funny, you know the spelling better than me (the city in my own country)...there goes any credibility to any of my other posts...LOL  Nice pics by the way, shame all of Scotland doesn't look like that. The highlands do look like some of the hillside pics on that link though. I live about 30 miles away from them, in a little town called Forres.
http://www.forres-net.co.uk/  looks pretty.  That's such a coincidence you linked to my town because in this picture (http://myweb.tiscali.co.uk/bridgeford/forres/Photos/gallery_Town%20Square.jpg) from the Forres website are my fiancee's aunt and friend! They were at the bank checking their balance when the photo was taken (without thier knowledge). With over 9,000 inhabitants in Forres, it was deffinately a surprise to see them on there! LOL  Ps, the Market cross in the above picture I linked is in the Forres high street...which is absolutely heaving with people as you can see...hehe.
What? Nae crime in Scotland?  Oye! Lad! Be ye not kepin yourn ear to the wall in the dead of nacht when the loobies roam?  I didnae say there wis nae fechtin in oor bonnie wee Scotland, fit a meant wis that there's looer crime. Aright jimmy? LOL  Ye should go tae Glasgae, they'll show ye whit a Glasgae kiss is (HEHE).  PS, we dinnae spek like that nae mare, alright hen?
I didnae say there wis nae fechtin in oor bonnie wee Scotland, fit a meant wis that there's looer crime. Aright jimmy? LOL  Ye should go tae Glasgae, they'll show ye whit a Glasgae kiss is (HEHE).  PS, we dinnae spek like that nae mare, alright hen?  Translation:  I didn't say there was no fighting in our lovely Scotland, what I meant was that there's lower crime (e.g. than most parts of America). Alright Jimmy? (Alright Jimmy = Scotish saying)  You should go to Glasgow (in Scotland), they'll show you what a Glasgow kiss is (Glasgow has a lot of rough areas and the Glasgow Kiss is a head butt)  Ps, we don't speak like that no more, alright darling? (you are quoting very old Scotish dialogue there).  LOL
It does seem that the only group you're allowed to laugh at in our overly PC society (in the UK at least) is the white male. This worries me slightly because those who get insecure about this sort of thing, can be tempted to move towards far right activism.  I don't personally think that sexism is a thing that should be condoned or endorsed, but I do find that some people have become sensative to the point of stupidity. I laugh at jokes about overweight football supporters (which I am), as much as I laugh at blonde jokes, or jokes about Englishmen, or anyone else. I don't think there is a problem with joking like that, as long as that's all it is. The moment people seriously believe that one sex is inferior, then trouble arrives.  How do you confuse an Englishman?  Put three spades against a wall, and tell him to take his pick... :)    I am seriously offended by that joke, you'll be hearing from my attorney!  Very true (only us pushover white men can get poked fun at). I get carried away sometimes, but only because I can't stand people getting so uptight about so called "sexist" issues...I love to wind people up you see, and woman are the best for that (hehe).  Ps, I've had many a wallop over the head from my fiance's handbag as a result of some of the posts I've made here LOL
Simply put, the majority of Christian teaching today differs a lot from when Jesus started it. In fact, I'd go as far as saying that the majority of so-called "Christians" today are an insult to Jesus. Jesus used the bible when speaking to his people and he condoned it. Therefore, as Christians you have to follow ALL the bible. Not just pick and choose which bits you like. Christendom today gives true Christians a bad name, it is false worship. Take a look at these examples of "Christians" that go against what the bible teaches:  The Roman Catholic Church permits the worship of Jesus' mother marry. This tradition has PAGAN origin (http://bupc.montana.com/whores/marywors.html) and was not part of the Christian faith. Even worse, the bible condemns any worship that isn't directed at God - Deuteronomy 5:9; 6:13 (Jesus himself refered to this scripture when the devil was trying to temp him). One of the ten commandments strictly forbids worshipping anything other than God (Idolatry).  Plenty religions permit idolatry, which is a great defiance of God's word - "You must not have any other gods against my face. You must not make for yourself a carved image or a form like anything that is in the heavens above or that is on the earth underneath or that is in the waters under the earth. You must not bow down to them nor be induced to serve them."-Ex. 20:3-5. And here are plenty other scriptures not permitting idol worship: Rom. 6:14; 1#Cor. 6:9, 10; 10:7, 14; 2#Cor. 6:16; Gal. 5:19, 20; 1#John 5:21; Rev. 21:8; 22:15.  What do you define as idol worship?  "The giving of absolute devotion and ultimate trust to something that is not God; immoderate attachment or veneration for something; respect or love that approaches that due a divine power."-Webster's Third New International Dictionary.  Do you not see church members bowing down/praying at pictures, statutes, shrines etc?  Christmas  Christmas is the biggest joke of Christendom. Christmas didn't get it's origin from the bible or early Christians. Jesus never once said to celebrate his birth, yet he did say to celebrate his death (i.e. what his life accomplishment has achieved) through a memorial, or "Lords supper" (this is a serious comemoration that doesn't need any showy displays) - "Now as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and broke it, and gave it to the disciples and said, 'Take, eat; this is my body.' And he took a cup, and when he had given thanks he gave it to them, saying, 'Drink of it, all of you; for this is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins.'" On that occasion Jesus also commanded, as reported by the apostle Paul: "Do this in remembrance of me." Matt. 26:26-28; 1#Cor. 11:24  To say that Christmas is Christian just goes to prove you don't know anything about it's origin. It started from the Winter Festivals which was a period where cultures celebrated the "rest period" (agricultural activity was put on hold during the cold seaon). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_holiday_season This in itself is a direct contradiction of the belief that Jesus was born at Christmas - would sheperds have been out looking after the sheep (as in the Nativity)? The idea that Jesus was born at Christmas was simply made up.   Another reason why Christmas isn't Christian is it's pagan attributes Yule and Saturnalia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas Christians are to shun paganism.  ...There are plenty other things I could say about how the majority of todays "Christians" go against the bible and Jesus but my fiancee is going to kill me if I don't get off this computer!emoticon_xkillemoticon_frazzled
Simply put, the majority of Christian teaching today differs a lot from when Jesus started it. In fact, I'd go as far as saying that the majority of so-called "Christians" today are an insult to Jesus. Jesus used the bible when speaking to his people and he condoned it. Therefore, as Christians you have to follow ALL the bible. Not just pick and choose which bits you like. Christendom today gives true Christians a bad name, it is false worship. Take a look at these examples of "Christians" that go against what the bible teaches:  The Roman Catholic Church permits the worship of Jesus' mother marry. This tradition has PAGAN origin (http://bupc.montana.com/whores/marywors.html) and was not part of the Christian faith. Even worse, the bible condemns any worship that isn't directed at God - Deuteronomy 5:9; 6:13 (Jesus himself refered to this scripture when the devil was trying to temp him). One of the ten commandments strictly forbids worshipping anything other than God (Idolatry).  Plenty religions permit idolatry, which is a great defiance of God's word - "You must not have any other gods against my face. You must not make for yourself a carved image or a form like anything that is in the heavens above or that is on the earth underneath or that is in the waters under the earth. You must not bow down to them nor be induced to serve them."-Ex. 20:3-5. And here are plenty other scriptures not permitting idol worship: Rom. 6:14; 1#Cor. 6:9, 10; 10:7, 14; 2#Cor. 6:16; Gal. 5:19, 20; 1#John 5:21; Rev. 21:8; 22:15.  What do you define as idol worship?  "The giving of absolute devotion and ultimate trust to something that is not God; immoderate attachment or veneration for something; respect or love that approaches that due a divine power."-Webster's Third New International Dictionary.  Do you not see church members bowing down/praying at pictures, statutes, shrines etc?  Christmas  Christmas is the biggest joke of Christendom. Christmas didn't get it's origin from the bible or early Christians. Jesus never once said to celebrate his birth, yet he did say to celebrate his death (i.e. what his life accomplishment has achieved) through a memorial, or "Lords supper" (this is a serious comemoration that doesn't need any showy displays) - "Now as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and broke it, and gave it to the disciples and said, 'Take, eat; this is my body.' And he took a cup, and when he had given thanks he gave it to them, saying, 'Drink of it, all of you; for this is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins.'" On that occasion Jesus also commanded, as reported by the apostle Paul: "Do this in remembrance of me." Matt. 26:26-28; 1#Cor. 11:24  To say that Christmas is Christian just goes to prove you don't know anything about it's origin. It started from the Winter Festivals which was a period where cultures celebrated the "rest period" (agricultural activity was put on hold during the cold seaon). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_holiday_season This in itself is a direct contradiction of the belief that Jesus was born at Christmas - would sheperds have been out looking after the sheep (as in the Nativity)? The idea that Jesus was born at Christmas was simply made up.   Another reason why Christmas isn't Christian is it's pagan attributes Yule and Saturnalia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas Christians are to shun paganism.  ...There are plenty other things I could say about how the majority of todays "Christians" go against the bible and Jesus but my fiancee is going to kill me if I don't get off this computer!emoticon_xkillemoticon_frazzled  Be careful to differentiate between teachings and ritual.  Don't get too hungup on in essentials. Yes in all probability Jesus didn't get born on Christmas day and the early Church Fathers hijacked pagan festivals. But then no-one knows when Jesus was born so pick your date.  Idol worship etc will get well caught up on semantics as to whether you are worshipping what you are pleased to call an idol or wheter the worship is directed at the Supreme Being with the Icon merely there as a focus.  The New Testament part of the Bible was created centuries after Jesus' death so he could only have used the Old Testamnet as it was then written. What is in, should be in should not be in the Bible has lead to endless speculation both amongs Jews and Christians.  However concentrate on Jesus' teachings (at least as reported) they are the core of Christian faith. Thereafter it is a matter of speculation and interpretation
Majority of Christianity is FAKE   Be careful to differentiate between teachings and ritual.  I agree with some of what you've said, however I feel though that I have differentiated between what is teaching (from the bible) and what is custom/ritual. For example, Winter Festivals are ritual/customary/tradition, whereas Christ's memorial is teaching. Jesus himself said that we need to distinguish the difference between customs and bible truth. But if the rituals etc are in direct violation of the bibles teachings (e.g. Paganism) then Christians should be no part of them. Jesus condemned the religious leaders (who were mostly Pharisees) of his day for following traditions more so than biblical teaching -   Then there came to Jesus from Jerusalem Pharisees and scribes, saying: "Why is it your disciples overstep the tradition of the men of former times? For example, they do not wash their hands when about to eat a meal." In reply he said to them: "Why is it YOU also overstep the commandment of God because of YOUR tradition? For example, God said, 'Honor your father and your mother'; and, 'Let him that reviles father or mother end up in death.' But YOU say, 'Whoever says to his father or mother: "Whatever I have by which you might get benefit from me is a gift dedicated to God," he must not honor his father at all.' And so YOU have made the word of God invalid because of YOUR tradition.(Matt. 15:1-6)  Now the Pharisees and some of the scribes that had come from Jerusalem gathered about him. And when they saw some of his disciples eat their meal with defiled hands, that is, unwashed ones- for the Pharisees and all the Jews do not eat unless they wash their hands up to the elbow, holding fast the tradition of the men of former times, and, when back from market, they do not eat unless they cleanse themselves by sprinkling; and there are many other traditions that they have received to hold fast, baptisms of cups and pitchers and copper vessels;- so these Pharisees and scribes asked him: "Why is it your disciples do not conduct themselves according to the tradition of the men of former times, but they take their meal with defiled hands?" He said to them: "Isaiah aptly prophesied about YOU hypocrites, as it is written, 'This people honor me with [their] lips, but their hearts are far removed from me. It is in vain that they keep worshiping me, because they teach as doctrines commands of men.' Letting go the commandment of God, YOU hold fast the tradition of men." (Mark 7:1-8)  What is in...the Bible has lead to endless speculation both amongs Jews and Christians.  This is true, however I am arguing from a Christian standpoint, I'm saying that a lot of Christians nowadays are hypocritical.  But then no-one knows when Jesus was born so pick your date.  The fact of the matter is that Jesus didn't command his disciples to celebrate his birth, no-where in the bible does it say so. It's not important when Jesus was born. We are told by Jesus to "remember" his death (and all that it stands for), which falls on Nisan 14th...same day as the Passover was celebrated. Concerning the day of his death as reckoned on the Gregorian calendar, astronomical calculations show that there was an eclipse of the moon on Friday, April 3, 33#C.E. (Julian calendar), which would be Friday, April 1, on the Gregorian calendar. (Oppolzer's Canon of Eclipses, translated by O.#Gingerich, 1962, p. 344) Eclipses of the moon always occur at the time of full moon. This evidence strongly indicates that Nisan 14, 33#C.E., fell on Thursday-Friday, March 31-April 1, 33#C.E., on the Gregorian calendar.   ...or whether the worship is directed at the Supreme Being with the Icon merely there as a focus..  This is simply condemned by the bible...why build an icon in the first place? You don't need such things to pray to God, or worship him.
When times are hard and people just can't seem to grasp the Word of God anymore, then they reach out for something they can grasp.  For example, if someone gets snakebit, they automatically think to go to a hospital to get antivenom. It works, they heal, good times again. That's the natural way of handling that situation.  When someone gets bit by sin, they look for a "natural" antivenom, when all these years the Blood of Chirst has already been given. Wasn't enough, though - couldn't see, hear, touch, or taste it...naturally.   Hmmm - good post.
The New Testament part of the Bible was created centuries after Jesus' death.....   Are you talking about the Canon or when they were actually written? Even many liberal theologians concede a first century date for the majority of the NT. Here's some scholarly opinions on when it was actually written:  Scholars Date New Testament  http://www.errantskeptics.org/DatingNT.htm  Matthew  Larry Chouinard, Ph.D. Likely after AD 70 W.D. Davies, D.D. AD 80 to 100 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably between AD 60 or 65 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80  Davies Professor of New Testament and Biblical Greek at Duke University David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 50 to 55, yet 40 to 60 is possible. Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 75 to 80 Professor of New Testament at The Catholic University of America, Past President of the Society of Biblical Literature Chair of the Synoptic Studies Division of SBL. Author of the 2 Volume Commentary on Luke in the Anchor Bible Series. A well-known and leading Critical Scholar in New Testament Origins Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. prior to AD 63, yet 50 to 64 is reasonable. President, formerly Vice-Principal and Lecturer in New Testament,  The London Bible College Donald A. Hagner, Ph.D. pre AD 70 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 63-66 Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85  Professor of New Testament at Drew University Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 70's , although this date is not certain. Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 80 to 100  Late Professor of New Testament at Marburg, Germany  Bruce Metzger, Ph.D AD 75 to 85  Professor of New Testament at Princeton University  Chair of the Editorial Board for the UBS and Nestle-Aland Greek New Testament. Senior Editor for the New Testament of the NRSV Translation Team. (Considered THE Dean of Textual-Critical studies today [since Aland's death])  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62  Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80  Professor of New Testament and Christian Origins, Duke University (Neither Mark, Matthew, or Luke show ANY sign of knowing of ANY of the events following 90 AD, hence they were written before 90.) Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Prior to the mid 60s Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80 Retired Professor of Greek and New Testament, Cambridge University Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 80  Professor of New Testament and Christian Origins, Southern Methodist University (Dr. Tyson is one of THE leading scholars in Luke-Acts, and is Chair of the Luke-Acts Division of the Society of Biblical Literature)  J. Wenham, Ph.D. AD 40  Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 70 to 80 Professor of New Testament at The Episcopal Theological Seminary  G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), sometime after Mark which is dated the MIDDLE of AD 70 to 135 in Did Jesus Exist?, 1986 G. A. Wells, after AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, p. 11  G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. AD 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71  Mark  Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 65 to 68 Allan Black, Ph.D. early AD 60's Raymond E. Brown, Ph.D. AD 60 to 75, most likely between AD 68 & 73 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably about AD 63 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 65 to 70 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 66 or 67 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 60 to 70 Robert A. Guelich, Ph.D. AD 67 to 70 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 40 to 65, with the earlier date favored. Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 70 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 64 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 70 William L. Lane, Th.D. AD 60 to 70 Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 65 to 75  M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 68 N. Perrin, Ph.D. after AD 64/65 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62 Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 65 to 70 Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Before AD 62 Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany  Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 60 to 70 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 70 AD J. Wenham, Ph.D. AD 45 Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 65 to 70 G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), the MIDDLE of AD 70 to 135 in Did Jesus Exist?, 1986 G. A. Wells, about AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, pp. 11 & 107 G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. A.D. 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71. G. A .Wells, not earlier than AD 90 in The Jesus Myth 1999, p. 17  Luke  Mark C. Black, Ph.D. AD 65 to 85 Believer's Study Bible, A date of A.D. 59-61 is most probable. Hans Conzelmann, Th.D. AD 80 - 100 for Luke-Acts, with a likely range of AD 80 - 90 Professor of New Testament at Gottingem, ThD from Tubingen (Yet again, the recognized HEIGHT of European liberal Bibliccal-Critical Scholarship) Author of one of THE BEST Critical, Academic Commentaries on Acts. M. G. Easton M. A., D. D., AD 60 or 63, when Luke was in Caesarea James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 75 to 80 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. Before AD 62, perhaps between 58 and 60 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 Norval Geldenhuys, Th.M. AD 64-65  Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. AD 62 to 64 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 61-63 John Holland, Ph.D. AD 68-78 Professor of New Testament at Trinity College, Bristol England Luke Timothy Johnson, Ph.D. AD 80 - 85 for Luke (perhaps a bit earlier ...  he hedges toward 75 CE at times) - Professor of New Testament at Emory  University, Candler School of Theology Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 85 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 70 to 90 Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D. After AD 66, but before 70 I. Howard Marsall, Not far off A.D. 70 Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 53 John Nolland, Ph.D. late AD 60's to late 70's J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62  Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85 Edward Schweizer, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85  Professor of New Testament at the University of Zurich (Again, about as  Critical and liberal as they come) Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Prior to AD 62 Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany  Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 75 to 80 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), after AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, p. 11  G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. AD 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71.  John  W.F. Albright, Ph.D. late AD 70's or early 80's, not after 90 George R. Beasley-Murray, Ph.D. AD 80 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80 to 95 Raymond Brown, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85, re-edited 85 to 95 Beauford H. Bryant, Ph.D. AD 85 to 95 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D., About AD 90 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 90 to 95  David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 90 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 90 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 80 to 98 B.P.W. Stather Hunt, Ph.D. pre. AD 70 Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 90 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. mid AD 90's Mark S. Krause, Ph.D. AD 85-95 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 90's Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D. between AD 75 and 100, probably 80 or 85 Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 90 Leon Morris, Ph.D. pre AD 70's J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 65  Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 85 Carsten Peter Thiede, Ph.D. Prior to 70 AD Director of the Institute for Basic Epistemological Research in Paderborn, Germany  Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 95 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 90 to 95 Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 90 G. A. Wells (Hyper-skeptic), after AD 90 in The Historical Evidence for Jesus 1988, p. 11  G. A. Wells, "I date all four Gospels at ca. AD 90," in The Jesus Legend 1996, p. 71.  Acts  Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 63  F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. It is difficult to fix the date of the composition of Acts more precisely than at some point within the Flavian period (AD 69-96), possibly about the middle of the period.  M. G. Easton M. A., D. D., AD 63 or 64 Joseph S. Exell, Ph.D. AD 63 James M. Efird, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. Between AD 62 to 64 Joseph A. Fitzmyer, Ph.D. AD 85 Dennis Gaertner, Ph.D. AD 63 Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. Between AD 62 to 64 John Holland, Ph.D. AD 68 to 78 Luke Timothy Johnson, Ph.D. AD 85 Howard Clark Kee, Ph.D. AD 85 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 70's Simon J. Kistemaker, Ph.D. prior to AD July 19, 64 Werner Georg Kummel, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 William J. Larkin, Jr., Ph.D. early AD 60's Bruce Metzger, Ph.D. AD 85 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. Acts 28:30 requires that we date the writing of this book in ad 62, a time when Nero was Emperor, and before the first Roman persecution of Christians was mounted. J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Complete by AD 62  Edward P. Sanders, Ph.D. AD 75 to 85 Edward J. Tinsley, Ph.D. AD 95 Joseph B. Tyson, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85 Edward Schweizer, Ph.D. AD 80 to 85  Franklin W. Young, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 Romans C.K. Barrett, Ph.D. A.D. 55 Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 59 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 57 Jack Cottrell, Ph.D. early AD 56, 57, or 58 James D. G. Dunn, Ph.D. most probably AD late 55/early 56, or late 56/early 57 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 57 or 58 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 56 Robert Haldane, AD 58 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. AD 57 or 58 Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D.. AD 58 J.B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. AD 58  M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 57 Douglas J. Moo, Ph.D. AD 57 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 57 1st Corinthians Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 58 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 56-57 Linda L. Belleville, Ph.D. Spring AD 54 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably AD 57 Gordon D. Fee, Ph.D. AD 54 to 55 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 54 Charles Hodge, Ph.D. AD 57 The most influential American Presbyterian theologian of the nineteenth century. He was professor of exegetical and didactic theology at Princeton. Simon J. Kistemaker, Ph.D. AD 55 Ralph R. Martin, Ph.D. AD 54 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 56 Richard E. Oster, Ph.D. AD 55 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 55 2nd Corinthians William R. Baker, Ph.D. probably AD 56 Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 58 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 56-57 Linda L. Belleville, Ph.D. late 55 AD or Fall 56 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Early AD 58 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 55 Charles Hodge, Ph.D. AD 57 Phillip Edgcumbe Hughes, Autumn AD 57 Simon J. Kistemaker, Ph.D. AD 56 Ralph R. Martin, Ph.D. Spring 55 AD 2 Cor. 1:15  Summer 55 AD 2 Cor. 2:4, 7:8 Fall 55 AD 2 Cor. 1-9 56 AD 2 Cor. 10-13 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 57 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 56 Galatians  Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. AD 57 Kenneth L. Boles, M.A. AD 50 or later  M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 57 or 58 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 48  Ronald Y.K. Fung, Ph.D. after AD 48 G. Walter Hansen, Ph.D. between AD 54 and 56 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. middle of AD 50-53 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. late AD 50's J. B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. AD 56 to 57 Richard N. Longenecker, Ph.D. AD 49 or earlier Daniel B. Wallace, Ph.D. late summer/fall of 48 CE (or 49 CE) Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? early 49 Ephesians Believer's Study Bible, A.D.60-63 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably in Spring of AD 57 or 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62  William Hendriksen, Ph.D. A.D. 61-63 perhaps in the middle of this period  Charles Hodge, Ph.D. AD 61-62 Walter L. Liefield, around AD 60 Andrew T. Lincoln, Ph.D. between AD 80 and 90  John F. MacArthur, between AD 60-62 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 62 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Caesarea AD 57-59, Acts 23-26 Philippians Anthony L. Ash, Ph.D. early AD 60's Joseph Agar Beet, D.D. early AD 63 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 60-63 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Early AD 62 or in the end of 61 Gordon D. Fee, Ph.D. AD 60 to 62, probably closer to 62 than to 60 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62 Edgar Goodspeed, about A.D. 59, or 59 and 60  Gerald F. Hawthorne, Ph.D. about AD 59-61 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. A.D. 61-63 perhaps in the middle of this period  M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 62 Peter T. O'Brien, Ph.D. AD 60-62  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Daniel B, Wallace, Ph.D. 61 CE seems most reasonable Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Rome AD 60-62, Acts 28 Colossians Anthony L. Ash, Ph.D. early AD 60's Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 60-63 Kenneth L. Boles, M.A. AD 62 F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. about AD 60 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Spring of AD 57, or as some think AD 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. middle A.D. 61-63 at least before Philippians J.B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. about AD 63 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 61 Peter T. O'Brien, Ph.D. AD 60-61 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Probably written during the latter imprisonment 1st Thessalonians Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 51-52  F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. AD 50 or less probably 51 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably about the end of AD 52 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 50-52 Edgar Goodspeed, Spring AD 50 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 50 M.S. Mills, AD 51 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 50 Daniel B. Wallace, Ph.D. Spring 50 CE John A. Weatherly Ph.D., AD 50-51 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 50 2nd Thessalonians Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 51-52  F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. AD 50 or 51 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 52 or 53 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 50-52 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 50 M.S. Mills, AD 51 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 51 John A. Weatherly Ph.D., AD 50-51 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. AD 51 1st Timothy Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 62-66, probably shortly after A.D. 63 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 66 or 67 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 62-65 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 62-64 John MacArthur, AD 63-64 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 66 C. Michael Moss, Ph.D. AD 63-66  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Autumn AD 55 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? AD 65 2nd Timothy Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 66-67 is likely M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 67 or 68 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 65 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. about AD 62-64 John MacArthur, AD 66 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 67 C. Michael Moss, Ph.D. AD 66-67  J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Autumn AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? AD 65 Titus Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 62-66  M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. AD 66 or 67 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 62-65 John MacArthur, AD 63-64 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 66 C. Michael Moss, Ph.D. AD mid 60's J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Spring AD 57 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. ? AD 65 Philemon Anthony L. Ash, Ph.D. early AD 60's Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 60-63 Kenneth L. Boles, M.A. AD 62 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Spring of AD 57, or as some think AD 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 61-62 William Hendriksen, Ph.D. A.D. 61-63 perhaps in the middle of this period  J.B. Lightfoot, Ph.D. about AD 63 M.S. Mills, Circa AD 61 Peter T. O'Brien, Ph.D. AD 60-61 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. early AD 58 Paul D. Wegner, Ph.D. Probably written during the latter imprisonment Hebrews  Harold W. Attridge, The Anchor Bible Dictionary, a general time frame, from 60 to 90 c.e.  William Barclay, Ph.D. AD 64 to 85 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 65 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. During the final 2 years of Paul's imprisonment, and prior to AD 70 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. certainly before AD 70 and possibly around AD 64 Jim Girdwood, Ph.D. & Peter Verker, Ph.D. AD 64 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. before AD 70 William L. Lane, Ph.D. AD 64 to June 68 John MacArthur, Ph.D. AD 67 to 69, and close to AD 70, perhaps as early as 65 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 68 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 67  Ray C. Stedman, probably D 67 or 68 James J. Adamson, AD 40-62 B.W. Bacon, AD 70-130 W.H. Bennett, AD 51-62 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 48-50 F.F. Bruce, Ph.D. AD 51-62 R. Bultmann, AD 70-130 J. Chaine, AD 51-62 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Probably about AD 62 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. late AD 50's, perhaps as late as 61 E.J. Goodspeed, AD 70-130 Donald Guthrie, Ph.D. AD 40-50 F. Hauck, AD 70-130 Gary Holloway, Ph.D. between AD 40 and 62 F.J.A. Hort, AD 51-62 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. on or before AD 62 G. Kittel, AD 40-50 R.J. Knowling, AD 40-50 John MacArthur, between AD 44 and 49 J. Marty, AD 70-130 J.B. Mayor, AD 40-50 A.H. McNeile, AD 70-130 J. Michl, AD 40-62 M.S. Mills, around AD 49 C.L. Mitton, AD 51-62 J. Moffat, AD 70-130 J.H. Moulton, AD 40-62 F. Mussner, AD 40-62 R.St.J. Parry, AD 51-62 G.H. Rendall, AD 40-50 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 48 J.H. Ropes, AD 70-130 A. Ross, AD 40-50 A. Schlatter, AD 40-62 H.-J. Schoeps, AD 70-130 E.M. Sidebottom, AD 51-62 B.S. Streeter, AD 70-130 George M. Stulac, Ph.D. earlier than 50 AD R.V.G. Tasker, AD 51-62 W.W. Wessel, AD 40-50 H. Windisch, AD 70-130 F. Young, AD 70-130 T. Zahn, AD 40-50 1st Peter Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 63-64 Allen Black, Ph.D. no later than AD 68 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 65 J. Ramsey Michaels, Ph.D. AD 64 M.S. Mills, circa. AD 62 AD 54-64, with a later date being more likely J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Spring AD 65 2nd Peter Richard J. Bauckham, Ph.D. AD 80 to 90 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 65-66 Mark C. Black, Ph.D. mid AD 60's David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 64 or more likely 65 M.S. Mills, AD 67 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 61 to 62 1st John Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80-95  David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 100 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 97 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Early AD 60's Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 90 to 100 Marianne Meye Thompson, AD 90 to 100 2nd John Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80-95 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 100 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 97 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Early AD 60's Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 90 to 100 Marianne Meye Thompson, AD 90 to 100 3rd John Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 80-95 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 100 M.S. Mills, Ph.D. AD 97 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Early AD 60's Stephen S. Smalley, Ph.D. AD 90 to 100 Marianne Meye Thompson, AD 90 to 100 Jude Richard J. Bauckham, Ph.D. AD 50s is plausable David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 75 Gary Holloway, Ph.D. between AD 55 and 80 M.S. Mills, AD 62 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. AD 61 to 62 Revelation David E. Aune, Ph.D. AD 95 or 64 to 70 Believer's Study Bible, A.D. 90-96 M. G. Easton M. A., D. D. Generally fixed at AD 96 David A. Fiensy, Ph.D. AD 95 Craig S. Keener, Ph.D. AD 90's Richard C.H. Lenski, D.D. between AD 93 and 96 John MacArthur, AD 95 to 96 J. Ramsey Michaels, Ph.D. AD 70 to 100 M.S. Mills, AD 95 J.A.T. Robinson, Ph.D. Late AD 68 or early 70
When times are hard and people just can't seem to grasp the Word of God anymore, then they reach out for something they can grasp.  For example, if someone gets snakebit, they automatically think to go to a hospital to get antivenom. It works, they heal, good times again. That's the natural way of handling that situation.  When someone gets bit by sin, they look for a "natural" antivenom, when all these years the Blood of Chirst has already been given. Wasn't enough, though - couldn't see, hear, touch, or taste it...naturally.   Hmmm - good post.  Very true, and thanks for the compliment.  You could also simply state that Christendom nowadays would rather say what people want them to say, rather than the truth (for the sake of making things "easier")...just like the scripture prophesied at:  2Tim. 4:3, 4 (For there will be a period of time when they will not put up with the healthful teaching, but, in accord with their own desires, they will accumulate teachers for themselves to have their ears tickled; and they will turn their ears away from the truth, whereas they will be turned aside to false stories).
Thinking Person wrote: Majority of Christianity is FALSE.  I'd say Bibilical Christianity is the truth. When people deviate from it then you have problems.  You mentioned "Christendom." Seems like I've heard that before. Are you a Jehovah's Witness? Or what denomination?
Are you a Jehovah's Witness? Or what denomination?  I was a Jehovahs Witness but I kind of swayed from it (sinned) and got myself disfellowshiped (no hard feelings on my part though). Disfellowshiping is what the early Christians used to do and is there to keep the congregation clean (it's kind of like being expelled). You can only be disfellowshiped in the first place if you continually sin or aren't showing any repentance for what you have done. If/after the "sinner" has repented of his/her sins and turned around he/she can request reinstatement, which is what I am aiming for. Even if I wasn't reinstated, for whatever reason, I would still firmly believe in their faith because they are the only religion I have known that manages to explain the truth from the bible and make sense of the world today.
Fair enough. But I do take issue with the JW's teachings that Jesus is not God / Jehovah. Here's some of the reasons in the link below.  http://www.christiananswers.net/q-eden/edn-r005.html  There's also this:  Jesus Must Be God   John 1:23 quotes Isaiah 40:3 as saying John the Baptist was to prepare the way of the LORD (Jehovah). John prepared the way before Jesus so Jesus must be LORD (Jehovah).    In Isaiah 44:8 God is the only Rock. Psalm 18:31 says, "Who is the Rock except our God"? I Corinthians 10:4, identifies Jesus as the Rock. Jesus must also then be God the Rock.   Isaiah 44:24 says that God (Jehovah) is the one who has made all things. Colossians 1:16, speaking of Christ, says that "all things were created by Him and for him". Jesus must therefore be Jehovah God.   In Jeremiah 10:10 it says "the LORD (Jehovah) is the true God". I John 5:20 states that Jesus is the "true God". Jesus must be the true God.  Isaiah 43:10,11 says that "I, even I, am the LORD; and there is no savior besides Me. Jesus is the Savior (Matthew 1:21, Titus 2:13; 2 Peter 1:1, etc., etc.). Jesus must be God the Savior.  Jehovah knows all things (Psalm 147:5). Jesus knows "all things." (John 16:30). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah alone is the only one who knows the hearts of all men. (1 Kings 8:39; Jeremiah 17:9-10). Jesus knows the hearts of all men. (John 2:24-25; Rev. 2:18, 23). Jesus must be God.  Jehovah is our sanctifier. (Exodus 31:13). Jesus sanctifies us (Hebrews 10:10). Only God is the sanctifier of men. Jesus must be God.  Jehovah is our peace (Judges 6:23). Jesus is our peace (Ephesians 2:14). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah is our righteousness (Jeremiah 23:6). Jesus is our righteousness. (Romans 3:21-22; 1 Corinthians 1:30). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah is the giver of life who will not allow His people to be delivered / snatched out of His hand (Deuteronomy 32:39). Jesus is the giver of life who will not allow His people to be "snatched" out of His hand. (John 10:28). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah's voice is "like the roar of rushing waters" (Ezekiel 43:2). Jesus' "voice was like the sound of rushing waters" (Revelation 1:15). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah is present everywhere.(Proverbs 15:3; Jeremiah 23:24; I Kings 8:27); Jesus is omnipresent (John 1:48; Matthew 18:20; 28:20). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah's nature does not change (Malachi 3:6). Jesus' nature does not change. (Hebrews 13:8).   Jehovah is the only God we are to "serve"(2 Kings 17:35); Jesus (identified as the Creator in Colossians 1:16-17) is to be served (Colossians 3:24). Jesus must be Jehovah.   Jehovah the Lord is to be set apart as holy (Isaiah 8:12b-13). Jesus, as Lord, is to be set apart as holy (1 Peter 3:14b-15a).  Jehovah's glory is not to be given to another (Isaiah 42:8). Jesus shares Jehovah's glory (John 17:5). Jesus must be Jehovah.  God's name is Jehovah (or Yahweh-YHWH - Isaiah 42:8). Jesus has Jehovah's name (John 17:11; John 16:14-15). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah is the "mighty God" (Jeremiah 32:17-18; Isaiah 10:20-21). Jesus is the "mighty God" (Isaiah 9:6) who is "Almighty" (Revelation 1:7-8).  Jehovah is "the first and the last" (Isaiah 44:6; 48:12). Jesus is the "first and the last" (Revelation 1:17-18; 22:12-13, 20). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah is the "Alpha and the Omega" (Revelation 1:8; Revelation 21:6-7). Jesus is the "Alpha and the Omega" (Revelation 22:12-13, 20). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah's title is "the Holy One" (Isaiah 47:4). Jesus is "the Holy One" (Acts 3:14; John 6:69). Jesus must be Jehovah, the Holy One.  Jehovah is the "stumbling stone" of Israel (Isaiah 8:13-15). Jesus is the "stumbling stone" of Israel (1 Peter 2:6-8). Jesus must be Jehovah.  Jehovah is the great Judge who gives life to whom he wishes and who renders to each man "according" to his "deeds" (Psalm 98:9; Deuteronomy 32:39; Jeremiah 17:9-10). Jesus is the only judge who gives life to whom he wishes and renders to each man "according" to his "deeds" (John 5:21-22; Revelation 2:18, 23). Jesus must be Jehovah.   Jehovah is the great "shepherd" who leads his people to "the spring of the water of life" (Psalm 23:1-2; Revelation 21:6-7). Jesus as the "shepherd" of His people, leads them "to springs of the water of life" (John 10:11-18; Revelation 7:17). THERE IS ONLY ONE SHEPHERD --John 10:16.  Jehovah is "Lord of Lords" (Deuteronomy 10:17). Jesus is "Lord of Lords." (Revelation 17:14; 19:16). The Father is Lord of all (Matthew 11:25; Acts 17:24). Jesus is "Lord of all." (Acts 10:36). THERE IS ONLY ONE LORD (Jude 4) .  Jehovah created the universe (Psalm 102:25-27). Jesus created the universe (John 1:3; Colossians 1:15-19; Hebrews 1:10-12). THERE IS ONLY ONE CREATOR. (Isaiah 44:24). Jesus must be Jehovah.   http://witforjesus.org/jehovahs_witness/online/tj_jcam.php#footnote2b, etc.   Cheers....
Simply put, the majority of Christian teaching today differs a lot from when Jesus started it. In fact, I'd go as far as saying that the majority of so-called "Christians" today are an insult to Jesus. Jesus used the bible when speaking to his people and he condoned it. Therefore, as Christians you have to follow ALL the bible. Not just pick and choose which bits you like. Christendom today gives true Christians a bad name, it is false worship. Take a look at these examples of "Christians" that go against what the bible teaches:  The Roman Catholic Church permits the worship of Jesus' mother marry. This tradition has PAGAN origin (http://bupc.montana.com/whores/marywors.html) and was not part of the Christian faith. Even worse, the bible condemns any worship that   I hardly think a b'hiah web site is a good source of what the Roman Catholics believe.
Where is Maximus to defend the Roman Catholic Church?  Damn it, Maximus, you know I hate it when I have to defend the Roman Catholic Church!  You don't have too. I mean, someone using a b'hai web site is defending the church with the sources they use.   Of course, I love watching EZ prove the point by arguing against it emoticon_xangel
You don't have too. I mean, someone using a b'hai web site is defending the church with the sources they use.   Of course, I love watching EZ prove the point by arguing against it emoticon_xangel  Does it really matter what sources I used, it still doesn't mean that catholics don't give the mother Marry undue attention. So you're saying that the website has it wrong?
Fair enough. But I do take issue with the JW's teachings that Jesus is not God / Jehovah. Here's some of the reasons in the link below...  Good to see you using God's real name (I'm wasn't being rude by not using it, just wanted people who are unfamiliar to understand). I can see why you believe in the Trinity (that God and Jesus are the same person) after reading those scriptures. The trinity is based on a complex set of ideas, however, this doctrine I'm afraid, didn't originate with Christianity. Like Christmas, it has deep Pagan roots, dating back to at least two centuries BC, and has been prominent in many Eastern religions ever since. It was the Roman Catholic Church and Orthodox Church Councils who brought the Trinity doctrine into Christianity. The theologians that wrote the Catholic Encyclopedia admit that there is no Old Testament indication of a triune God, and very little in the New Testament that can be construed that way. They also admit that it was a product of tradition that evolved over four centuries. The RCC gives equal credence to tradition and scripture. In this case tradition is almost the whole criteria for this dogma, aside from a few scriptures that are wrenched out of context and misinterpreted, trying to give the idea legitimacy.  If you research the history of the Trinity you'll see where I'm coming from.   The Christian Church's roots were originally from Judaism, which was, and still is, a monotheistic (One-God) religion. There is no belief in a polytheistic (Plural) God in the Old Testament. On the contrary, OT scriptures declare the singleness of God.  A lot of scriptures can be taken the wrong way. The translation of the bible into English did cause some errors. Take for example to John 1:1, in some translations, "the Word" is spoken of as being "with God" and as being "God." But other Bible translations say that the Word was "a god" or was "divine," meaning not necessarily God but a powerful one. Furthermore, that Bible verse says that "the Word" was "with" God. That would reasonably exclude him from being that same God. And no matter what is concluded about "the Word," the fact is that only two persons are mentioned at John 1:1, not three. Over and over again, all texts used to try to support the Trinity doctrine utterly fail to do so when examined honestly.  Granted, the bible does sometimes need to be interoperated, (e.g. Revelation, Isaiah are full of symbolic meaning) but the gospels are pretty much spelled out for you. No-where in the gospels does it say anything about a Trinity or that God and Jesus are the same person and most importantly, Jesus himself never ever claimed to be God. Jesus allowed people to draw the conclusion that he was the messiah, but never did he claim to be God himself.  But, someone will ask, does not Jesus state, "I and my Father are one"? (John 10:30) True, but did he mean oneness of person or substance, or oneness of work and purpose? Evidently the latter, for he said: "If I am not doing the works of my Father, do not believe me. But if I am doing them, even though you do not believe me, believe the works, in order that you may grasp the fact and may continue knowing that the Father is in union with me and I am in union with the Father." Clearly showing that Jesus meant oneness of purpose, of work, of organization are his further words in his prayer for his followers: "That they may be one just as we are one. I in union with them and you in union with me."-John 10:25, 37, 38; 17:20-23. Can you see how easy it is from this to take a scripture out of context?  Thinking of it logically, would it make sense for God to materialize into a man (thus making himself vulnerable to the wicked spirits and the devil), have himself killed and somehow raise HIMSELF back up to heaven as happened to Jesus? For one thing, God is too powerful for "man to see and yet live". Jesus is likened to God several times in the bible because of how much he knows God and is like him...as you would expect from a loyal servant who's spent thousands, if not millions of years as Gods companion. Why would the bible refer to Jesus as the son of God, if he weren't?  Throughout the Scriptures Jehovah God is repeatedly termed the Almighty God. "I appeared unto Abraham, . . . by the name of God Almighty." (Gen 17:1; Ex. 6:3; Ezek. 10:5) But his Son is merely termed a mighty one. "Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O mighty one." "And his name shall be called . . . Mighty God." (Ps. 45:3; Isa. 9:6) Jesus appreciated this distinction. In replying to the religious leaders of his day, who accused him of blasphemy, he said: "Is it not written in your Law, 'I said: You are gods'? If he called 'gods' those against whom the word of God came, and yet the Scripture cannot be nullified, do you say to me whom the Father sanctified and dispatched into the world, 'You blaspheme,' because I said, I am God's Son?" (John 10:34-36) Yes, Jesus did not claim to be The God, but only God's Son.  That Jesus is inferior to his Father is also apparent from Paul's words at Hebrews 7:7; "Now without any dispute, the less is blessed by the greater." Did Jesus bless God? No, but it was 'God who anointed Jesus with the oil of gladness more so than his partners'. (Heb. 1:8, 9) Jesus was also inferior to his Father in the matter of knowledge, he himself stating regarding the time of a certain future event: "Concerning that day and hour nobody knows, neither the angels of the heavens nor the Son, but only the Father." (Matt. 24:36) Jesus confessed: "The Father taught me," and Paul tells that Jesus did not please himself but learned obedience by the things he suffered. But, "Who has come to know Jehovah's mind, or who has become his counselor?" Yes, "Who has first given to him, so that it must be repaid to him?"-John 8:27-29, 58; Rom. 11:34, 35; 15:1-3; Heb. 5:8  Why didn't the early Christians believe in the Trinity? Should you not read what Jesus and his disciples had to say first, and then decide what was implied? Rather than have a belief first and try to fit it around what they say?   The very fact that the Son received his life from the Father proves that he could not be coeternal with him. According to the Scriptures, Jehovah God, the great Father and fountain of life, has always existed. "From everlasting to everlasting, thou art God." (Ps. 36:9; 90:2) But the Son received his life from his Father: "I live because of the Father." (John 1:18; 6:57) Clearly Jesus owed his existence to God; but God owes his existence to no one else. Jesus Christ "is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation". God is not the image of anyone, but he created creatures in his image. (Gen. 1:26) God was not born, but his creatures were; they had a beginning, but not he. The first of his creatures was his only-begotten Son, "the beginning of the creation by God."-Col. 1:15; Rev. 3:14  Here's a few scriptures to ponder on:  Matt. 3:16, 17 - After being baptized Jesus immediately came up from the water; and, look! the heavens were opened up, and he saw descending like a dove God's spirit coming upon him. Look! Also, there was a voice from the heavens that said: "This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved."  Heb. 10:5-7 - Hence when he comes into the world he says: "'Sacrifice and offering you did not want, but you prepared a body for me. You did not approve of whole burnt offerings and sin [offering].' Then I said, 'Look! I am come (in the roll of the book it is written about me) to do your will, O God.'  John 14:28 - Jesus himself assures us, "The Father is greater than I am."  I could go on disproving the doctrine of the Trinity but I hope you get my gist. I also hope that you aren't offended by anything I've said, I'm not trying to insult your knowledge or anything, I just want you to understand.
Does it really matter what sources I used, it still doesn't mean that catholics don't give the mother Marry undue attention. So you're saying that the website has it wrong?   I am saying I would not trust that web site to have accurate information. Can you show me a specifically Roman Catholic web site that has this information on it?  I have seen so many people put strawman arguemetns out about what one religion or another believes, yet, they are unable to show that is true using the  primary source, someone of that religion.
Howdy -   I don't believe the NT writers referenced any pagan sources per se. Their beliefs were founded on OT Judaism and what is found there, as well as what Jesus taught. There is considerable evidence for a Trinity in the OT, as I will show.   ONE GOD OR A TRINITY?  Christianity holds that while the Old Testament is still true in every respect, the Old Testament clearly reveals that God is a unified and triune God (Father, Son, and Holy Spirit), and that the Messiah is clearly God the Son. In essence, Christianity agrees with Judaism that there is only one God, but differs with Judaism in that this one God is manifested in three persons. One Christian school teacher was asked by a student how this could possibly be, to which the teacher replied, "It's sort of like a three-leafed clover, which has three protrusions but is still looked upon as one leaf." To the Christian, God the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit are one in purpose and Spirit, yet each seems to have their own individual manifestations. To this end, I will now provide the Old Testament scriptural evidence for the triune God.  EXAMPLE # 1: The "Shema" Verse  For most Jewish people, the "Shema" is the foundational verse for the concept of a monotheistic God. It is the very heart of Judaism, and serves to confirm, in the Jewish mind, that there cannot be anything other than one God. The Shema verse is found in Deuteronomy 6:4, and says:  "Hear, O Israel: The Lord our God is one Lord."  In Hebrew it reads, "Shema Yisrael Adonai Elohenu Adonai Echad." The word Shema is the first Hebrew word in the passage and means "hear." At first glance this seems to support the Jewish concept of a monotheistic God. However, a careful examination of Deuteronomy 6:4 does not establish a singular, monotheistic God. The last word of the Shema verse is echad, which is translated into English as the word "one." This is what is known as a compound-unity noun - that is to say, a noun which demonstrates oneness or unity, but at the same time contains two or more entities. A number of scriptural examples will help make the point.  Genesis 2:24, speaking of the union of Adam and Eve, reads: "For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and the two will become ONE flesh." Here, the Hebrew word that is used for "one" (one flesh) is the same word for "one" that is found in the Shema verse - echad. It clearly speaks of the unity of more than one person into a united, or singular, entity.  In Genesis 1:5, Moses used this same word when he described the first day of creation: "And God called the light day, and the darkness He called night. And the evening and the morning were the first day." This "one" day, or "first" day is the Hebrew word echad. The one day referred to was comprised of both light and darkness - evening and morning.  And still another example is found in Jeremiah 32, verses 38-39 which reads, "And they shall be my people, and I will be their God; And I will give THEM ONE HEART." Here, the many people are given "one" (echad) heart. A unity of two or more individuals into oneness.  Interestingly, however, there is another Hebrew word which signifies an absolute oneness, or singleness. That word is yachid. It is found in such scriptures as Genesis 22:2 (only son - one son), in Proverbs 4:3, in Judges 11:34, in Jeremiah 6:26, Amos 8:10, and in Zechariah 12:10 - "....and they shall mourn for him, as one mourns for an only son." So considering that the Old Testament is the inspired word of God, Jehovah had a choice of using a word that implies singularity (yachid), or plurality in oneness (echad). He chose echad to make his point, so that it might be understood there is a plurality in union. Hence, the Shema verse not only testifies against the singularity of God, but actually implies a unity of two or more entities.   EXAMPLE # 2: "Elohim"  In the very first verse of the Bible we find a statement which clearly illustrates the plurality of God.  "In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth." Genesis 1:1  The Hebrew word that is used for God in Genesis 1:1 is the word Elohim, a derivitive of the word El. "El" tends to denote God in the singular sense, while "Elohim" can certainly argue for a plural God. Of the 2,750 times that these words are used in the Old Testament, Elohim, the plural form, is used in 2,500 cases, and is used 32 times in the accounts of the Genesis creation of the heavens and the earth.  Another excellent example of the word Elohim used in a critical text is found in Exodus 20:1, where the Lord is giving the Ten Commandments to Moses and the people of Israel:  "I am the Lord your God who brought you out of Egypt."  Grammatically, it would be acceptable to say, "I am the Lord your Gods." Such examples as these, which occur 2,500 times in the Old Testament, raises the following question: If the scriptures are the divine word of God, why would the Lord consistently select the plural form of God - Elohim, to refer to Him in a plural sense? Why would He not use the singular form, El, in each instance? This is a very serious issue that needs to be addressed for those who believe in a monotheistic God.  EXAMPLE #3: Plurality in Personal Pronouns  Plurality in personal pronouns (such as "us" and "our") when used in reference to the Lord, lends additional documentary evidence for the plurality of God. A good case in point is Genesis 1:26:  "Then God said, 'Let us make man in our image, in our likeness, and let have dominion over the fist of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over the livestock, and over all the earth."  Here, we see a conversation that is taking place prior to the creation of man. Who is this person or persons with whom God is conversing? First, this 'person' or 'persons' is able to communicate with God in His own realm of timeless eternity. Because man had not yet been created, He was not speaking to someone of earthly intelligence, but someone in the heavenly, supernatural and eternal realm.  Secondly, this person or persons with whom God is communicating apparently has the same kind of creative ability as God ("Let us make"). This clearly implies a cooperative effort between God (Elohim - plural) and the person or person with whom God is speaking.  And finally, the person or persons with whom God is speaking is comparable, or identical, with God ("Let us make man in our image, after our likeness").  When confronted with this passage, modern Jewish rabbis, etc., often claim that God is speaking with angels. However, this explanation fails to address a number of problems. First, there is no indication found anywhere in the Bible that says angels can create life. Secondly, nowhere is it indicated that angels were ever made in the image and likeness of God. And finally, there is no indication from scripture that mankind was ever made in the likeness of angels.   Just one more example. In Genesis chapter 11, God is looking down at man's attempt to build the Tower of Babel to make a name for themselves. In verse 7 God states:  "Come, let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand one another."  Once more, the personal pronoun "us" is used as a reference to God. Note that in verse 11:5 it is "the Lord" that is referred to when "us" is later used ("The Lord came down to see the city").   The "Creators" of the Universe  The plurality of the Creator (Elohim) in Genesis 1:1 has been dismissed by many as simply a description of God's diverse nature. However, the plurality of the creator of heaven and earth is also seen in a number of other Old Testament verses. For example, in Ecclesiastes 12:1 we read,  "Remember also thy Creators in the days of thy youth, while the  evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, 'I have no pleasure in them."   The notion of a plural Creator is also seen in Isaiah 54:5, where the prophet states:  "For thy 'Maker' is thy husband, Jehovah of Hosts is His name."  In the above verse, the word "Maker" is the Hebrew word "asa," which denotes the plurality of the entity involved in the creative process.  EXAMPLE #4: The Holy Spirit is a Person - God!  While in Genesis 1:2 we see the "Spirit of God" moving upon the face of the waters during creation (remember God as "Elohim," a plural creator), there is a very important and often overlooked verse in which the prophet Isaiah reveals that the Holy Spirit is more than just some type of spiritual force. Isaiah 63:10 reads,  "But they rebelled, and vexed His Holy Spirit: therefore He was turned to be their enemy, and He fought against them."  The word "vexed," as used above, is the Hebrew word "atsab," which means "to worry, pain, or anger; to grieve, hurt, or make sorry" (Zodhiates Old Testament Word Study - Hebrew and Chaldee Dictionary section, page 91). The question, of course, is "How can some inanimate force be angered or grieved, as we see occurred in the above passage? Only if the Holy Spirit was alive and possessed personal attributes could He experience these types of emotions." The Holy Spirit must therefore be a person.   Another important verse that shows that the Holy Spirit is one of the "Creators" is found in Job 33:4, which reads,  "The Spirit of God hath made me, and the breath of the Almighty hath given me life."  Obviously, the Holy Spirit must possess intelligence in order to take part in the creative process. Other "personal" attributes of the Holy Spirit are as follows:  1. The Holy Spirit "testifies" (Nehemiah 9:30). 2. The Spirit "instructs" (Nehemiah 9:20). 3. The Spirit "strives with men" (Genesis 6:3). 4. The Spirit sends messengers (Isaiah 48:16). 5. The Spirit enabled Joseph to interpret Pharoah's dreams (Genesis 41:38). 6. The Spirit gives wisdom (Exodus 28:3; 31:1-6; 35:31). 7. The Holy Spirit is the "Spirit of Wisdom" (Isaiah 11:2). 8. He is the Spirit of Knowledge (Isaiah 11:2)  Notice clearly that all of the things that the Holy Spirit does requires intelligence of the variety that only God alone can possess. This ties God and the Holy Spirit together in a most closely-knit and inseparable unity.   Considering the aforementioned evidence, we can only conclude that Holy Spirit is a living person (diety), who possesses many of the same intellectual and creative attributes as the Almighty God.  EXAMPLE #5: The Son of God - The Messiah  In Isaiah chapter nine, we read a number of magnificent verses that proclaim the coming Messiah as being God:  "For unto us a child is born, to us a SON is given, and the government will be on His shoulders." (Isaiah 9:6)  Who is this child that will be born?  "He will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. Of the increase of His government and peace there will be no end. He will reign on David's throne, and over his kingdom, establishing and upholding it with justice and righteousness, from that time on and forever." (Isaiah 9:6-7)  How is it that God can be born as a child? This "child" that is called "Mighty God" is also mentioned in Isaiah 7:14:  "Therefore, the Lord Himself will give you a sign: The virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and will call Him, 'Immanuel.'"   Again, God is seen as one who is "born." The name, "Immanual," means "God with us" in Hebrew.  Psalm two is another not-so-subtle hint that God has a beloved son:  "Why do the nations conspire.... against the Lord and His Anointed One? I have installed my King on Zion, my Holy Hill. He (the Lord) said to me, 'You are my Son; today I have become your Father. I will make the nations your inheritance, the ends of the earth your possession. You will rule them with an iron scepter; You will dash them to pieces like pottery."  Jewish thought concludes that these verses must be referring to King David or King Solomon, when the king reigns forever on his eternal throne. Yet if you remember in Isaiah 9:6-7 a child will be born who will be called "Mighty God," "Everlasting Father," and "Prince of Peace," who will reign on King David's throne. Who is this person? Is it David that will rule over the nations with an iron sceptor and subdue his enemies, or is it someone else? Well, David seems to know who this person is, and David calls Him, "Lord:"   "The Lord says to my Lord, 'Sit at my right hand until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet." (Psalm 110:1)  Jesus once asked the pharisees of His day, "Who do you say the Messiah is?" The pharisees responded, "The Son of David." Jesus replied, "How then can David, speaking in the Spirit, call Him Lord when he says, 'The Lord says to my Lord, Sit at my right hand until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet. If he is David's son, how then does David call Him 'Lord?" The answer, of course, is that the Messiah will be born of an earthly mother (a virgin to be given in marriage to a descendant of King David) and conceived by a heavenly Father (God). Psalm 72 refers to this individual as the "Royal Son" who will "Endure as long as the sun," and whom "All kings shall bow down to," and through whom "All nations shall be blessed" (Pssalm 72:1, 5, 11, 17).  DANIEL'S VISION OF THE 'SON OF MAN'  In Daniel chapter nine, starting with verse 24, the prophet Daniel gives a critical, time-sensitive prophecy concerning when the Jewish Messiah shall arrive in Jerusalem. This prophecy is known as the "Seventy Weeks of Daniel," and you can read of this prophecy in a later section . But a second vision by Daniel records another individual of similar stature approaching the throne of Almighty God.  In Daniel 7:13-14 we read:  "In my vision at night I looked, and there before me was one like a son of man, coming with the clouds of heaven. He approached the Ancient of Days (Jehovah God) and was led into His presence. He was given authority, glory, and sovereign power; all peoples,nations, and men of every language worshipped him. His dominion is an everlasting dominion that will not pass away, and his kingdom is one that will never be destroyed."  Jesus referred to Himself as the "Son of Man" numerous times (Mark 14:21, etc.). In the gospel of Mark 14:62, Jesus was specifically asked if He was the Christ, the Son of the 'Blessed One.' Jesus replied, "I AM (note: this was the name Jehovah revealed to Moses on Mount Sinai when Moses asked the Lord His name). And you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Mighty One (note Psalm 110:1) and coming on the clouds of heaven."   But as far as the vision of Daniel is concerned, here is that same individual spoken of in Isaiah 9:6-7 who will reign on David's throne, who will have the sovereign power of Almighty God, and whom the peoples and nations of the earth will worship. He is approaching the throne of the "Ancient of Days," who is clearly Jehovah God (see Daniel 7:9-10), and is about to set up his eternal kingdom. Is this not the eternal Messiah, the Son of God? If King David were to reign on this throne, would he desire that all people worship him, or would he do as he did on earth and direct the people's worship towards Almighty God? We will look to the prophet Jeremiah for still another clue.  If by now there are any doubts that God will raise up a Lord (who is someone other than David) who will reign on David's throne, then the prophet Jeremiah foretells who this individual is:  "The days are coming, declares the Lord, when I will raise up to David a righteous Branch, a King who will reign wisely, and do what is just and right in the land. In His days Judah will be saved and Israel will live in safety. This is the name by which He will be called: THE LORD (JEHOVAH) OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS." (Jeremiah 23:5-7)  Remember, in Jewish theology there can be only one Lord. Yet in the above verse the Lord God is raising up another Lord who is called, "The Lord (JEHOVAH) our Righteousness." Certainly neither David, who committed murder and adultery, or Solomon, who sought after the idols of his many wives, nor any other Jewish King could become the "Righteousness" of the people. This is a divine individual, and is the same person that Isaiah and King David refer to as, "Lord."   In all these things - in all these examples, we clearly see that the God of Israel is more than just a monotheistic entity. In fact, the evidence testifies against God being a singular entity, and clearly depicts a unified, Triune God - Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. A unified, triune God explains things better, and only a triune God with the Messiah as the Son of God correctly matches the scripture in perfect harmony with other related scriptures.  Jesus is Lord.  Cheers....
 It was the Roman Catholic Church and Orthodox Church Councils who brought the Trinity doctrine into Christianity.   The concept of the Trinity is found in the 1st Century NT works, and was alluded to by numerous individuals in the centuries preceding the Council of Nicea. See the information in the following link for that evidence:  http://www.carm.org/doctrine/trinityquotes.htm   The theologians that wrote the Catholic Encyclopedia admit that there is no Old Testament indication of a triune God, and very little in the New Testament that can be construed that way. They also admit that it was a product of tradition that evolved over four centuries. The RCC gives equal credence to tradition and scripture. In this case tradition is almost the whole criteria for this dogma, aside from a few scriptures that are wrenched out of context and misinterpreted, trying to give the idea legitimacy.  I don't vouch for Catholic history on that, but Catholicism is just one of many early Christian denominations. There were others in various countries, etc. I don't think you can judge all NT doctrines on Catholicism alone. The NT and the early Trinitarian quotes provided counter your argument.   The Christian Church's roots were originally from Judaism, which was, and still is, a monotheistic (One-God) religion. There is no belief in a polytheistic (Plural) God in the Old Testament. On the contrary, OT scriptures declare the singleness of God.  My previous post provides numerous illustrations to the contrary. Not only that, but there are numerous allusions to the Trinity in early Jewish Rabbinic literature, as can be seen in the following link (starting with the heading "The Mystery of the Trinity Revealed in Ancient Jewish Writings"):  http://www.grantjeffrey.com/article/chphnwr.htm   A lot of scriptures can be taken the wrong way. The translation of the bible into English did cause some errors. Take for example to John 1:1, in some translations, "the Word" is spoken of as being "with God" and as being "God." But other Bible translations say that the Word was "a god" or was "divine," meaning not necessarily God but a powerful one. Furthermore, that Bible verse says that "the Word" was "with" God. That would reasonably exclude him from being that same God.  Since Jesus was with God (the Father) in the beginning, that doesn't mean Jesus wasn't "with" him. Regarding John 1:1, here are various scholarly opinions on the JW's doctrine of "a God" (which by the way would make the JW's polytheists instead of monotheists):  http://members.tripod.com/crossbearer-brian/id237.htm   No-where in the gospels does it say anything about a Trinity or that God and Jesus are the same person and most importantly, Jesus himself never ever claimed to be God. Jesus allowed people to draw the conclusion that he was the messiah, but never did he claim to be God himself.  While the actual term "Trinity" is not found in the NT, the concept is seen in numerous places, two of which are Matthew 28:19 ("...baptizing them in the NAME of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit"), and Acts 7:55, amongst others.   But, someone will ask, does not Jesus state, "I and my Father are one"? (John 10:30) True, but did he mean oneness of person or substance, or oneness of work and purpose? Evidently the latter, for he said: "If I am not doing the works of my Father, do not believe me. But if I am doing them, even though you do not believe me, believe the works, in order that you may grasp the fact and may continue knowing that the Father is in union with me and I am in union with the Father." Clearly showing that Jesus meant oneness of purpose, of work, of organization are his further words in his prayer for his followers: "That they may be one just as we are one. I in union with them and you in union with me."-John 10:25, 37, 38; 17:20-23. Can you see how easy it is from this to take a scripture out of context?  You're welcome to that interpretation, the conclusion of which I tend to disagree with. However, Jesus definitely declared his own divinity (see following link - "Did Jesus Claim to be God"?):  http://hometown.aol.com/red4jesus/jesusclaimtobegod.html   Throughout the Scriptures Jehovah God is repeatedly termed the Almighty God. "I appeared unto Abraham, . . . by the name of God Almighty." (Gen 17:1; Ex. 6:3; Ezek. 10:5) But his Son is merely termed a mighty one. "Gird thy sword upon thy thigh, O mighty one." "And his name shall be called . . . Mighty God." (Ps. 45:3; Isa. 9:6) Jesus appreciated this distinction. In replying to the religious leaders of his day, who accused him of blasphemy, he said: "Is it not written in your Law, 'I said: You are gods'? If he called 'gods' those against whom the word of God came, and yet the Scripture cannot be nullified, do you say to me whom the Father sanctified and dispatched into the world, 'You blaspheme,' because I said, I am God's Son?" (John 10:34-36) Yes, Jesus did not claim to be The God, but only God's Son.  See the link above. Also, regarding Jesus being only a "Mighty God" (vs. "Almighty"), Jesus is the "Lord God... who is Almighty" - Revelation 1:7-8.  Regarding "Ye are gods,"   When the psalmist said "You are gods," in Psalm 82, he was speaking in irony. He was in effect mocking the corrupt judges (many biblical examples) who had become corrupt in their dealings with men. What follows from the 82nd Psalm was this, though: "I have called you 'gods,' but in fact you will die like the men that you really are." Obviously then, they weren't being alluded to as real "gods" due to the clarification that followed. With this in mind, it is now clear that when Jesus alluded to this psalm in John chapter 10, He was simply illustrating that what the Israelite judges were called in irony and mockery, Jesus is in reality.  The Jews knew who Jesus was claiming to be (God), and Jesus, as he had done in the past on other arguments, was simply driving home an important truth using Old Testament scripture.   That Jesus is inferior to his Father is also apparent from Paul's words at Hebrews 7:7; "Now without any dispute, the less is blessed by the greater." Did Jesus bless God? No, but it was 'God who anointed Jesus with the oil of gladness more so than his partners'. (Heb. 1:8, 9).  Since I think you believe that Jesus is the Archangel Michael, and since you referenced Hebrews, then have you read Hebrews 1:5? - "For to which of the angels did He ever say, "YOU ARE MY SON, TODAY I HAVE BEGOTTEN YOU"? The rhetorical answer is NONE. The "Michael is Jesus" argument is dispelled in the following link:  http://abrahamic-faith.com/Jesus_superior_to_angels.html  Any reference to Jesus being lesser in nature to the Father deals only with his (at the time) earthly existence. This is illuminated in Philippians 2:5-8 (which also clarifies that Jesus was equal in nature with God):  5 Your attitude should be the same as that of Christ Jesus:  6 Who, being in very nature God,  did not consider equality with God something to be grasped,  7 but made himself nothing,  taking the very nature of a servant,  being made in human likeness.  8 And being found in appearance as a man,  he humbled himself  and became obedient to death-  even death on a cross!    Jesus was also inferior to his Father in the matter of knowledge....  See above.   Why didn't the early Christians believe in the Trinity?  Many of them did. That's how the "Early Trinitarian Quotes" (linked earlier) got their basis from.    The very fact that the Son received his life from the Father proves that he could not be coeternal with him.   He was born of God as a human, but previously he was God (John 1:1, Philippians 2:7-9, John 20:28; I Tim. 3:16; Col. 2:9; Acts 20:28, etc.).   Here's a few scriptures to ponder on:  Matt. 3:16, 17 - After being baptized Jesus immediately came up from the water; and, look! the heavens were opened up, and he saw descending like a dove God's spirit coming upon him. Look! Also, there was a voice from the heavens that said: "This is my Son, the beloved, whom I have approved."  Heb. 10:5-7 - Hence when he comes into the world he says: "'Sacrifice and offering you did not want, but you prepared a body for me. You did not approve of whole burnt offerings and sin [offering].' Then I said, 'Look! I am come (in the roll of the book it is written about me) to do your will, O God.'  John 14:28 - Jesus himself assures us, "The Father is greater than I am."  I could go on disproving the doctrine of the Trinity but I hope you get my gist. I also hope that you aren't offended by anything I've said, I'm not trying to insult your knowledge or anything, I just want you to understand.  The gist of all these types of arguments have been addressed (I hope).   Finally:  THE DIETY OF CHRIST  1. Jesus existed in the beginning (John 1:1; Philip 2:6; Rev. 19:13; Micah 5:2). 2. He was with God (John 1:1). 3. He is God, the Son (John 1:1; Rom. 9:5; Heb. 1:8, 10; I John 5:20). 4. He is God manifest in the flesh (John 20:28; I Tim. 3:16; Col. 2:9; Acts 20:28; Heb. 1:8). 5. He is God foretold (Isaiah 9:6; Psalm 45:6). 6. He is Immanuel, God with us (Isaiah 7:14; Matthew 1:23). 7. He is the true God (I John 5:20 with Titus 2:13; Romans 9:5). 8. He is the great God (Titus 2:13). 9. He is God our Savior (II Peter 1:1). 10. He existed in the form of God before His incarnation and was equal with God the Father  (Philippians 2:5-7). 11. He is the only wise God (Jude 25). 12. He is omnipotent over disease. (Matthew 8:1-4; Luke 4:39) 13. He is omnipotent over demons. (Matthew 8:16-17; Luke 4:35) 14. He is omnipotent over nature. ((Matthew 8:26) 15. He is omnipotent over death. (Luke 7:14-15; John 11:25) 16. He is omniscient, knowing the hearts of the Pharisees. (Matthew 12:25; Luke 5:22; 6:8; 7:39-40) 17. He knew the thoughts of the scribes. (Matthew 9:3-4) 18. He knew the history of the Samaritan woman. (John 4:24) 19. He is omnipresent. (Matthew 18:20; 28:20; John 3:13; 14:20) 20. He was worshiped as God by the angels (Hebrews 1:6); worshiped as God by the wise men (Matthew 2:2); worshiped as God by the shepherds (Luke 2:15); worshiped as God by a ruler (Matthew 9:18); worshiped as God by Thomas (John 20:28); worshiped as God by the apostles (Matthew 14:33; 28:9). 21. He forgives sins. (Mark 2:5) 22. He saves. (Matthew 18:11; John 10:28). 23. He judges. (John 5:22) 24. Paul, Peter, Jude, James, and John called Him God. (Galatians 2:20; 1 Peter 3:22; Jude 25; James 2:1; I John 5:20; Revelation 1:18; 19:16) 25. He is God's Son, who was sent to bring us eternal life. (John 3:16) 26. He arose from death in the flesh (John 20:26-28; Luke 24:39-43; I John 4:2-3).  27. One with the Father (John 10:30).  Peace, brother!
I agree. I am amazed that neither of these two, their earnest though misguided attempts at scholarship notwithstanding, really cannot see the arbitrariness of the conclusions they make from the Scriptures. Saying something like "this passage clearly states" does not make it so. EZ, in his copy and pastiness is most impressive. I really love how his sources invent a supposed part of speech, "compound-unity noun", for which there is a single example in the entire language, as a way to justify a translation to mean what they want it to mean.  I already referenced several examples in my previous post, not just one. And there were more I didn't list. If you are able to get ahold of the "Theological WordBook of the Old Testament" you will find additional examples.   As for "misguided attempts at scholarship," you haven't made any case for that.  Jesus is Lord.
If posters like EZ weren't such horrid and spiteful little shits, I could feel sorry for them. I can see the enormous appeal of Christianity for such pathetic types. I think this may have been its appeal for centuries, you can belong to this exclusive club for what, on the surface, seems like a small price - all you have to do is have faith. This is the ingenious spin that Paul added that allowed the sect to take off like wildfire. You may be down-trodden and hopeless, but just say the magic word and you get to be in the club that goes to heaven. And better yet, you are the only club that gets to go to heaven. You don't need to be powerful, or talented or smart (in fact, the latter is a deterrent) to join this groovy club. No matter how dreadful your pathetic existence is here, there is a better day a coming. As an added bonus, you get to feel smug and superior toward the infidels. Even those bullies in school who beat you up.   Prayer and community provide great feeling of personal fulfillment; this is by no means unique to Christianity. Any old belief system will do for that. The vanilla Protestant Christians belong to their church out of habit or tradition, but it is the rabid fundies that savor their membership in this club. They are favored by the supreme Creator of the universe over all peoples. Pretty cool. All you need to do is sell your soul and you are in. Once enrolled, it becomes a real mind #### to get out. The concept of leaving means you will burn in hell fires for all eternity and you have to admit you have been a complete schmuck all along. That is a guaranteed recipe for entrenched denial if there ever was one. What a sad waste of human potential.  Spiteful little shits, how flattering! What are you, a psychologist? People like yourself over-analyse everything. There's nothing wrong with having a healthy "thinking" brain but you probably sit there for hours on end wondering "what did he/she mean?!" You think people like EZ are pathetic, look at yourself, at least he/she is trying to help others, unlike your destructive remarks. You think you know everything about everyone, so who's the one who think's they're high and mighty? And the part about people like EZ being smug despite being bullied at school (because of their faith); is this by any chance yourself relating to your own childhood, you know, feeling smug because you know what drives the bully?   In Hebrew it reads, "Shema Yisrael Adonai Elohenu Adonai Echad." The word Shema is the first Hebrew word in the passage and means "hear." At first glance this seems to support the Jewish concept of a monotheistic God. However, a careful examination of Deuteronomy 6:4 does not establish a singular, monotheistic God. The last word of the Shema verse is echad, which is translated into English as the word "one." This is what is known as a compound-unity noun - that is to say, a noun which demonstrates oneness or unity, but at the same time contains two or more entities. A number of scriptural examples will help make the point.  Genesis 2:24, speaking of the union of Adam and Eve, reads: "For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and the two will become ONE flesh." Here, the Hebrew word that is used for "one" (one flesh) is the same word for "one" that is found in the Shema verse - echad. It clearly speaks of the unity of more than one person into a united, or singular, entity   Well, Easyrider, I think I'll just have to agree to differ! I don't want to spend any more time on this subject...it's obvious to me that you've made your mind up and I respect that (you deffinately have spent some time researching). Just off the top of my head though, from the first few examples you gave, I wouldn't say that they are the best of proof to support the Trinity. The fact that the word echad could mean either one or unity, proves more so that God is in union with Christ (they are very simular) just like a man (that is married to a woman) is in union to her (just as one flesh). Although they are called one flesh, we know that this word echad must mean in union with, because obviously the man and woman are not one entity. Same applies when the word echad is applied to night and day, we know that this must mean in union with because clearly; day and night are not the same thing...but they are in union with each other.  Like I said, I don't see the point in going further into this. :)
I am sorry. Getting a bunch of people who already want to believe the same thing to agree on something is not scholarship. [A "degree" in theology is not that hard to get.]  You can reference all you want, but are these authors attempting to consider all possibilities of interpretation before coming to conclusions? [ANSWER THIS] Even the "evidence" you provide are very, very soft calls. They all could be interpreted many ways.   Foe example, you state that Matthew 28:19 ("...baptizing them in the NAME of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit"), is evidence for the existence of a Trinity. Someone named Matthew, whose identity is not really known, said this second or more-hand about a quote decades earlier is evidence for a three-in-one god. That's a pretty shaky sell.  In case you haven't noticed, this is a religious thread, proving that the bible is real / false is a different subject (since most religious people accept the bible). The fact that we both have something in common (both believing in the bible) makes our job less tedious and tiresome. We'd fill books reffering to scriptures only once we've proven them authentic/true.
 Well, Easyrider, I think I'll just have to agree to differ! I don't want to spend any more time on this subject...it's obvious to me that you've made your mind up and I respect that (you deffinately have spent some time researching).   Like I said, I don't see the point in going further into this. :)  That's cool. And thanks for your views! Got another topic at hand let me know. Bless the Lord!
Simply put, the majority of Christian teaching today differs a lot from when Jesus started it. In fact, I'd go as far as saying that the majority of so-called "Christians" today are an insult to Jesus. Jesus used the bible when speaking to his people and he condoned it. Therefore, as Christians you have to follow ALL the bible. Not just pick and choose which bits you like. Christendom today gives true Christians a bad name, it is false worship. Take a look at these examples of "Christians" that go against what the bible teaches:  The Roman Catholic Church permits the worship of Jesus' mother marry. This tradition has PAGAN origin (http://bupc.montana.com/whores/marywors.html) and was not part of the Christian faith. Even worse, the bible condemns any worship that isn't directed at God - Deuteronomy 5:9; 6:13 (Jesus himself refered to this scripture when the devil was trying to temp him). One of the ten commandments strictly forbids worshipping anything other than God (Idolatry).  Plenty religions permit idolatry, which is a great defiance of God's word - "You must not have any other gods against my face. You must not make for yourself a carved image or a form like anything that is in the heavens above or that is on the earth underneath or that is in the waters under the earth. You must not bow down to them nor be induced to serve them."-Ex. 20:3-5. And here are plenty other scriptures not permitting idol worship: Rom. 6:14; 1#Cor. 6:9, 10; 10:7, 14; 2#Cor. 6:16; Gal. 5:19, 20; 1#John 5:21; Rev. 21:8; 22:15.  What do you define as idol worship?  "The giving of absolute devotion and ultimate trust to something that is not God; immoderate attachment or veneration for something; respect or love that approaches that due a divine power."-Webster's Third New International Dictionary.  Do you not see church members bowing down/praying at pictures, statutes, shrines etc?  Christmas  Christmas is the biggest joke of Christendom. Christmas didn't get it's origin from the bible or early Christians. Jesus never once said to celebrate his birth, yet he did say to celebrate his death (i.e. what his life accomplishment has achieved) through a memorial, or "Lords supper" (this is a serious comemoration that doesn't need any showy displays) - "Now as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed, and broke it, and gave it to the disciples and said, 'Take, eat; this is my body.' And he took a cup, and when he had given thanks he gave it to them, saying, 'Drink of it, all of you; for this is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins.'" On that occasion Jesus also commanded, as reported by the apostle Paul: "Do this in remembrance of me." Matt. 26:26-28; 1#Cor. 11:24  To say that Christmas is Christian just goes to prove you don't know anything about it's origin. It started from the Winter Festivals which was a period where cultures celebrated the "rest period" (agricultural activity was put on hold during the cold seaon). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_holiday_season This in itself is a direct contradiction of the belief that Jesus was born at Christmas - would sheperds have been out looking after the sheep (as in the Nativity)? The idea that Jesus was born at Christmas was simply made up.   Another reason why Christmas isn't Christian is it's pagan attributes Yule and Saturnalia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas Christians are to shun paganism.  ...There are plenty other things I could say about how the majority of todays "Christians" go against the bible and Jesus but my fiancee is going to kill me if I don't get off this computer!emoticon_xkillemoticon_frazzled    I am a roman catholic. We do NOT worship Mary! You thinking that is more insulting thatn anything. We "venerate" or "give highest honner" to her. We belive that Jesus said, "Women, behold your son, son, behold your mother". We belive that this makes Mary the mother of the Catholic church.  You do bring up a valid point that bringing in trees for the winter season does come from peagon origens, but christans use it to symbolise the eternal life of God. And, if we celibrate the aniverrsery of when we came to this world, it only makes sense to do the same for Jesus.  Not to mention that bringing in trees for the winter season is not the only thing pagans did to celebrate th winter sulstes, they also did human sacrifices. (someting a true cristian would never do)
I may want to give a quick reminder that the bible was written by human beings, not a supernatural entity or Jesus. It is very unlikely that Jesus or God had anything to do with the bible, since the bible is not a very righteous, and preaches much hate. People who truely believe in doing good in the world and being followers of God would not even glance at this 2000 year old abomination.  I don't think either myself or Thinking Person, or hundreds of millions of other Christians, would agree with any of that. I think that's a pretty distorted view.
I may want to give a quick reminder that the bible was written by human beings, not a supernatural entity or Jesus. It is very unlikely that Jesus or God had anything to do with the bible, since the bible is not a very righteous, and preaches much hate. People who truely believe in doing good in the world and being followers of God would not even glance at this 2000 year old abomination.  Ok, I must admit that my last post (PS part) was kind of blurted out. I still stand on what I said though; the religion originated from witchcraft http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wicca, which to me is from the devil. (If the above info from the link is incorrect, please inform the owner of the most popular online encyclopedia, they would appreciate you correcting their mistake). But this above quote is beyond a joke. Oh yeah, that holy book is just full of rubbish...and it has nothing to do with God or Jesus even though it says it's inspired by God and mentions his name like over 7000 times. Jesus only came to earth and referred to the bible a hundred times for no reason whatsoever. And Jesus' deciples who wrote the greek scriptures didn't know what they were talking about even though they spent years with Jesus. And of course, it's a nasty book that teaches people to kill each other (did you not know that's what Jesus told his deciples to do??)  For those of you who don't understand my sense of humour, the above text was me being sarcastic.   PS, Just for your information, the bible has recorded much of human history (which is good AND bad) as an example for us so that we can learn from other people's mistakes.
Not sure where you get the idea that witchcraft=the devil, unless you hold to the idea that any non-Christian religion is demonically inspired. "By their fruits shall ye know them" springs to mind a bit here. Requiring people to do no harm to themselves or others (the central tenet of Wicca) doesn't sound like the work of the devil to me.  "Many traditions of Wicca remain secretive", how do you know for sure what lies beneath? Satanism, witchcraft, voodoo and other forms of black or white magic are very closely linked. There isn't a lot of difference between performing white magic and black magic.  Yeah you could say that it's the bible (Christianity) that shaped my view of whitchcraft:  Deuteronomy 18:10-12:  "There should not be found in you anyone who makes his son or his daughter pass through the fire, anyone who employs divination, a practicer of magic or anyone who looks for omens or a sorcerer, or one who binds others with a spell or anyone who consults a spirit medium or a professional foreteller of events or anyone who inquires of the dead. For everybody doing these things is something detestable to Jehovah, and on account of these detestable things Jehovah your God is driving them away from before you."
Actually, on EZ's list the earliest date is 5-10 years after Jesus' death (AD, Anno Domini starts from the birth of Christ, not the death). Whether you think those dates are accurate is another matter.  I will also note that many of those that fix earlier dates are teaching at colleges that have a statemetn of faith saying "The bible is inerrant" blah blah blah.  That , to me, leaves them out of being objective about it.
I will also note that many of those that fix earlier dates are teaching at colleges that have a statemetn of faith saying "The bible is inerrant" blah blah blah.  That , to me, leaves them out of being objective about it.  This is the kind of absurdity I'm talking about, because it presumes the faith came first instead of the evidence for 1st century NT dating. The "blah blah blah" is on you for that reach.
All of these years have passed on here EZ, and I see you are still fighting the good fight. Good for you. ...  Wow, look at the amount of text written on here by people denying the existence of God or Christ, and stating the Holy Bible is just a book of FULL of fables and a myths. Millions upon millions of bytes of it I see ..   Hmmm... In my opinion this mass amount of intellectual jibberish in denying ones own existence, proves they are intimidated by the truth. They know the truth exists, but because of their spiritual blindness, will stay the fight until time runs out for them....   BS Alert for the non-believers ! Jibberish here being posted by a believer !!! ..emoticon_zzzz   But for this brief moment in time, let the intellectuals reading this post drop their veil of all knowing and think on this. Would these same intellectuals spend so much of their time denying the existence of UFO's ? ...  Afterall, our government states they do not exist. Our educational system teaches that life beyond our planet does not exist. A person will not find a forum anywhere about UFO's/ET's that has this many intellectuals opposing the UFO believers. Why not ? Because the intellectuals truly believe that UFO's/ET's do not exist and will not take their precious time debating the topic...  So why do these non-believing intellectuals want to so vigorusly ,deny the existence of God and the power of the Holy Spirit ? Because the non -believing intellectuals have within them the spirit of consciousness of their creator, as all humans do. But with all of us being born in to sin, we unknowingly deny this good spiritual consciousness and favor the darker fallen side. Therefore, we humans embrace the darker side and wage war against our creator. ...  How else could one make sense of there being millions of words of text on this religion forum, that opposes the existence of a diety? Why would one of reasonable intellect and rationale, argue so long and with such dedication, against something they truly  believe to not exist ??
UFOs haven't made attempts to dictate my personal morality or legislate my religious freedom based on a book of fairy tales.   If the Words of Christ had not been believed and acted on for the passed 2000 years by so many, where would have ones "personal morality" beliefs come from ? Do you think mankind would have self dictated his own thoughts enough, to act as a human being should and be civil ? ...  Look at the last 20 years in the USA where the secular progressives are having their influences. The majority of our youth have turned their backs on religious faith of any kind in this country. Read the papers and see on TV how well that is doing. Check out the rise in substance abuse, violence , domestic abuse, thefts, property damage, animal abuse, etc. committed by our youths today. Why ? ...  These youths have not had instilled in to them any belief in anything higher than themselves. They hold no accountability to anyone, parents included, and the threat of jail is a joke to them. They brag of getting shot, they think it is cool to serve jail time. They see meanspiritness and dehumanizing acts to people as being humorous. We can thank our SP's and the entertainment industry/ media for these attributes in our youth...  Yes, religion has had its many failures in our society. We have our televangelists failures to remind of us that. I think if one is truly honest with themselves, I think they would see when a person has the belief in Christ and at least tries to live His teachings, life can become better for them...  I have not had one person in over 20 years come to my door trying to spread his/her religious beliefs. I wish they would, I would enjoy the verbal exchange of ideas we would probaly have about the topic. ...  I have not had a pastor call me begging me to come to his church. I have not had a pop up ad come up on my PC not one time, from any church wanting my attention. I can name hundreds of other peoples beliefs on issues and commercial products that are forced at me daily though....  I do not peronsally know of one law that has been imposed on me, that the police or the courts showed me the KRS: statute in the Bible that I had violated.....  I do not know where the posters here get the notion that christians are trying to shove their beliefs upon anyone. Look at this forum. The majority of posts here are with people trying to prove that the existence of a deity, or the realm of human spirituality, is non - existent....  From what I have read on here the last 3 years , it is the believers that are in the defensive mode most of the time. It is hard to shove something down someone throat when the shover, has to remain in a defensive stance against the shovee. All jmo and hopefully we will always respectfully, hold to our differences on this topic.
I don't know "for sure" what goes on in a Morman temple or a JW kingdom hall, or a masonic lodge, doesn't give me any reason to believe that they're engaging in anything particularly unsavoury. There is a massive difference between performing magic with the intention of causing harm performing magic with other intentions.  A lot of magical practices are forbidden by the Bible, but so are a lot of other things, and I don't consider people who have sex before marriage as being satanic. Committing a sin, possibly (not for me to decide), but not satanic.  I didn't say that if you do those sins that you are worshipping Satan, (maybe he influences these sort of sins), but the bible does clearly say that practicing any kind of (real) magic etc is dabbling with the wicked angels and / or Satan. Leviticus 19:26; Deuteronomy 18:9-14; Acts 19:18, 19. The reason for this is because God and his angels are actually not intervening with the earth at this time (this takes a lot of explaining), but rather, Satan and his demon followers are (they have no resitrictions and can interfere with the humans). So when people see spirits (thinking that they are past relatives or something) and play with supernatural stuff (e.g. Weegee Boards etc) nowadays, it is actually bad spirits they're seeing or seeing evidence of. Obviously this is all going to sound like a pile of rubbish to a lot of people, especially scientists, but you have to have an open mind. You cannot deny that what happens with the Weegee board and hypnotism is freaky and real, it's not just psycological like some would say (they only say that because it hasn't happened to them and they don't understand). And yet, no-one really stands back to wonder who's actually behind it all??? The fact is, the devil etc are cold, twisted spirits that only think about sex, death etc. This is one reason why it is woman who are attracted to supernatural stuff, it's because the wicked spirits and their perverted minds are luring them. You will notice this about the weegee board (if you or you're friends have tried one), they always centre on sex, and death etc and the room usually goes cold. Next time you or your friends use a weegee board, ask it who is it's God?  Well, if you look up the definition of Jehovah's Witnesses (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jehovah's_Witnesses) I think that gives a good objective description. JWs are in no way secretive, they preach from house to house what they teach. I used to go to the meetings and their halls are very plain and simple (which is all that is needed), the audience even gets to express themselves over a microphone. They used to be called Bible Students, which is pretty appropriate since they are avid followers of the bible.  I don't know an awful lot about Mormons but I think you know that what they teach is harmless.  I think it's safe to say though that more are known about the JWs and Mormons than Wiccans, even the encyclopedia has info to verify about them. Who knows for sure that a person is only going to use magic for good? I've known of some hypnotists who've raped woman, my dad knew a guy who got revenge on a school bully using a WeeGee board, my fiancee used to attend spiritualistic meetings until the leaders who were "posessed" demanded that the woman have sex with them (they claimed that the spirits told them).   Ps, here's just ONE interesting quote I copied from a weegee board forumn:  "I really do not reccommend using a weegee board. Please take my advice as i am only concerned for your safety because of what happened to my good friend james. We set it all up right and we started doing it and it took a while for anything to start happening but when it did it told us that it was an evil spirit. We thought it was a cool idea to keep playing until james put his finger on the glass and at that moment he rolled his head back and the glass shattered and then he gargled blood. Then he went into a spasm and with the 3 blows with his own hand to his head he made his skull collapse and killed himself. The ortopsy showed that the brain had detached from everything. Me and my friend have spent the last 6 months of our lives in a mental hospital only being released because we decided to stop trying to tell the truth."   There are plenty more unpleasant experiences like this one from dabbling with spirits.  Does that sound safe and harmless to you?
I don't see what hypnotism has to do with magic, and more particularly what it has to do with Wicca. Similarly I'm not aware of any connection between Wicca and the sort of engagement with spirits that you describe. For most Wiccans, "magic" is largely indistinguishable from what you or I might consider to be prayer, and certainly the ritual actions are little more than a committed catholic might undertake. Obviously this will vary from Wiccan to Wiccan, as there is no fixed definition of what Wicca is or how it is practised. I've never wanted to use a weegee board, and I'm not aware of any of my friends, including the Wiccans, who have; and again I'm not sure what the connection is....  The Bible is very specific about the practises it forbids, which include contacting the dead, and casting harmful spells, and preparing poisons in order to kill people...  Quite simply the bible condemns the practicing of magic, reffer to my other post. And the bible connects magic with spirits. How else would real magic happen without supernatural intervention?  What else would you describe hypnotism as, other than a magic act?   Wiccans practice magic, there's the connection. Alot of Wiccans reffer to themselves as witches, does that not mean that they practise magic?   Tell me you don't actually buy this nonsense  Well, try asking that to the millions who've experienced paranormal events. Can you explain them? You might want to actually see before you believe, thats understandable. But you can't say it's nonsense if you've never done anything to do with spiritism or known anyone close who has.
Yes. Most definitely. Mankind has done this prior to Christ and does it today among all non-Christian people throughout the world. Our greatly improved civility toward each other othe the last century or so- abolition of slavery, consideration of civil rights, women's rights, etc - has had much less to do with religion than secular thought.  To paraphrase the Sam Harris article posted by Simone and electolyte, if one does not understand that cruelty to others is bad beforehand, he won't learn differently by reading the Bible.    Actually the swing in the pendulum toward conservatism and religiosity had been extremely strong in the last 20 years. In any event, I think crime is actually down in the US.   I do not know how you ascribe those issues to lack of religion. Do you think possibly there could be any other causitive factors?  The point is you come from a position that Christianity is good, in fact the sole source of good. So you have convinced yourself that all bad is due to lack of same. I am not sure there is even a statistical association with the things you describe, much less any evidence of causation.     Sure. But there are oodles of others ways, too, and the don't come with all the "side effects" of christianity, like bad-haired televangelist crooks.     I have people literally come to my door on Saturday mornings, but they are merely a nuisance. I have battled anti-gay ballot initiatives from religious nuts who have wanted to pass laws that say that being gay is "wrong" (seriously, I live in Oregon), and have tried (some successfully) to deprive me of rights that others have, and do it in the name Jeesus.   EZ and his ilk regularly claim that I am immoral because I don't believe the same.    Not you, cause you're a white, straight, christian male. So you don't see a problem. Isn't christianity supposed to make you selfless and look to the plight of others?   Have you read anything the christians write on these forums?   Look, if you act like an as$hole and someone gets upset and calls you on it, you ought to be on the defensive. You christians started it, and you act all wounded when others aren't going to take your XXXX any more. That's as respectful as I can get in response to that baloney.   Well goosy moosy, how would you know I am straight ? I just love it when you get all prissy with me. :)    I have stated on here I was a believer. I do not recall saying on here that I was a christian, that is a word that is used too loosely in our culture now. Just because a person claims themselves to be a christian, does not make it so. Remember always when dealing with people and the words they speak or type , the old cliche' , " The fruit falleth not far from the tree". ..   Take a hint from this newly appointed a$$hole and save your heart from getting so stressed out. When a person puts a post in "quote" the reply is being addressed to that poster being quoted. In this case I was speaking to Georged, not you . But I have enjoyed your insightful response though...  I have read more posts on here than you would think Mr.Moose. After all, I have been on here two years longer than you so that affords me more veiwing time already. I am not a intellectual as you, but I do read the posts on here. I do not feel the need to "puff" up on a religion BBS and post a lot. Life is too short for me now, to spend my time trying to convince people of something they choose to deny..   Your reply validates what I said in my first post. You are denying the spirit of our creator within you and you will strike out against it until your last breath is drawn. Do not feel too badly about that though, you are among millions upon millions people that live that way. There is nothing wrong with that, it is your choice and we have all been given free will to choose as we want. ...  It is sad that you cannot be still within yourself long enough to know there is a consciousness greater than you , in your fleshly mind. A consciousness that could change your whole perspective on life . A consciousness that would allow you to dedicate your intellect and time posting more positive data on the net, like how to catch the biggest bass in the lake. But first, one must be still and know it when they find it. good day to you.
Sure I can. Besides, I do know someone who sees spirits regularly.  I take it you just think this man/woman's a looney then?   It's quite convenient that the bad spirits are living in such a highly narrow minded society. They can do what they want to people, screw them up etc...and what happens to the poor souls? They get sent to a mental institute! LOL   "But I did see it, Im not mental!"  "Yeah sure you did!"  Bang, there goes any creditable eyewitnesses. He/she is simply crazy and locked up. If you can't physically prove it with science then you're crazy. If you can't explain it, it doesn't exist...yeah right.
[QUOTE=greg 79 f150;245006]  Your reply validates what I said in my first post. You are denying the spirit of our creator within you and you will strike out against it until your last breath is drawn. Do not feel too badly about that though, you are among millions upon millions people that live that way. There is nothing wrong with that, it is your choice and we have all been given free will to choose as we want. ...    Gaetano: It's about time that you realize that the problem lies with your creator and his ability to communicate to some and not to others. Maybe it's the distance from heaven to earth that is responsible for the breakdown in communication. For example when he communicates with the Middle East it is in the form of Islam. When communicating with Israel, he's Jewish. When communicating with the Vatican, he's Jesus and Jesus is a Jew, but at the same time he's Cathlocism personified. Shall we continue? When communicating with India it gets even better as he splits himself into a multitude of gods. Sort of like the blessed trinity, but then again, sort of not! Before you throw your bitter sarcasm at those who do not believe in the supernatural, you need to figure out why the others that do believe in the supernatural believe in different gods then you do. If you all put your heads together maybe you could come up with something called the "truth". And when that doesn't happen, maybe you'll realize that everyone is entitled to their beliefs. One person's invisible god, does not pull rank over another person's invisible god, nor can one person's invisble god pull rank over a person who chooses to believe in no god at all. For many years people have been trying to put their invisible gods over the invisible gods of others, and it causes grief, isolation, exclusion, war, and of course death. Unfortunately the human suffering due to the ferverent belief of invisible gods is all too plain to see.
One must allow for that possibility. Yes true, of course there are REAL mad people, but not everyone who claims to have witnessed supernature events are mad. No-one wants to speak up about supernatural stuff...what happened was either too personal or frightning, or they (understandably) don't think anyone will beleive them. Try asking around at your work for experiences with the Ouija (weegee) board. I did once, and most people refused to tell me what happened (I could see the fear in their eyes). The ones who did tell me were totally bemused about how the board knew answers so personal to themselves, but they said they kept it to themselves because of it being personal and that no-one would beleive them. They also added that I should never try it, which I knew anyway. Each person I've spoken to has never denied that the Ouija board was powered by spirit beings.[/QUOTE]  Troubling when one shares genetic material.  Did you not do science at school? You know, even if I did have the same genetic material as these eyewitnesses, knowledge/experience is never passed on through genetics.
I think the point is that mental illness often has a genetic component, especially things like paranoid schizophrenia.  Actually, the chance of an individual being schizophrenic rises to 10 per cent if a parent or sibling has the illness; this suggests other factors appear to contribute to the development of schizophrenia in an individual. Which just proves that similar genes don't = same mental illnesses.
I was referring to myself genius. While we're at it, did you not "do" English "at" school?  Oh right, I get you now. However, how can I conclude from your statement:  "Troubling when one shares genetic material"  that "one" is reffering to yourself? "One" (you) is not being very specific.  We say "you", and that can reffer to more than one person for example, same applies when you say "one".  And that's the end of todays English lesson.   PS, I find it quite amusing to say I (an English, British citizen) am getting sarcastic remarks about my language from a Yankee LOL (not being nationalistic there...you can make fun of my country all you like, I can cope with that:) ).
In my experience you blokes mangle the language at least as often as we do.  wit yi sayin mun? we dinay mangle the language...LOL
Speaking of spirits, Jamesons'?  Or, Bushmills?  Hmmm, even though we have like a million distillaries in our area I don't actually drink at all (alcohol doesn't like me).
I think it's safe to say though that more are known about the JWs and Mormons than Wiccans, even the encyclopedia has info to verify about them. Who knows for sure that a person is only going to use magic for good? I've known of some hypnotists who've raped woman, my dad knew a guy who got revenge on a school bully using a WeeGee board, my fiancee used to attend spiritualistic meetings until the leaders who were "posessed" demanded that the woman have sex with them (they claimed that the spirits told them).   Ps, here's just ONE interesting quote I copied from a weegee board forumn:  "I really do not reccommend using a weegee board. Please take my advice as i am only concerned for your safety because of what happened to my good friend james. We set it all up right and we started doing it and it took a while for anything to start happening but when it did it told us that it was an evil spirit. We thought it was a cool idea to keep playing until james put his finger on the glass and at that moment he rolled his head back and the glass shattered and then he gargled blood. Then he went into a spasm and with the 3 blows with his own hand to his head he made his skull collapse and killed himself. The ortopsy showed that the brain had detached from everything. Me and my friend have spent the last 6 months of our lives in a mental hospital only being released because we decided to stop trying to tell the truth."   There are plenty more unpleasant experiences like this one from dabbling with spirits.  Does that sound safe and harmless to you?  First of all, hypnotism has nothing to do with Wicca, so I have no idea where the heck you are pulling this from.  I don't know why you keep saying that so little is known about Wiccans. Everything I know about it (quite a bit more than you seem to know) came from my Wiccan friends, who are very open about their religion.  Finally, I would lend a lot more credence to your "messageboard source" if they actually spelled it the correct way: OUIJA not weegee emoticon_rolleyes (and autopsy, not ortopsy). It might do you some good as well if you learned how to spell it, you would appear more credible. This is besides the fact that the use of the Ouija board has nothing at all to do with Wicca.
Damn! What's wrong with my Ouija board? It never did that. I have the most boring Ouija board. It sits there and does nothing.  It only works on interesting people...hehe
First of all, hypnotism has nothing to do with Wicca, so I have no idea where the heck you are pulling this from.  I don't know why you keep saying that so little is known about Wiccans. Everything I know about it (quite a bit more than you seem to know) came from my Wiccan friends, who are very open about their religion.  Finally, I would lend a lot more credence to your "messageboard source" if they actually spelled it the correct way: OUIJA not weegee emoticon_rolleyes (and autopsy, not ortopsy). It might do you some good as well if you learned how to spell it, you would appear more credible. This is besides the fact that the use of the Ouija board has nothing at all to do with Wicca.  I was only referring to magic acts, for example hypnotism, Ouija use etc, it was just to give people an idea of what magic is...and tying it in with Wicca. Did I specifically say that Wiccans practice hypnotism, or the Ouija board? No I didn't.  Yes it would look better if I spelled it the correct way, but not many people know what the heck a OUIJA board is; until it's spelled the way it sounds. So that was purely for the benefit of the...ahem..."stupid" people out thereemoticon_frazzled  It's usually the senseless/careless people who get REALLY negative results from the Ouija board (spirits get p'd off at silly people LOL), maybe that's why my above source didn't know how to spell...or maybe she was just too excited to get her message across and didn't check up the spelling???  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  Spelling and grammar for this post has been checked and cleared  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
I was only referring to magic acts, for example hypnotism, Ouija use etc, it was just to give people an idea of what magic is...and tying it in with Wicca. Did I specifically say that Wiccans practice hypnotism, or the Ouija board? No I didn't.  Yes it would look better if I spelled it the correct way, but not many people know what the heck a OUIJA board is; until it's spelled the way it sounds. So that was purely for the benefit of the...ahem..."stupid" people out thereemoticon_frazzled  It's usually the senseless/careless people who get REALLY negative results from the Ouija board (spirits get p'd off at silly people LOL), maybe that's why my above source didn't know how to spell...or maybe she was just too excited to get her message across and didn't check up the spelling???  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++  Spelling and grammar for this post has been checked and cleared  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++   Cute. emoticon_rolleyes Maybe you should just admit that you didn't know how to spell it and we'll just leave it at that.  Hm, while you didn't explicitly state it was practiced by Wiccans, you very seriously implied it, to the point that several people here all came to that conclusion. As to your "source", I've seen better and more convincing stories in a 1930 "Astounding" Science Fiction magazine (later known as Analog), if that says anything about it. If you truly believed that or put any sort of credence on it, you're worse off than I thought.  This is all besides the point that hypnotism has even less to do with magic than the Ouija has to do with Wicca for you to claim it is magic is rather preposterous.
Cute. emoticon_rolleyes Maybe you should just admit that you didn't know how to spell it and we'll just leave it at that.  Hm, while you didn't explicitly state it was practiced by Wiccans, you very seriously implied it, to the point that several people here all came to that conclusion. As to your "source", I've seen better and more convincing stories in a 1930 "Astounding" Science Fiction magazine (later known as Analog), if that says anything about it. If you truly believed that or put any sort of credence on it, you're worse off than I thought.  This is all besides the point that hypnotism has even less to do with magic than the Ouija has to do with Wicca for you to claim it is magic is rather preposterous.  My source isn't the "be-all and end-all" to prove spirits do exist, there's much more examples than I can say to that matter. Besides, this post isn't about proving that spirits do exist.  What you have to ask yourself before you simply dismiss these "preposterous" claims is:   What are the sources motives?   If they are just fairytale stories, what's the point in so many people making them up and making themselves look mad?   No-one lies without good reason. The fact is that some people are actually troubled by spirits! It's not like they're just telling an exaggerated scary "ghost" story to their friends around the camp fire; they literally are scared to death and want help! Help which is available. And don't just jump to the conclusion that these people were "mentally mad", it would be just too much of a coincidence how the problems only raised when the user started getting involved in spiritism...and vanished when they abolished anything to do with it.  Many Wiccans refer to themselves as witches...how is the statement that a lot of Wiccans practice magic preposterous??? It looks like you need to do some real research instead of listening to "gossip" from your so called Wiccan friends.
My source isn't the "be-all and end-all" to prove spirits do exist, there's much more examples than I can say to that matter. Besides, this post isn't about proving that spirits do exist.  What you have to ask yourself before you simply dismiss these "preposterous" claims is:   What are the sources motives?   Well, in this case the sources motives are to try to scare people into stop using Ouija boards, so they made up a "scary" little ghost story.  If they are just fairytale stories, what's the point in so many people making them up and making themselves look mad?   No-one lies without good reason. The fact is that some people are actually troubled by spirits! It's not like they're just telling an exaggerated scary "ghost" story to their friends around the camp fire; they literally are scared to death and want help! Help which is available. And don't just jump to the conclusion that these people were "mentally mad", it would be just too much of a coincidence how the problems only raised when the user started getting involved in spiritism...and vanished when they abolished anything to do with it. Yes, I do know that some people are troubled by spirits, and I think that for the most part, Satan is involved in it.  Many Wiccans refer to themselves as witches...how is the statement that a lot of Wiccans practice magic preposterous??? It looks like you need to do some real research instead of listening to "gossip" from your so called Wiccan friends.  I never said that Wiccans did not practice magic!!!! If you can show me where I said that, you must be magical yourself! Get some glasses and stop insulting my friends. Here is what I said since you are obviously just reading what you want to read: This is all besides the point that hypnotism has even less to do with magic than the Ouija has to do with Wicca for you to claim it is magic is rather preposterous. Maybe you can show me where in there I said Wiccans do not practice magic? I said that hypnotism has less to do with magic than Ouija has to do with Wicca. You see, that is a comparison.  As to needing to do research, hah! I believe it is you that needs it for you said here: Ps, Wiccans practise devil worship, witchcraft etc, hardly good religious material. Falsely stating that Wiccans practice devil worship.  Wicca does indeed involve the practice of magic, as I said before, but for most Wiccans, the practice of "magic" is not really any different from what Christians consider to be prayers, and their rituals are not much more than what a normal Catholic does (hail Mary, Rosary beads, etc.).
  Wicca does indeed involve the practice of magic, as I said before, but for most Wiccans, the practice of "magic" is not really any different from what Christians consider to be prayers, and their rituals are not much more than what a normal Catholic does (hail Mary, Rosary beads, etc.).  It's different in God's eyes. He's not fooled.
It's different in God's eyes. He's not fooled.  Ah, and he told you this personally? I really don't think it's all that different to him either. In fact, I think that many strongly religious people of other faiths that act in a way that is similar to Christ's message will eventually end up in heaven (Ghandi for one). All of these "christians" like you who twist the bible to condemn things you don't like and try to strip people of their rights, I think you all will have a much different fate in store.
 Ah, and he told you this personally? I really don't think it's all that different to him either. In fact, I think that many strongly religious people of other faiths that act in a way that is similar to Christ's message will eventually end up in heaven (Ghandi for one).  "No man comes to the father except through me." Jesus, John 14:6  Acts 4:8Then Peter, filled with the Holy Spirit, said to them: "Rulers and elders of the people! 9If we are being called to account today for an act of kindness shown to a cripple and are asked how he was healed, 10then know this, you and all the people of Israel: It is by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified but whom God raised from the dead, that this man stands before you healed. 11He is   " 'the stone you builders rejected,  which has become the capstone.   12 Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to men by which we must be saved."     All of these "christians" like you who twist the bible to condemn things you don't like and try to strip people of their rights, I think you all will have a much different fate in store.  Tell it to your pet squid. Your theology isn't Biblical.   Jesus said "I am the way and the truth and the life; no man comes to the father except through me."   Jesus said, (John 3) For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son,[f] that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. 17 For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God's one and only Son.  You say (basically) "People do not really need Jesus."   Thanks, but I'll take Jesus' word.
"No man comes to the father except through me." Jesus, John 14:6  Acts 4:8Then Peter, filled with the Holy Spirit, said to them: "Rulers and elders of the people! 9If we are being called to account today for an act of kindness shown to a cripple and are asked how he was healed, 10then know this, you and all the people of Israel: It is by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified but whom God raised from the dead, that this man stands before you healed. 11He is   " 'the stone you builders rejected,  which has become the capstone.   12 Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to men by which we must be saved."      Tell it to your pet squid. Your theology isn't Biblical.   Jesus said "I am the way and the truth and the life; no man comes to the father except through me."   Jesus said, (John 3) For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son,[f] that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. 17 For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because he has not believed in the name of God's one and only Son.  You say (basically) "People do not really need Jesus."   Thanks, but I'll take Jesus' word.  Nah, I think that generally it is the belief in Jesus that will send us to Heaven, but I don't think God would deny others who in their own way fulfill Jesus' message of love and forgiveness. As I said, a great example would be Ghandi, who I think will be in heaven along with all those who beleive in Christ and follow his example. Hateful "christian" bigots who harm God's children, however, ther's not much future for them that doesn't contain a lot of burning lakes.  Besides, have you thought about babies that die in childbirth without having a chance to beleive in Jesus? How about people living in remote areas who have never heard of Christianity, let alone Jesus? You might say that they all have an opportunity as we have explored most of the world, but how about those who lived a few hundred years ago - the native peoples of the Amazon and the Congo before the Americas were ever visited or known about by Christians? Do you think they are all going to hell? If you do, I think that's a pretty sad version of god that you have.
Read Romans chapters 1-4.  Also, I believe infants go to heaven since they have no moral framework of right and wrong. But God help the bloody abortionists.
Read Romans chapters 1-4.  Also, I believe infants go to heaven since they have no moral framework of right and wrong. But God help the bloody abortionists.  Sorry, but we inherited natural sin from our parents, therefore they are sinful.  Abortion has nothing to do with infants (except for the rare and almost universally banned partial-birth abortion). Abortion has to do with foetuses that are not even developed enough to have a brain formed.
I'm trying to keep score.  Buddha's in a box.  Ghandi's in Hell?  I think Ghandi's problems that are now haunting him for eternity are (1) he rejected Christ as his personal Lord and Savior, and (2) he has no atonement for his sins (surely ole Ghandi had some, n'est pas?).
I think Ghandi's problems that are now haunting him for eternity are (1) he rejected Christ as his personal Lord and Savior, and (2) he has no atonement for his sins (surely ole Ghandi had some, n'est pas?).  My answer to this is in post #92. Like I say there, what about the people that never had a chance to accept OR reject Jesus. What about all the babies that die as they are being born or right after they are born?
Dante's inferno had all those who never knew Jesus in the first circle of hell, so technically Ghandi and all those children are running forever into a strong wind.... Wow, I haven't heard anyone reference the divine comedy for a long time. Brings back memories of Senior year Literature class.  Most "christians" I have met would belong in the Eighth Circle in Bolgia 6.
The problem I have with say Dante's Inferno etc is that this is purely hypothetical. God is the Judge. You answer to him for your deeds or misdeeds. I am quite sure he can cope and always has.  No person on Earth has the right to say that another WILL go to hell or wherever even though they may wish it. That is God's prerogative.
The problem I have with say Dante's Inferno etc is that this is purely hypothetical. God is the Judge. You answer to him for your deeds or misdeeds. I am quite sure he can cope and always has.  No person on Earth has the right to say that another WILL go to hell or wherever even though they may wish it. That is God's prerogative.  And yet, we hear it innumerous times from those like you who oppose abortion and gay rights.  I'm gonna have to save this post of yours for the next time I hear one of them saying that.
 My answer to this is in post #92. Like I say there, what about the people that never had a chance to accept OR reject Jesus.  I referenced Romans chapters 1-4 for you. Did you read them? Let me give you just one passage:  Romans 2:14( Indeed, when Gentiles, who do not have the law, do by nature things required by the law, they are a law for themselves, even though they do not have the law, 15 since they show that the requirements of the law are written on their hearts, their consciences also bearing witness, and their thoughts now accusing, now even defending them.) 16 This will take place on the day when God will judge men's secrets through Jesus Christ..  So, people who have never heard of Christ still have their consciences to deal with, and that will be examined by God on Judgment Day. For some, their consciences will be a defense for them; for others, it will testify against them. God will make a fair determination of their lives.   What about all the babies that die as they are being born or right after they are born?  Like I said, I believe they go to heaven. King David said (after his infant son had died) "I shall go to him, but he shall not come (back) to me."
I referenced Romans chapters 1-4 for you. Did you read them? Let me give you just one passage:  Romans 2:14( Indeed, when Gentiles, who do not have the law, do by nature things required by the law, they are a law for themselves, even though they do not have the law, 15 since they show that the requirements of the law are written on their hearts, their consciences also bearing witness, and their thoughts now accusing, now even defending them.) 16 This will take place on the day when God will judge men's secrets through Jesus Christ..  So, people who have never heard of Christ still have their consciences to deal with, and that will be examined by God on Judgment Day. For some, their consciences will be a defense for them; for others, it will testify against them. God will make a fair determination of their lives.    Like I said, I believe they go to heaven. King David said (after his infant son had died) "I shall go to him, but he shall not come (back) to me."  But, he who is with sin cannot enter the kingdom of heaven, so babies would not be able to. Also: John 14:6: Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." It's either one or the other, EZ. You seemed so eager before to say they went to hell, but now that we pointed out something that doesn't fit, you seem to be flip-flopping.
But, he who is with sin cannot enter the kingdom of heaven, so babies would not be able to. Also: John 14:6: Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." It's either one or the other, EZ. You seemed so eager before to say they went to hell, but now that we pointed out something that doesn't fit, you seem to be flip-flopping.  You seem pretty eager to have people in hell yourself. Why don't you talk it over with Jesus at your Judgment?
You seem pretty eager to have people in hell yourself. Why don't you talk it over with Jesus at your Judgment?  Nah, I'm just playing devil's advocate to your posts, trying to find out where you stand on it all. Oh, and, I plan to talk it over with Jesus when I get to heaven, and I expect to be in the company of people like Ghandi (as well as others who lived by Christ's message even if they were of a different religion), a lot of people that never even heard of Jesus, and even some of my Wiccan friends (nearly every one I know is more godly than most "christians" I have met).  I also suspect we will all be looking down at all of the "christians" who twisted the bible to support their bigotry and hatred toward gays and people who had abortions.
And yet, we hear it innumerous times from those like you who oppose abortion and gay rights.  I'm gonna have to save this post of yours for the next time I hear one of them saying that.   For the record I have NEVER opposed abortion. I do not oppose gay rights. I might argue as to the definition of such rights (on occasion)  I have ALWAYS maintained that it is God's prerogative to judge us (apart from earthly secular laws etc)
For the record I have NEVER opposed abortion. I do not oppose gay rights. I might argue as to the definition of such rights (on occasion)  I have ALWAYS maintained that it is God's prerogative to judge us (apart from earthly secular laws etc) Yes, I have looked at your post history, and you do not oppose abortion. I think that gives you more credibility in my eyes, and I commend you on your position.
How do you see God
How do you see God  First, I drink two glasses of fine Scotch. I then find my favorite mind altering substance, and smoke it. I then go outside in the summer night, and watch the stars.
How do you see God  Hi Matthew, I voted for #1 because that's who my heavenly Father is, unconditional Love. But He is also a Holy God and a Jealous God who wants the relationship with us that He created us for. God wont compromise and requires obedience from His children. Have you read where it say's that "God chastens those whom He Loves" ? That means that as a parent will punish and correct a child they love, so will our heavenly Father. I know I have been corrected by Him on many occassions.   God is a personal God who is interested in and actively involved in my life. He is with me every moment of every day and cares about the smallest decision I must make in life. Before I received jesus as my Savior I couldn't even read the bible because it made no sense to me. Immediately after receiving Him, I understood the Word of God clearly because apart from Christ, we are blind and deaf to the truths of God. I felt the Holy Spirit come into me and I was filled with new life which is what being born again means. From that moment on I have been an alien in this World and alive in Christ with the ability to understand and comprehend spiritual insights that never even existed to me prior to being born again.  I knew that all my sins were forgiven and that I had received the free gift of salvation that jesus died on the Cross for. This is real, it is life and it is why we are here. And it doesn't matter what sins we have commited Matt, because Jesus died for ALL of them. "For all have sinned and fall short of the Glory of God, not one is worthy, not even one". "It is by Grace that we are saved and not by works, so that no man should boast, it is a free gift of God".
Hi Matthew, I voted for #1 because that's who my heavenly Father is, unconditional Love.     Yet your acceptence of Him as a inhuman monster that is presented in the old testament is at odds with your statement.  You say God is love but you believe God is fear.
How do you see God  Are you asking for the text book answer on what I know to be true about God or are you asking what my behavior tells me that I actually believe about God?
Would you please be willing to share some of those spiritual insights? I am fascinated. Thank you.  I kind of did by explaining how the bible was foreign to me prior to being saved yet it speaks personally to me now. The bible is the LIVING WORD of GOD and can only be understood fully by those who know Him personally. It's giberish to all others. Also, why do you exist ? Why was man created in the first place ? That question haunted me as a young teen. I wanted to know the reason for my life, what is the reason I live ? He answered those questions for me so now I know that I come from Royal Lineage and am a child of a King of Kings and Lord of Lords. I'm not an orphan who is lost as I was before knowing I was unconditionally loved by my Father in Heaven.  Yet your acceptence of Him as a inhuman monster that is presented in the old testament is at odds with your statement.  You say God is love but you believe God is fear.  Your view of the God of the OT is very skewed my friend. But it will take a lot more time than this forum allows to deal with the culture, conflicts and sense of justice that existed then in comparison to our modern way of thinking. Imagine if we could take the most barbaric heathen from 4000 years ago, take them around on a 2 week tour and show them the hi-tech modern, efficient methods, and the actual fetuses of the 6000 human babies we so effectively abort each day in this Country alone. Do you think they would consider their time more or less barbaric than ours ?  It is all relative to our perspective Matt, so from the perspective of the Age of Grace, the Age of the Law seemed harsh. But don't forget that the same God who gave us the Age of the Law, also gave us the Age of Grace which we currently reside in. And you can thank what Jesus did for this Age.
How do you see God  Find the word problem in the Bible and its meaning and I will answer your question.
So in other words, you're saying that somewhere along the lines, God changed his mind.  What if it was his plan all along. I cannot see a better way to demonstrate love that is freely given and freely received. Which could lead us to yet another topic which is "what is love". Has anyone done that one yet or should I start a thread?  Huck
Thank you. I understand now what you are saying.  I respectfully disagree, however, that not knowing why we exist makes life meaningless. I have no idea why we have come to be what we are. I suspect there really is no reason and I don't have a problem with that in the least. I don't find that difficult to comprehend, nor do I think it is a cause for despair. It doesn't change the amazing "outcome" for me, no matter how or why we got here.  I think things are pretty wonderful the way they are, even if I am not royalty. The world is pretty amazing on its own. Just today, I have enjoyed the cherry blossoms exploding, my cat sleeping in the sink, the sun shining on the mountains and Ella Fitzgerald singing "Bewitched". That's a good day, and it's only 2 o'clock. I am a content person who is lucky to be alive and loved by many, and I am thankful for that.   But that's just me. Thanks for your take on things, and I am happy you get that much out of the Bible.  As I read of your day I realized how much our heavenly Father enjoyed looking and seeing you enjoy your day. He gets great joy looking in on our happiest yet most mundane moments in life. Your day wasn't much different from mine. I don't claim any type of different life than the average person my friend, I just understand I'm not alone as I live it.  So in other words, you're saying that somewhere along the lines, God changed his mind.  Not at all. The Age of Grace ushered in with Messiah is a natural progression to the Age of the Law that is the Old Testament.
  Your view of the God of the OT is very skewed my friend. But it will take a lot more time than this forum allows to deal with the culture, conflicts and sense of justice that existed then in comparison to our modern way of thinking. Imagine if we could take the most barbaric heathen from 4000 years ago, take them around on a 2 week tour and show them the hi-tech modern, efficient methods, and the actual fetuses of the 6000 human babies we so effectively abort each day in this Country alone. Do you think they would consider their time more or less barbaric than ours ?    Wow. Keep preaching my friend. It is good to have ye here.
I kind of did by explaining how the bible was foreign to me prior to being saved yet it speaks personally to me now. The bible is the LIVING WORD of GOD and can only be understood fully by those who know Him personally. It's giberish to all others. Also, why do you exist ? Why was man created in the first place ? That question haunted me as a young teen. I wanted to know the reason for my life, what is the reason I live ? He answered those questions for me so now I know that I come from Royal Lineage and am a child of a King of Kings and Lord of Lords. I'm not an orphan who is lost as I was before knowing I was unconditionally loved by my Father in Heaven.    Your view of the God of the OT is very skewed my friend. But it will take a lot more time than this forum allows to deal with the culture, conflicts and sense of justice that existed then in comparison to our modern way of thinking. Imagine if we could take the most barbaric heathen from 4000 years ago, take them around on a 2 week tour and show them the hi-tech modern, efficient methods, and the actual fetuses of the 6000 human babies we so effectively abort each day in this Country alone. Do you think they would consider their time more or less barbaric than ours ?  It is all relative to our perspective Matt, so from the perspective of the Age of Grace, the Age of the Law seemed harsh. But don't forget that the same God who gave us the Age of the Law, also gave us the Age of Grace which we currently reside in. And you can thank what Jesus did for this Age.   Then by your own admission the OT is irrelevant to todays standards?  All I know is that the bible is being used as a weapon against my people by people who only believe the bible is the "LIVING WORD of GOD" when it is convenient. They igonor certain parts they consider irrelevant to their modern lives while adhering to the other parts as the literal truth, without taking the whole book into historical and cultural context. Either the bible was written for a certain time and place or all, and I mean all, is the literal "LIVING WORD of GOD". It can not be both.
Then by your own admission the OT is irrelevant to todays standards?  No Matt, that's not what I'm saying at all. The truths and principles in the OT still stand up today and always will. Some of the customs and traditions of that period no longer apply but the OT never promoted those customs and traditions as eternal standards to live by.  All I know is that the bible is being used as a weapon against my people by people who only believe the bible is the "LIVING WORD of GOD" when it is convenient. They igonor certain parts they consider irrelevant to their modern lives while adhering to the other parts as the literal truth, without taking the whole book into historical and cultural context. Either the bible was written for a certain time and place or all, and I mean all, is the literal "LIVING WORD of GOD". It can not be both.  I'm not going to defend or attempt to justify how other believers interpret the bible Matt. But I told you on another forum as well as this one that God loves you in spite of your homosexuality. Maybe sharing of my own shortcomings will help you to understand how God doesn't compromise with any of us where sin is involved. 8 months after getting saved God told me very clearly in a word of knowledge, ie prophetic utterance to quit smoking cigs and He would use me in a powerful way. Dont quit and I would fall away for 30 years and stumble into other sins of the flesh due to my disobedience in that one area.  I screamed no Lord, I'll never deny or turn away from you. Needless to say, I wasted 30 years of my life struggling with sins of the flesh and cigs until 2 years ago when I was miraculously delivered from my addictions. But before I was delivered I had to finally put those cigarettes down and finally trust God to see me through the withdrawals. I also suffered from lust, pot smoking and drinking. Basically my personal life was a mess and I was miserable. Today I am free of all addictions and am finally living the victorious God always intended for me.   The point is that as long as I lived in disobedience to God's will, He would never allow me to move to the next level of spiritual growth. That night two years ago He showed me that I was grieving the Holy Spirit which indwells me and was in jeopardy of being given over to a reprobate mind. He showed me how on one hand I had His unconditional Love while on the other hand, I was sacrificing that Love for cigs, beer, and a little pot that quenched the Spirit within me. Finally I saw what a waste it was compared to His Eternal Glory and Love and the rest is history, I was delivered.  The gay community continues to blame and demonize the Christian/ evangelical community for insisting that in order for gays to get right with God, they must give up their lascivious ways. It is exactly the same way for we straight people. We must live apart from acts of lust, adultery, orgies, and equally lascivious though heterosexual behavior. Your problem is with God my friend, not me or the Christian community. I lived with a friend who was a guy in Utah for 2 years once, without sinning once with him.   You see Matt, I think your constant threads about spiritual questions and God is strong evidence that He is reaching out to you in a big way. And you are open to His voice and spirit in equally as big a way. You also know that the things I say are true and honest beliefs spoken without personal motive or private agenda. I know you dont want to hear this part, but submit to Him as your heart is telling you to. Worry about working out the next step after that. But first accept the lords salvation that is available to you and He will guide you into all understanding regarding your future with Him. And know that He will never lose or forsake you.
If God (or his love...God is Love...) was unconditional, then there would be no need for Grace, nor the Cross. There would be no sin.  That's why I commented about the word "problem". It's not there...
If God (or his love...God is Love...) was unconditional, then there would be no need for Grace, nor the Cross. There would be no sin.  That's why I commented about the word "problem". It's not there...  Well, from the viewpoint of another of the other religions, there IS no need for Grace, nor the Cross.
Well, from the viewpoint of another of the other religions, there IS no need for Grace, nor the Cross.  True. But I was referring to the OP, which I took to be the God of the Holy Bible.  I guess I should have stated that.
No Matt, that's not what I'm saying at all. The truths and principles in the OT still stand up today and always will. Some of the customs and traditions of that period no longer apply but the OT never promoted those customs and traditions as eternal standards to live by.  Exactly! Being gay and having gay sex may not have been an acceptable custom to those who needed childern in an agricultual scoiety. Levitical law has no place in our culture. Also in a culture that considered women property and slaves to men anything that made a man a woman would be shunned. Once again not relevant to our culture.   I'm not going to defend or attempt to justify how other believers interpret the bible Matt. But I told you on another forum as well as this one that God loves you in spite of your homosexuality. Maybe sharing of my own shortcomings will help you to understand how God doesn't compromise with any of us where sin is involved. 8 months after getting saved God told me very clearly in a word of knowledge, ie prophetic utterance to quit smoking cigs and He would use me in a powerful way. Dont quit and I would fall away for 30 years and stumble into other sins of the flesh due to my disobedience in that one area.  I screamed no Lord, I'll never deny or turn away from you. Needless to say, I wasted 30 years of my life struggling with sins of the flesh and cigs until 2 years ago when I was miraculously delivered from my addictions. But before I was delivered I had to finally put those cigarettes down and finally trust God to see me through the withdrawals. I also suffered from lust, pot smoking and drinking. Basically my personal life was a mess and I was miserable. Today I am free of all addictions and am finally living the victorious God always intended for me.   The point is that as long as I lived in disobedience to God's will, He would never allow me to move to the next level of spiritual growth. That night two years ago He showed me that I was grieving the Holy Spirit which indwells me and was in jeopardy of being given over to a reprobate mind. He showed me how on one hand I had His unconditional Love while on the other hand, I was sacrificing that Love for cigs, beer, and a little pot that quenched the Spirit within me. Finally I saw what a waste it was compared to His Eternal Glory and Love and the rest is history, I was delivered.  The gay community continues to blame and demonize the Christian/ evangelical community for insisting that in order for gays to get right with God, they must give up their lascivious ways. It is exactly the same way for we straight people. We must live apart from acts of lust, adultery, orgies, and equally lascivious though heterosexual behavior. Your problem is with God my friend, not me or the Christian community. I lived with a friend who was a guy in Utah for 2 years once, without sinning once with him.    Yet they are not asked to give up being heterosexual. The church is asking gay people to give up a God given part of themselves. That is why we demonize certain religious sects because they would make us something God did not intend us to be heterosexual. What kind of God creates His children a certain way then punishes them for who He created them to be. That is insane. That is like if I have a child with blue eyes I am going to beat him and disown him because of his blue eyes or saying that the only way I would love that child is to have him cut out his blue eyes or ware color correcting contacts.   You see Matt, I think your constant threads about spiritual questions and God is strong evidence that He is reaching out to you in a big way. And you are open to His voice and spirit in equally as big a way. You also know that the things I say are true and honest beliefs spoken without personal motive or private agenda. I know you dont want to hear this part, but submit to Him as your heart is telling you to. Worry about working out the next step after that. But first accept the lords salvation that is available to you and He will guide you into all understanding regarding your future with Him. And know that He will never lose or forsake you.  Well then you will understand that I too have had a "prophetic utterance" when He showed me that my gayness was His gift to me to be cherished and celebrated. That my husband is His gift to me and He blesses our marriage. I also have come to understand that you are right the Holy Spirit is working hard to change the hearts of those who have hardened their hearts towards gay people and do not accept us as full children of God; created just as He created us. That gayness is a gift and not a sin or curse.  You would be wrong these threads are designed to get you thinking about how others percieve your fanatisim
True. But I was referring to the OP, which I took to be the God of the Holy Bible.  I guess I should have stated that.   In specific, the God of the Christian Holy Bible.
Exactly! Being gay and having gay sex may not have been an acceptable custom to those who needed childern in an agricultual scoiety. Levitical law has no place in our culture. Also in a culture that considered women property and slaves to men anything that made a man a woman would be shunned. Once again not relevant to our culture.  But we still need children today if we hope to continue as a species Matt. Look at the panic taking place in Russia and Europe where the birth to death ratio is reaching zero. They fear that within one generation they wont have a new generation of workers to replace the retiring generation od seniors. Why do you think that the consequences of our sins are less serious today than they were 4500 years ago ?    Yet they are not asked to give up being heterosexual. The church is asking gay people to give up a God given part of themselves. That is why we demonize certain religious sects because they would make us something God did not intend us to be heterosexual.  You assume much my friend. If being gay was God given then He never would have condemned it in the bible. And it isn't the Church that is asking people to give up being gay, it is just upholding what it believes God's will is pertaining to sinful acts of the flesh. Just like the church condemns adultery for straight people. It's no different to God.  What kind of God creates His children a certain way then punishes them for who He created them to be. That is insane. That is like if I have a child with blue eyes I am going to beat him and disown him because of his blue eyes or saying that the only way I would love that child is to have him cut out his blue eyes or ware color correcting contacts.  I know this is going to hurt you, but it needs to be pointed out. Did God make Mentally Retarded Children as they are ? Or Mongoloids ? Or the Physically Handicapped ? Or Children born with diseases that devalue the quality of their lives ? Or are these handicaps the result of our fallen natures. And most importantly, doesn't God love each of these people equally in spite of the physical maladies that afflict them ? So I dont believe it was Gods will that a small percentage of humanity should be gay, approximately 5%. But neither did he choose that I should be born with a deviated septum. Either way He still loves us equally in spite of our flaws. But that doesn't mean He created us this way. It means He allowed us to live in spite of our flaws.   Well then you will understand that I too have had a "prophetic utterance" when He showed me that my gayness was His gift to me to be cherished and celebrated. That my husband is His gift to me and He blesses our marriage. I also have come to understand that you are right the Holy Spirit is working hard to change the hearts of those who have hardened their hearts towards gay people and do not accept us as full children of God; created just as He created us. That gayness is a gift and not a sin or curse.  If you are right and aren't deceiving yourself then I applaud your epiphany. And I will praise God in eternity for His truth and His grace regarding the homosexual condition. But I submit you are hoping your beliefs are correct but know nothing of the kind for certain. Don't fight God my friend. Receive Him and be saved, both you and your significant other. Seek His will for your lives and trust Him to guide you both into understanding His will for your lives. He will never leave you or forsake you Matt. He died for you because He loves you more than life itself.  You would be wrong, these threads are designed to get you thinking about how others percieve your fanatisim  Why would I care how others perceive me when I know that I am following the God of all Creation ? And if at the end of life it is found that I am right to believe my God and to take His Word literally, is that the definition of a fanatic ? I dont think so. I mean, what is fanatical about the absolute truth according to the author of all life ?
I know this is going to hurt you, but it needs to be pointed out. Did God make Mentally Retarded Children as they are ? Or Mongoloids ? Or the Physically Handicapped ? Or Children born with diseases that devalue the quality of their lives ? Or are these handicaps the result of our fallen natures. And most importantly, doesn't God love each of these people equally in spite of the physical maladies that afflict them ? So I dont believe it was Gods will that a small percentage of humanity should be gay, approximately 5%. But neither did he choose that I should be born with a deviated septum. Either way He still loves us equally in spite of our flaws. But that doesn't mean He created us this way. It means He allowed us to live in spite of our flaws.  The problem with that thinking is that it pretty much denies the sovereignty of God. According to your thinking, there are some things outside of God's control (hence your statements 'neither did he choose that I should be born with a deviated septum" and "that doesn't mean He created us this way". There things, therefore, happened outside of God's work.  Or maybe you use the usual response to this, that He "allowed" it to happen--knowing all along that it would. But then you are back to square one--God allowed some people to be gay, as a part of nature. For all practical purposes, that's the same as saying he made them that way.
I know this is going to hurt you, but it needs to be pointed out. Did God make Mentally Retarded Children as they are ? Or Mongoloids ? Or the Physically Handicapped ? Or Children born with diseases that devalue the quality of their lives ? Or are these handicaps the result of our fallen natures. And most importantly, doesn't God love each of these people equally in spite of the physical maladies that afflict them ? So I dont believe it was Gods will that a small percentage of humanity should be gay, approximately 5%. But neither did he choose that I should be born with a deviated septum. Either way He still loves us equally in spite of our flaws. But that doesn't mean He created us this way. It means He allowed us to live in spite of our flaws.   As Jyoshu already noted, your belief would show that God is NOT all-powerful, that there are things that happen outside of him, thereby denying the sovereignty of God. Either he made you that way, or you were made that way by something outside of god (more powerful than god, possibly). "Allowing" it to happen is the same as him making them that way.
It sounds like a few folks think that God "creates" or "allows" mentally retarded people. Does He create or "make happen" the lightning that strikes the golfer or the hurricane that smashes seaside towns? Sounds like some radical religionist's hype.  Does He cause the little bird to fall from the nest or is He just aware of it?  At the onset of humanity, He told Adam and Eve that the earth is here for them (mankind). He told them to take care of it. He said nothing about taking over if they (we) couldn't handle it.  Blaming God for all the things, both good and bad, that happen is a mistake, imho. Some things just happen. Does that mean that God's not in control? No, it only reinforces that He still is.
The problem with that thinking is that it pretty much denies the sovereignty of God. According to your thinking, there are some things outside of God's control (hence your statements 'neither did he choose that I should be born with a deviated septum" and "that doesn't mean He created us this way". There things, therefore, happened outside of God's work.  Or maybe you use the usual response to this, that He "allowed" it to happen--knowing all along that it would. But then you are back to square one--God allowed some people to be gay, as a part of nature. For all practical purposes, that's the same as saying he made them that way.  It simply means that although God CAN make everything perfect according to His standards of perfection if He chose to, it doesn't mean that He must. Your perspective also denies the laws of cause and effect as well as paying the consequences for certain actions. If these abnormalities are caused due to our fall from Grace and our sinful nature, then God, according to His own Laws must allow the natural progression of our natures play itself out.   He, of course can offer us a spiritual way out which is exactly what He did by taking on flesh and becoming the promised Messiah who would take the sins of man upon Himself as He died for our transgressions. And this is the whole concept that you unbelievers are fighting against so hard. But God has left no holes to wiggle through. You will find that His Word is faithful when He said, you either Love me or you Hate me. There is no in between when all is said and done.
I disagree. Big Orn is right. Only Calvinists and other determinists hold to this.  "Allowing" it is making a choice by default.
It sounds like a few folks think that God "creates" or "allows" mentally retarded people. Does He create or "make happen" the lightning that strikes the golfer or the hurricane that smashes seaside towns? Sounds like some radical religionist's hype.  I disagree. Big Orn is right. Only Calvinists and other determinists hold to this.  Well, if he doesn't know-of/allow these things, then He's not really God, now is He? There's no way to believe in God without subscribing to the view that he allows or causes these things. Otherwise, He's no God after all. It's not "radical religion"--it's straight logic. If you're going to subscribe to the idea of an 'all-powerful' being, then you don't get to suddenly pretend he's not really all-powerful.  Blaming God for all the things, both good and bad, that happen is a mistake, imho. Some things just happen. Does that mean that God's not in control? No, it only reinforces that He still is.  If they happen outside of his knowledge, then yes, He would not be in control. It's pretty straightforward.
It simply means that although God CAN make everything perfect according to His standards of perfection if He chose to, it doesn't mean that He must. Your perspective also denies the laws of cause and effect as well as paying the consequences for certain actions. If these abnormalities are caused due to our fall from Grace and our sinful nature, then God, according to His own Laws must allow the natural progression of our natures play itself out.   Personally, I think sometimes religious people rely on the the idea of the 'fall' to avoid having to subscribe bad things to God. "Blame it on the fall--it's a lot easier." If you're going to hold to the idea of an all-powerful being, then He simply has to be all-powerful. Even the fall can't take place outside His will.
Inconsistency sure seems like an odd way to show it.  Inconsistent from my limited, finite, colored and distorted viewpoint? I suppose , if you want to rest all your weight on such a thing.  Don't get me wrong. I'm no more ready to accept it all than you, I simply cannot deny the objective facts of it all.  Huck
Personally, I think sometimes religious people rely on the the idea of the 'fall' to avoid having to subscribe bad things to God. "Blame it on the fall--it's a lot easier." If you're going to hold to the idea of an all-powerful being, then He simply has to be all-powerful. Even the fall can't take place outside His will.  It is silly to ascribe things to God that are more logically ascribed to man.  The fall is not simply a cop out. It makes much more sense that the limited and finite would err than it does the infinite.  Occam's razer applies in this direction. People usually use it to say there is not a god. But in this case, it makes much more sense that the universe is screwed up because of us rather than God. (That is given the assumption that God exists).
Personally, I think sometimes religious people rely on the the idea of the 'fall' to avoid having to subscribe bad things to God. "Blame it on the fall--it's a lot easier." If you're going to hold to the idea of an all-powerful being, then He simply has to be all-powerful. Even the fall can't take place outside His will.  God is all powerful, yet He set up certain Spiritual and Physical Laws when He created the World and all life within it. If God were to do something that interfered with our Free Will, then He would be breaking His own Laws and He wont do that. You may not understand or appreciate that but He is perfectly balanced and in perfect control of the Creation He oversees. Just because God allows imperfections in His creation to exist, it doesn't follow at all that He is also imperfect. The assumption is ludicrous as it assumes that the creator is no greater than the least of His creations.
Jyoshu, I'm not jabbing at you by any means. In no way do I consider you a radical. The point is we can't assign blame to God for the carnal aspects of our lives. There is a reason God made the earth and all the physical laws that we have to abide by. We are here to overcome whatever it is, and those things that we can't overcome, we have to ask for help from Him, which He already promised to take care of. Just because I fell off a building and died, doesn't mean God did it or allowed it. I just didn't watch where I was going.  The "radical religionist" part stems from all the "God made me this way" nonsense, which is not so. We are the ones that shape our lives by the choices we make. Just like the retarded boy next door, for example - God didn't do that horrible thing, which not only affects him, but also his parents, siblings, other family members in a detrimental fashion. That retarded boy will never overcome that, but God uses that natural occurrence for those of us that do understand the way of things. Christ said He couldn't spare us from these things, but that He has a way out through Him because He has already overcome the world (John 16:33). When that boy's parents understand that their son's troubles will spare a soul from the tribulations of this world, and that Christ can spare theirs, then they can have peace. So many - too many - people point a finger at God for the natural occurrences of life. A kid suffers at the hand of a child predator, not the wishes, wants, or allowances of God. A husband cheats on his wife not because God allows that behavior, but because of His power to grant us the freedom to choose right and wrong, good and evil.
You say I only see it as inconsistent because I don't have the mind of God (which would be impossible for me to have of course) and then say this is all based on "objective facts" which we can have. Which is it? Also, what "objective facts" are you referring to exactly?  Actually, that is an incorrect summation.  The point about objective facts are what the scripture says about God's nature and the logic of him being the way he is described. It all fits nicely. If he is infinite then it would make sense that he would be the one who sets the standards and the one who says whether or not those standards are correct.  I am alluding to other things there but that statement is not really that material to the argument. If the christian God is as described in the bible (and lets face it, if we are talking about the christian god then we have to accept the bible as the authority on his nature, we have little other choice), then for me to say He is inconsistent or unloving is a little like a painting complaining about the painters skills.  Huck
Yet your acceptence of Him as a inhuman monster that is presented in the old testament is at odds with your statement.  You say God is love but you believe God is fear.  I feared my parents when I screwed up, but I knew that they loved me. Where's the confusion? emoticon_confused
I feared my parents when I screwed up, but I knew that they loved me. Where's the confusion? emoticon_confused  The difference is that I bet your parents never threatened to throw you into the furnace. Then again maybe they did.
But we still need children today if we hope to continue as a species Matt. Look at the panic taking place in Russia and Europe where the birth to death ratio is reaching zero. They fear that within one generation they wont have a new generation of workers to replace the retiring generation od seniors. Why do you think that the consequences of our sins are less serious today than they were 4500 years ago ?   You assume much my friend. If being gay was God given then He never would have condemned it in the bible. And it isn't the Church that is asking people to give up being gay, it is just upholding what it believes God's will is pertaining to sinful acts of the flesh. Just like the church condemns adultery for straight people. It's no different to God.  I know this is going to hurt you, but it needs to be pointed out. Did God make Mentally Retarded Children as they are ? Or Mongoloids ? Or the Physically Handicapped ? Or Children born with diseases that devalue the quality of their lives ? Or are these handicaps the result of our fallen natures. And most importantly, doesn't God love each of these people equally in spite of the physical maladies that afflict them ? So I dont believe it was Gods will that a small percentage of humanity should be gay, approximately 5%. But neither did he choose that I should be born with a deviated septum. Either way He still loves us equally in spite of our flaws. But that doesn't mean He created us this way. It means He allowed us to live in spite of our flaws.  If you are right and aren't deceiving yourself then I applaud your epiphany. And I will praise God in eternity for His truth and His grace regarding the homosexual condition. But I submit you are hoping your beliefs are correct but know nothing of the kind for certain. Don't fight God my friend. Receive Him and be saved, both you and your significant other. Seek His will for your lives and trust Him to guide you both into understanding His will for your lives. He will never leave you or forsake you Matt. He died for you because He loves you more than life itself.  Why would I care how others perceive me when I know that I am following the God of all Creation ? And if at the end of life it is found that I am right to believe my God and to take His Word literally, is that the definition of a fanatic ? I dont think so. I mean, what is fanatical about the absolute truth according to the author of all life ?  I'm disappointed in you Matthew. I answered all of your questions sincerely, truthfully, scripturally and with Love, yet you don't even respond. Maybe it isn't the truth you are seeking but just an opportunity to bash christians. If that's the case then I feel deeply for you because you'll never find the truth by fighting those whose God you seek to know. The solution is acceptance of each other in spite of those issues that cause us to stumble.
But we still need children today if we hope to continue as a species Matt. Look at the panic taking place in Russia and Europe where the birth to death ratio is reaching zero. They fear that within one generation they wont have a new generation of workers to replace the retiring generation od seniors. Why do you think that the consequences of our sins are less serious today than they were 4500 years ago ?   You assume much my friend. If being gay was God given then He never would have condemned it in the bible. And it isn't the Church that is asking people to give up being gay, it is just upholding what it believes God's will is pertaining to sinful acts of the flesh. Just like the church condemns adultery for straight people. It's no different to God.  I know this is going to hurt you, but it needs to be pointed out. Did God make Mentally Retarded Children as they are ? Or Mongoloids ? Or the Physically Handicapped ? Or Children born with diseases that devalue the quality of their lives ? Or are these handicaps the result of our fallen natures. And most importantly, doesn't God love each of these people equally in spite of the physical maladies that afflict them ? So I dont believe it was Gods will that a small percentage of humanity should be gay, approximately 5%. But neither did he choose that I should be born with a deviated septum. Either way He still loves us equally in spite of our flaws. But that doesn't mean He created us this way. It means He allowed us to live in spite of our flaws.  If you are right and aren't deceiving yourself then I applaud your epiphany. And I will praise God in eternity for His truth and His grace regarding the homosexual condition. But I submit you are hoping your beliefs are correct but know nothing of the kind for certain. Don't fight God my friend. Receive Him and be saved, both you and your significant other. Seek His will for your lives and trust Him to guide you both into understanding His will for your lives. He will never leave you or forsake you Matt. He died for you because He loves you more than life itself.  Why would I care how others perceive me when I know that I am following the God of all Creation ? And if at the end of life it is found that I am right to believe my God and to take His Word literally, is that the definition of a fanatic ? I dont think so. I mean, what is fanatical about the absolute truth according to the author of all life ?  I'm disappointed in you Matthew. I answered all of your questions sincerely, truthfully, scripturally and with Love, yet you don't even respond. Maybe it isn't the truth you are seeking but just an opportunity to bash christians. If that's the case then I feel deeply for you because you'll never find the truth by fighting those whose God you seek to know. The solution is acceptance of each other in spite of those issues that cause us to stumble.
I'm disappointed in you Matthew. I answered all of your questions sincerely, truthfully, scripturally and with Love, yet you don't even respond. Maybe it isn't the truth you are seeking but just an opportunity to bash christians. If that's the case then I feel deeply for you because you'll never find the truth by fighting those whose God you seek to know. The solution is acceptance of each other in spite of those issues that cause us to stumble.  I do not respond  1 because I did not have time this afternoon. 2 because it does no good. It is like beating my head against a brick wall.:xbanghead in your world you can hear God talking to you and that is "prophetic utterance" yet the message I got I am deceving myself. What more answer could I give you. I have given you my answer. I know in my heart as I have told you that my gayness and my husband are a gift and a blessing from God. Yet you do not want to hear this because you can't see God because you are hung up on what was written by some homophobe 3 & 1/2 thousound years ago. I see two types of christianity those that preach love and acceptance and those that preach fear and damnation. In my mind and by your own words you fit in the latter group. Life is too short and precious for us to live in fear and not to celebrate the gifts God has given us.
Yet you do not want to hear this because you can't see God because you are hung up on what was written by some homophobe 3 & 1/2 thousound years ago.   Admittedly this is where you lose me Matt, because that homophobe you refer to is the Holy Spirit himself who inspired the writer(s) of the very books of the bible you struggle with. So once again, your problem isn't with me, or even with the writers of the bible but the God who has outlined what is right and wrong according to HIS PERFECT WILL for His Creation. You seem to believe you can question and reject His will while claiming to being accepted by Him at the same time. I've been around long enough to understand how that is a waste of time and energy. Not to mention an excercise in futility.  Let me just ask you this question to consider. If I insisted that I'm a spirit filled Christian who was receiving Prophetic Words of Knowledge from God while at the same time openly having an adulterous affair which is clearly against Gods will, would you encourage my walk with Christ as it stands, or would you call me a flaming hypocrite ? You'd call me an obvious hypocrite.  Then why do you insist that just because you're gay you deserve a pass on Gods standing statutes regarding morality and submission to His Holiness and Perfect Will for us ?
I feared my parents when I screwed up, but I knew that they loved me. Where's the confusion? emoticon_confused But why did you fear them, JP? Because they would discipline you? That's my case...and, so far, I guess I'm the only one that voted that way about God.  Some folks see God as a smiling idiot, skipping around throwing little flowers all about while we make wrong choices, sink deeper in sin, and try to cover ourselves in a blanket of self-righteousness.
Jyoshu, I'm not jabbing at you by any means. In no way do I consider you a radical. The point is we can't assign blame to God for the carnal aspects of our lives. There is a reason God made the earth and all the physical laws that we have to abide by. We are here to overcome whatever it is, and those things that we can't overcome, we have to ask for help from Him, which He already promised to take care of. Just because I fell off a building and died, doesn't mean God did it or allowed it. I just didn't watch where I was going.  So then am I correct in perceiving that your concern here is that God is being "blamed" more so than simply acknowledging God is behind it?  I'm not really saying we should be 'blaming' God in the sense of saying he did something immoral.  Your analogy about 'avoiding' and 'overcoming' the physical laws that God set in place falls pretty short, because there are too many things that cannot be avoided. If someone is has a terrible birth defect, it's not like that was able to be avoided. If someone is sleeping and a tornado comes and kills them in the middle of the night with no warning, that was not able to be avoided. There's no way to get around the idea that God was behind (or at least knew) of the event.
God's omniscience suggests that he can be "blamed" for not preventing all human suffering (and death?). But suppose he intervened in the world by continuous miracles to avert human tragedies and natural calamities etc. There would be a "clockwork universe" from which chance had been eliminated, and no human freedom.  James.
So then am I correct in perceiving that your concern here is that God is being "blamed" more so than simply acknowledging God is behind it? Putting a person "behind" an action is the same as "blaming" them. I'm not really saying we should be 'blaming' God in the sense of saying he did something immoral. If something immoral is done and God is the one doing it, or allowing it, then, yes, you are saying He is responsible.  Your analogy about 'avoiding' and 'overcoming' the physical laws that God set in place falls pretty short, because there are too many things that cannot be avoided. If someone is has a terrible birth defect, it's not like that was able to be avoided. If someone is sleeping and a tornado comes and kills them in the middle of the night with no warning, that was not able to be avoided. There's no way to get around the idea that God was behind (or at least knew) of the event. If a person is born void of any senses that we would consider a requirement for being "normal", or having what we would consider a "quality of life", then, no it is not avoidable at all. It just happened. How does that fall short? How can we blame God for things that He said are going to be unavoidable? Will he go back on His word? Will He now claim that He is the reason there is evil in this world and that it is He that we have to overcome?  Does God know that evil exists and that it will affect us? Yes. But it's not like evil knocks on His door, tells Him that it is going to rape, murder, and pillage His children, then wait for God to say, "Okay..."
Does God know that evil exists and that it will affect us? Yes. But it's not like evil knocks on His door, tells Him that it is going to rape, murder, and pillage His children, then wait for God to say, "Okay..." I'd suggest reading the account of Job and coming back to us and repeating that with that account in mind. emoticon_xangel
But why did you fear them, JP? Because they would discipline you? That's my case...and, so far, I guess I'm the only one that voted that way about God.  Some folks see God as a smiling idiot, skipping around throwing little flowers all about while we make wrong choices, sink deeper in sin, and try to cover ourselves in a blanket of self-righteousness.  I voted "other". I feared disappointing them more than getting spanked. I was almost never spanked past the age of 5 of so.
I'd suggest reading the account of Job and coming back to us and repeating that with that account in mind. emoticon_xangel  Job would have loved to have lived in this day and age...the Blood and the Cross, that is.  Apples and oranges...emoticon_xangel
Putting a person "behind" an action is the same as "blaming" them.  If something immoral is done and God is the one doing it, or allowing it, then, yes, you are saying He is responsible.  If you prefer the term "blame" then by all means use it. With all due respect, it's not me that's apparently uncomfortable with the idea here.  If a person is born void of any senses that we would consider a requirement for being "normal", or having what we would consider a "quality of life", then, no it is not avoidable at all. It just happened. How does that fall short? How can we blame God for things that He said are going to be unavoidable?  Why not? He created the universe didn't He, and is actively involved in it, isn't He? If you believe in God (as truly God), then nothing "just happens". Unless you are deist, I suppose.  Does God know that evil exists and that it will affect us? Yes. But it's not like evil knocks on His door, tells Him that it is going to rape, murder, and pillage His children, then wait for God to say, "Okay..."  If you don't believe that God would know these things are going to happen to such an extent that He can prevent them, then you don't believe that God is sovereign and omniscient--IOW, you don't really see Him as God after all.
Job would have loved to have lived in this day and age...the Blood and the Cross, that is.  Apples and oranges...emoticon_xangel  Well now, let's see exactly how these are apples and oranges. You claimed that Does God know that evil exists and that it will affect us? Yes. But it's not like evil knocks on His door, tells Him that it is going to rape, murder, and pillage His children, then wait for God to say, "Okay..." and I pointed out an instance (INSIDE the bible) where it happened just that way. Apples and oranges my foot. emoticon_rolleyes
If you don't believe that God would know these things are going to happen to such an extent that He can prevent them, then you don't believe that God is sovereign and omniscient--IOW, you don't really see Him as God after all.  I think we're having communication problems, jyoshu. I know that He knows, and I know that He can prevent anything. He could have just created a world where no sin, no evil existed; a place where He could put us until this journey we're on is over. But then there would have been no need for the Cross.  Who, in your opinion, caused the world to be void and without form in Genesis 1:2?
 Free will is what gives life, and this world, purpose. Otherwise, we are just unknowing cogs in a machine, unknowing players in a twisted, cosmic, tragic comedy. If you're saying that human freedom and an omniscient God are not incompatible, I would agree.  Determinism, or whatever phrase you prefer to use, makes God arbitrary and life meaningless. Does this sound like the kind of God you believe in or would want to believe in? No.   James.
MS, I agree except for the part where you link "in control" and "blame" as being the same.  He can be in control and still not cause bad things to happen. Because He is in control, He will not interfere with our choices. If He had preset my outcome from birth, then how am I to truly choose? And if He preset those things that directly affect me, then how can I overcome adversity. Because He is in control, I am permitted to make mistakes, or become successful.  If He can't change things, then prayer would be an exercise in futility.  BTW - I don't think hell is a place, either. For the lack of a better word, I believe it is a direction that eventually leads to spiritual death.  As far as starting a new thread, I vote: No.
Maybe I should start another thread about this, but it seems relevant here, so here it goes.  Here, in a nutshell, is the problem with the idea that God is in control of everything, or to blame for everything, or behind everything. Whatever phrase you want to use.  If this is so, it means that God has already chosen who will "choose" him and be saved, and those that will not "choose" him and go to hell. If, as in this situation, we do not have any control over our own outcome, then there can be no criterion by which to choose who goes to heaven and who goes to hell.  I think decisions (matters of free will) are a completely different matter than unavoidable natural occurances (lightning strikes, tornados, birth defects, etc.) I was under the impression we were talking about something different than freedom of choice (hence BigUrns' comment "There is a reason God made the earth and all the physical laws that we have to abide by")--if I was mistaken, then my apologies. Somehow it seems this has turned into a discussion on Calvinism, and I don't think that's the way it started off.
If you view scripture as "objective facts" than we are obviously coming from a very different view of what the bible is. I thought you were taking more of the approach of a philosopher/theologian as opposed to a believer here.  It doesn't fit nicely. It is inconsistent to say "Ok, here's how it's gonna go. I'm going to give you some odd hundred laws. You have to follow these laws or you will be impure and unrighteous"..........fast forward to several thousand years later...."Nevermind all that. I've got this guy here now. Just believe in him and you'll be fine. All of you who didn't make the cut under the old rules? Sorry, my bad."   I am not taking the stance as a believer. Philosopher theologian would be reasonable. I see the evidence for the bible to be fairly good evidence. It is better than most evidence we use when referring to other historical events of this antiquity. The sheer volume of documentation is overwhelming concerning the bible. There are other things too.  It is very consistent of a God who is love, and who wants love (freely given love) to show people that they are not able to do it on thier own. Hence the purpose fo the law. It was there to show people the need for god. God has always said that belief in him is what leads to justification. Even in the old testament when Abraham (then abram) is told that Sarah (then sarai) will bear him a son (even in their ninetys) it says "and abram believed god and he was declared righteous." This happens before abram tries to have a son or sacrifice his son or any of that. He merely believed. God called him righteous.   NOw, in the new testament, God sends his own son so that "whosoever" should believe in him would be saved. I find this remarkably consistent.  Huck.
Are you asking for the text book answer on what I know to be true about God or are you asking what my behavior tells me that I actually believe about God?  I still haven't heard an answer to this yet?
I'm with you in the first half, but you lost me at the end there. Are you saying God "presets things that directly affect you" (obstacles) because God knows how you will react and is trying to teach you something? I am saying "if" God already established those things, then I would have no choice.  I don't believe Hell is a place either (or even if I believe in hell to begin with), but tell me more about what you mean by this. It sounds interesting. Jesus tells us that there are those who will follow Him and live, and there are those who choose not to follow him and will perish. Perish here means they will cease to exist in any form. After judgement they will take a walk, so to speak, down what we would consider a road, path, corridor, hallway (hard to imagine) and they will just disappear. There would be no requirement for them to burn forever, or suffer forever, be in misery forever, etc., etc.
So, you haven't read ALL the bible? I covered this in the thread on respecting others beliefs. There are plenty of passages that state God does ALL this you say. Calvinism is based on such beliefs.  Believing otherwise would deny, in part, the sovereignty of the Lord. We may not know the reasons or could only speculate in our finite knowledge. But, if you believe in the WHOLE bible, things don't just happen, but contribute by design to His inefible plan. There are reasons for all if you look outside the box.  A mental retard can lead me to become more compassionate to those less fortunate. Personally, I'd inately abort them or kill them* and not waste the resources of them but, when around them, I do find myself patient and kind.  * Yes, I have the capacity like most all humans to be cruel and callous...for a 'higher cause' of course.  Daily though, I'm reminded how scripturally illiterate professed believers are or how their own desires force them to interpret scripture to find new meaning to conform to their wants rather than the other way around. It takes a person many, many years to completely understand all the things the Bible has to offer. I'm nowhere close.  I have my beliefs just as you have yours. I can't, in all honesty, say that I have all the answers.  What I can do, though, is lay mine out for someone. There might be just one person that needs what little I have to offer - if so, then my time is well spent. I have learned many things, and have changed my view accordingly. I can say that those changes have been for the better.
Well, I guess I'll just leave this where it stand and we will just have to agree to disagree lest we get into a discussion over the historical validity of the bible. There are plenty of threads on that subject, and I don't want to distract too much. Besides, I think as long as we're more concerned with the theological, I think we'll be fine.   To do what on their own? Love?  I have more I want to say here, but I want to be clear on your message first.  In a manner, yes, love. However, remember that love is defined by God and he defines it using the law. If we keep all those commandments then it is considered love.   NOw don't get me wrong, I am not saying that plenty of people don't love and are not christian (did I throw enough negatives in that sentence?). People who are not christian and do not believe in God do loving things. But that is not the same thing, doctrinely or theologically that we are talking about. There are a number of greek words for love. The kind of love where we do loving things for others is called Philadelpia. Translated brotherly love. (yes that is why the city is named that way. There are lots of biblical named cities in PA, bethlehem for instance). The kind of love we are discussing the greeks used the word AGAPE for. Unconditional love. Love completely without regard to self. Love for ones enemies.  The christian doctrine is that Jesus said "love your enemies." He asked what profit is there if a person loves their friends. His words were "Don't even the gentiles do this?" His point being that non believers do that. They Philadelphia their friends. Jesus also said, a good man would die for his friends. But Jesus died while people were still his enemy (that is somewhere in the bible but I cannot locate it at the moment). For those who hated them. His words at the cross, "Father forgive them for they know not what they do." This was for those that were nailing his hands to the crossbeam and his feet to the longer part. Imagine that for yourself if you can?  Imagine the person that you dislike the very most in this world. Imagine a molester or rapist or murder and saying, "I will gladly take their punishment so that they can go free. And oh, by the way, I am going to do it whether or not they accept it, so it all may be in vain."  When you see all the rules and laws of the old testament you clearly see a god that was "perfect".  Next we get into the things god commanded including killing women and children. God is not only love, he is also justice. Would you want a God that did not act justly? No one would say, I want a god who will let anyone in at anytime no matter what they did. It does not matter.   God does not just save everyone according to the christian doctrine. He made for payment of the necessary penalty so that those that accept it can receive it freely. However, some may choose not to accept it and then they will be held to the standard the christian god has defined.  Others who are more trained in this may feel free to correct me where I am wrong. This is just my understanding of it.  Huck
Admittedly this is where you lose me Matt, because that homophobe you refer to is the Holy Spirit himself who inspired the writer(s) of the very books of the bible you struggle with. So once again, your problem isn't with me, or even with the writers of the bible but the God who has outlined what is right and wrong according to HIS PERFECT WILL for His Creation. You seem to believe you can question and reject His will while claiming to being accepted by Him at the same time. I've been around long enough to understand how that is a waste of time and energy. Not to mention an excercise in futility.  Let me just ask you this question to consider. If I insisted that I'm a spirit filled Christian who was receiving Prophetic Words of Knowledge from God while at the same time openly having an adulterous affair which is clearly against Gods will, would you encourage my walk with Christ as it stands, or would you call me a flaming hypocrite ? You'd call me an obvious hypocrite.  Then why do you insist that just because you're gay you deserve a pass on Gods standing statutes regarding morality and submission to His Holiness and Perfect Will for us ?  :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead
:xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead  Great comeback Matt. Real deep. Your arguments are as convincing as a self induced coma would be in getting your point across.
I am not taking the stance as a believer. Philosopher theologian would be reasonable. I see the evidence for the bible to be fairly good evidence. It is better than most evidence we use when referring to other historical events of this antiquity. The sheer volume of documentation is overwhelming concerning the bible. There are other things too.  It is very consistent of a God who is love, and who wants love (freely given love) to show people that they are not able to do it on thier own. Hence the purpose fo the law. It was there to show people the need for god. God has always said that belief in him is what leads to justification. Even in the old testament when Abraham (then abram) is told that Sarah (then sarai) will bear him a son (even in their ninetys) it says "and abram believed god and he was declared righteous." This happens before abram tries to have a son or sacrifice his son or any of that. He merely believed. God called him righteous.   NOw, in the new testament, God sends his own son so that "whosoever" should believe in him would be saved. I find this remarkably consistent.  Huck.      Gaetano: Obviously you are not Jewish.
Great comeback Matt. Real deep. Your arguments are as convincing as a self induced coma would be in getting your point across.  Why should I even bother. Not matter what I say, do, or what my argument is I will never convience you that being gay and having agy sex is not a sin. You will never believe that my gayness is a gift from God, and that he spoke to me telling me this. I will never be able to convince you that the OT is not relevant to our culture. So why should I try?  :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead :xbanghead
I am not taking the stance as a believer. Philosopher theologian would be reasonable. I see the evidence for the bible to be fairly good evidence. It is better than most evidence we use when referring to other historical events of this antiquity. The sheer volume of documentation is overwhelming concerning the bible. There are other things too.  It is very consistent of a God who is love, and who wants love (freely given love) to show people that they are not able to do it on thier own. Hence the purpose fo the law. It was there to show people the need for god. God has always said that belief in him is what leads to justification. Even in the old testament when Abraham (then abram) is told that Sarah (then sarai) will bear him a son (even in their ninetys) it says "and abram believed god and he was declared righteous." This happens before abram tries to have a son or sacrifice his son or any of that. He merely believed. God called him righteous.   NOw, in the new testament, God sends his own son so that "whosoever" should believe in him would be saved. I find this remarkably consistent.  Huck.  If you read, it is more than that. Abram's faith had an action assocated with it. It is the action of being willing to sacrifice his child. There is the action of  replacing that sacrifice of a child with a ram. It isn't merely belief. It is the actions that went along with the belief.
[QUOTE=Archangel;255162] Let me just ask you this question to consider. If I insisted that I'm a spirit filled Christian who was receiving Prophetic Words of Knowledge from God while at the same time openly having an adulterous affair which is clearly against Gods will, would you encourage my walk with Christ as it stands, or would you call me a flaming hypocrite ? You'd call me an obvious hypocrite.    Gaetano: The situation of adultery involves a victim or victims. That's why it is wrong. People are suffering as a result of that behavior. I am talking about the spouse or spouses that are being cheated on.     Archangel:  Then why do you insist that just because you're gay you deserve a pass on Gods standing statutes regarding morality and submission to His Holiness and Perfect Will for us ?   Gaetano: Perfect will for us? Who is us? Maybe you are referring to you? For gay people submission to his holiness is celebacy. You are welcomed and encouraged to experience sex and romance within the confines of your blessed marriage. Why wouldn't someone who is gay insist on a pass, you got one did you not? Why is that? Does your attraction and/or marriage to a member of the opposite sex cure cancer or create jobs? Does it stop wars or global warming? Will it help you to realize that your god is blatantly unfair to those who are homosexual? The answer is no to all of the above. Matthew has said repeatedly that his sexuality is a gift from god. Should Matthew disregard the voice of god, simply because you believe conflicting scripture that was penned by sinful humans of a fallen world?
I possibly look on myself as a questionning (rather than questionnable as I have said before!) Christian.  I look on God as a supreme being who has created the universe/cosmos of which we are a miniscule part.  I believe we have free will to do what we will with our lives but will answer for that in the hereafter.  We have various guides to our behaviour as to how we should live an act. I take Jesus' 2 great commandments as being the core.  I recognise neither we nor the world are perfect and have a long way to go and it will take time before we mature into a full understanding of the nature of creation.  In human terms for an analogy, I would put us at best as just coming in to the terrible '2's. I may be optimistic.  Whilst God cares for us all individually,he will not interfere in how we develop as a race, merely giving advice and guidance. In essence he would seem to be a form of gardener who watches one of his plots growing.
If you read, it is more than that. Abram's faith had an action assocated with it. It is the action of being willing to sacrifice his child. There is the action of  replacing that sacrifice of a child with a ram. It isn't merely belief. It is the actions that went along with the belief.  Actually, I did read. The declaration of righteousness comes far before the action. Only after belief. There is no where in this section that shows that abram did anything other than believe god. In particluar see verse 6In fact, the entire section shows clearly that this was initiated and completed by God:  1 After these things the word of the LORD came to Abram in a vision, saying, "Do not fear, Abram, I am a shield to you; Your reward shall be very great." 2 Abram said, "O Lord GOD , what will You give me, since I am childless, and the heir of my house is Eliezer of Damascus?" 3 And Abram said, "Since You have given no offspring to me, one born in my house is my heir." 4 Then behold, the word of the LORD came to him, saying, "This man will not be your heir; but one who will come forth from your own body,he shall be your heir." 5 And He took him outside and said, "Now look toward the heavens, and count the stars, if you are able to count them." And He said to him, "So shall your descendants be." 6 Then he believed in the LORD; and He reckoned it to him as righteousness. 7 And He said to him, "I am the LORD who brought you out of Ur of the Chaldeans, to give you this land to possess it." 8 He said, "O Lord GOD , how may I know that I will possess it?" 9 So He said to him, "Bring Me a three year old heifer, and a three year old female goat, and a three year old ram, and a turtledove, and a young pigeon." 10 Then he brought all these to Him and cut them in two, and laid each half opposite the other; but he did not cut the birds. 11 The birds of prey came down upon the carcasses, and Abram drove them away.   In fact the hebrew word for "believed" is (transliterated because I cannot put in the actual hebrew text) aman. This word means to "trust or believe" and has the connotation of a baby being carried by a nurse. It is completely independent of any action. Please note that the "He" in verse six is capitalized and therefore refers to God and the word "lord" is the actual name of God (tansliterated Yahweh) or spelled YHWY.  This cannot be a more clear example of God's action without requirement of human response. It is pure graciousness.  This sectino comes after Abram's first child is born through Hagar. God is telling him that child will not be his heir but rather another. I believe abram was already well into his nineties at this time.  Huck
Gaetano: Obviously you are not Jewish.  quite correct. Nor christian. Merely a hobby. However the evidence is pretty striking.  Huck
Can you prove your belief system is true?  Anyone can prove to a fellow believer that their belief system is true.  If you and I both believe in leprechauns, I shouldn't have a hard time convincing you they exist. The hard part is convincing an unbeliever.  We can not convince an unbeliever that our belief system is true, because ultimately all belief systems are built on faith, which has no acceptable proof to any but the faithful.
sinjin: Kill the Buddha! I wacked him with my spade and he lives no more! I have planted him where my tomatoes will grow, as he will provide good fertilizer and at least be of some use.
I cannot prove that my belief in my specific God is true any more then I can prove that leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and living care bears exists. That doesn't mean I don't believe in God however.
Yes, actually I can.  It's just that most are unable to accept the TRUTH!  I would do so now but would 1st have to outline such a belief which I have neither the time nor energy to do. Furthermore, knowledge is powah(tm). To state my belief(s) would allow the reader certain knowledge of me. Mere possession of such knowledge has been proven to be detrimental to my wellbeing in the past which leads me to believe it would also be so in the future.
peteratwar Exactly what do you mean by true ?  True in a subjective sense ? or true in the sense of universally so ?  What would be the proof you require ? I mean "true" in the sense that others who have differing belief systems would agree with you. We might say "objectively true", but this would be an overstatement.  For my comment, it does not matter if the belief system if a reflection of reality.  The proof would be that someone with a differing belief systems says, "By golly peteratwar, you are right. You have shown me that your system is correct, and mine is mistaken. You may wish to point out that this might occur in the case of religious conversions. By religious conversions I mean into or away from a particular religion.  Religions all have certain belief systems, and individuals come in and out of religions every day. Thus they abandon their own belief system in favor of another. My experience is that religious conversions do not occur on boards such as this.  Of course if a person converts to your belief system, they no longer have a differing belief system.  Although it may not have been clear in my OP, I meant to say that two individuals who retain differing belief systems, will never accept the core beliefs of the other individual.  Hopes this helps.
Clearly that isn't proof. It is only that someone believes you may be right.Sorry, that is the proof that someone with a different belief system has accepted yours as true. I believe what you mean is that that is not proof that a particular belief system is in harmony with reality. As I said "For my comment, it does not matter if the belief system if a reflection of reality."  Core beliefs need to be clarified as to meaning.If you see a need, you may have at it.   A large number of ethical beliefs in various religions are very similarCertainly an understatement.
What I find most interesting is that God never once attempts to prove His existence through out the whole bible. It's like if I asked you to prove you exist. You would say how ridiculous a request as we are speaking now so you know I exist. Well so is it with God. We have His complete Creation as proof of His existence. We our selves are made in His image so are evidence, and testify of His existence and Glory. Our creativity, imaginations, capacity to love and nurture not only each other but the lower life forms that He entrusted to us prove we have His capacity to care, as corrupted as we are due to our fallen nature.  All of these things testify to Gods existence. But we must be willing to acknowledge Him, and that means we must humble ourselves before such a great and powerful God. But many prefer denial to submission, so they refuse to accept that life, the World, and all of creation is His in the final analysis.
"What I find most interesting" is to consider a humanity purged of the chronic scourge of rabid religion. How much more pleasant, and saner would the world be. And how many Indigenous peoples around the planet would have continued to survive and thrive unmolested by what i consider the evilest of all manmade plagues, religion.  But the question is Can you prove your belief system is true? And all you've done is spew hate for religion but haven't even tried to actually answer the question. And ask yourself this. If the idea of God is such a man made plague, then God doesn't even exist right ? So if God doesn't exist then what has He done to you to make you so venomous and angry at him ? Why would you be so angry at a non existent being ? I challenge you to come up with a rational answer.
god has done nothing to me because he does not exist! It is the noxious rabid believers who insist right up into the new millenium to poison society with their sanctimonous fanaticism that has and continues to hurt and stupefy so many.  I trust this to be a "rational answer".   Not at all, but it's the typical ad hominum rant of atheists so is nothing new at all. Can't you guys expand your thinking at all ? emoticon_xgood
simone Why would you want to prove your belief system to be true?  Well, it happens in virtually every thread. Some disagreements are between individuals of essentially the same basic system [Protestant Christian vs Protestant Christian], [atheist rationalist vs atheist rationalist].   Many disagreements are between individual of differing belief systems. In such cases the individuals often use the same word to mean two different things.  What is "evidence"? Well, that will depend on your core belief system. Sacred writings may be excellent evidence for your belief system, but when you say the Qu'ran proves an issue, the Christian says "That's not evidence!". One side tries to convince the other side that their core beliefs are incorrect, so they really have no evidence for their position.  How could you prove it? Well, the point is, you can't. Absent such provability, it is up to both sides to try to decide where they have common ground, or to end the discussion.   Belief is belief. Sometimes persons believe hard, solid facts, most times they do not.Well, I would say they simply disagree with how "facts" are determined. You will be hard pressed to find someone who says "I ignore the hard, solid facts". Everyone believes hard, solid facts. But everyone disagrees about what constitutes hard, solid facts.
Since SPQR capitulated to the Nazarene myth, millions have been slaughtered at the alter of the Cross. Many more millions have grovelled in conditions of near insanity, ashamed of their humanity, because that infernal Word shamed so many into abject submission. Think Indigenous peoples, and the 'hell' imperialistic religion has wrought upon them.  Religion = Fear = Control = Human Activity = Constructivism  How's that for 'expansion'  Typical atheistic rubbish since you asked. Here's my equation.  ACCEPTANCE OF CHRIST=UNCONDITIONAL LOVE+ETERNAL SECURITY+FREEDOM FROM GUILT AND CONDEMNATION=PERFECT PEACE IN THE PRESENCE OF A HOLY GOD FOREVER emoticon_xangel   Thank you Jesus for dying so that I may live life, and live it more abundantly.
Since SPQR capitulated to the Nazarene myth, millions have been slaughtered at the alter of the Cross. Many more millions have grovelled in conditions of near insanity, ashamed of their humanity, because that infernal Word shamed so many into abject submission. Think Indigenous peoples, and the 'hell' imperialistic religion has wrought upon them.  Religion = Fear = Control = Human Activity = Constructivism  How's that for 'expansion'  Is this preaching?  Me thinks you want the Relgion forum and not Philosophy.  You attacked the Nazarene and I defended Him ravin. I wondered how long before you showed up. Keep your religious attacks in the religion forum and this wont happen.
Im not the one feverishly preaching religous doctrine in a philosophy forum.   Atheism is a critical discourse in philosophy.  Preaching belongs in the church and not in the public domain. Thank you.  As I said, if you don't want to discuss religion in the Philosophy forum then don't use baiting tactics like attacking the Nazarene here and then complaining if someone defends him. That is the epitome of philosophical cowardice and it wont fly here.
Ye cannot prove a belief. If you could, what would be the value of faith?  If the Almighty were to descend from on high accompanied by a celestial choir and present his (her) business card, there would still be those who would believe the charade was simply sunlight refracting from Venus...or something.
And if sunlight refracted from Venus onto a mountain top, there would still be some who would say it was a divine event.
theres a fundamental difference between debating religion and preaching the same. much of your posts could be described as simple idolatry  you chronically argue 1 point - objective morality underpinned by faith. in terms of proof the onus is clearly on those who advocate for something that does not logically exist, or to prove that the 'non-existant' exists using scientific criteria.   "Aethists" prove their case for non-existance, by the incontrovertible fact that not a single shred of evidence beyond ideas / gospel proves the existance of a deity.  In short because the 'faithful' think and wish for divine subjugation, such 'spiritual' masochism and delerium bears NO relevance to the reality of things.  Note the bolded. I realize you posted this and sat back feeling very proud of how you put me in my place. But you fail to comprehend that just as God cannot be scientifically proven to exist, neither can science prove He doesn't exist.  So in short, because the faithless think and wish for divine non existence, such atheistic masochism and delirium bears NO relevance to the reality of things.
Claiming science disproves gods is just as foolish and "rabid" as claiming it proves gods.
Claiming science disproves gods is just as foolish and "rabid" as claiming it proves gods.  Science can determine the existance of God just as a physicist can reliably predict the next spring's fashionable colors. emoticon_xgood
It's not more believable than the tooth fairy, but science doesn't disprove the tooth fairy either.   cardinal requisite of a scientifc criteria: phenonomen must be observable.   Science doesn't say: "If we can't observe something, it doesn't exist"  it says "If we can't observe something, we can't say anything about it".  Gods aren't scientific, that doesn't mean they're disproven by science.
So you agree that science does not disprove gods and other supernatural creatures?
Was the irony there intentional?
 It's not more believable than the tooth fairy, but science doesn't disprove the tooth fairy either.  Science doesn't say: "If we can't observe something, it doesn't exist"  it says "If we can't observe something, we can't say anything about it".  Gods aren't scientific, that doesn't mean they're disproven by science.   Many people believe that unless something is proved to exist by scientific inquiry, then it doesn't exist. Maybe this error of reasoning (or categorical mistake?) ought to be included among the informal fallacies.   James.
i beleive in the universal biological NEED for myth-making  religion and morality are 2 necessary mental comforts for nietzsche's "herd".  So you would agree that unless science proves something, it does not exist?  The Coelacanth was believed to be scientifically extinct. As there was no scientific proof of its existance, you would have believed it did not exist today?  You'd be wrong.  Prior to the invention of deep sea submersibles, there was no scientific evidence that any life was present on the bottom of the sea floor. Under your set of logical principles, the sea floor was barren.   You'd be wrong.  Science has yet to prove how gravity works. We have speculation, some theories but no solid laws. Do you believe that gravity does not exist?
these analogies of physical phenonmen are fallacious, bearing little relevance to the metaphysical fantasies of religion.  Not really. What was once consider metaphysical fantasies are actually physical phenomena.   the discovery of previously unknown matter / species is not the same as the 'discovery' of the spiritual  So you don't actually believe if that science cannot prove it, it doesn't exist?   god cannot be proved scientifically  Well duh. The supernatural exists outside the field of study. Science cannot prove nor disprove the Supernatural. It can disprove something that was previously considered supernatural as natural. That does not mean it does not exist.   because the principles that make up the myth are illogical  What makes you say that? Virtually all myths came from a truth.   therefore science cannot measure it as it can not measure the toothfairy fantasy. Both myths defy the logical criteria of science and therefore, scientifically / factually must be dismissed.  Is science the world?   Can science measure forgiveness? How about hope? How love? According to you, since they defy the logical criteria of science, they therefore cannot exist?
I agree: the myth of god / sprituality stems from the "truth" of instinct or to put it plainly - the universal apprehension of mortality.  That wasn't what I meant. Mythological monsters have their roots in actual creatures. Mythical floods have their roots in actual floods. Mythical climate stories have their roots in actual events.   "love, hope, forgiveness" - these are nothing but wet feelings / emotions; quaint beliefs in spirituality and an "objective morality" sit very comfortably among these subjective passions.  Can these subjective passions be measured by science?
 most certainly, the reality of emotions and beliefs are observable and thus measurable.  Explain. I'd love to see a scientific explanation and measure of those three.
surely your post is not suggesting the extremely absurd by claiming that people experiencing emotions and beliefs are not observable / measurable  emphasis mine  He didn't claim that people aren't measurable, but rather that emotions themselves aren't measurable. How much love can you fit in a teaspoon?
riiiiight, and why exactly are you telling me this?  That these emotions are not scientifically measurable. Therefore they don't exist as they fail to met the criteria under your 'existing' framework.
Since emotions are nothing more than responses to chemical reactions in the brain, one might also be able to measure the quantity of chemical reaction noticed.
To say emotions are not measurable is a bit misleading. They are measurable but the measure is a subjective measure. There is no standard for emotional measurement (like there is with the meter etc.).  However, emotional responses can be subjectively rated by those that experience them. for example:  Please rate the following on a scale of 1 to 10 with 1 being the saddest event and 10 being the happiest event:  Wedding Funeral Cat stuck in a tree Tuna gone bad toilet overflowing foreclosure   People can rate their emotional reactions to the events. In fact that is a fairly prominent counseling tool. To say that they are not measurable is not precisely correct. To say that there is no real objective measure would be accurate. Emotions by nature are subjective and therefore their measurement MUST be subjective.  Huck  Oh no one said that emotions are not measurable. We are saying that emotions are not scientifically measurable.   jackamarra is essentially arguing that if something cannot be scientifically proven (aka measurable) then it does not exist (such as God).   I presented three emotions we obviously all know about but cannot be measured scientifically.   How much forgiveness can you put in a beaker?   At what temperature does hope break down?   What individual parts constitute love?
Why did this thread start with religious belief in a philosophy forum? You all then, again, started bitching against religious belief and ended up with creativism vs. science. Wasn't the question about a belief system? Which is not, by the way, the same as a religious belief HereBeNow.   You can have a sneak preview here: http://www.fringewisdom.com/your_belief_system.php
Inyx Why did this thread start with religious belief in a philosophy forum? Let see, what was that first post? OP: Can you prove your belief system is true?  Anyone can prove to a fellow believer that their belief system is true.  If you and I both believe in leprechauns, I shouldn't have a hard time convincing you they exist. The hard part is convincing an unbeliever.  We can not convince an unbeliever that our belief system is true, because ultimately all belief systems are built on faith, which has no acceptable proof to any but the faithful.Should I take it that "religious belief" you refer to is the part about leprechauns?    You all then, again, started bitching against religious belief and ended up with creativism vs. science. Wasn't the question about a belief system? Which is not, by the way, the same as a religious belief HereBeNow.Well, there are many belief systems, and some of them are religious. But no, the two groups are not congruous. Why do you feel a need to point that out?
 Well, there are many belief systems, and some of them are religious. But no, the two groups are not congruous.Why do you feel a need to point that out?  Because you mix the term belief and belief system.  My point: a belief is somethig a person has opinion about and belief system is all beliefs together a person has (a worldview if you like). You can apply this to what you probably wanted to say: there are many religious beliefs that form together a religious belief system and not what you wanted to sell. Try to be more precise in your hypothesis.
Inyx  Well, you see the problem is that I never used the term "belief", only "belief system".  Now if I only used one, and not the other, I could hardly be mixing them.  At least not as I understand the word 'mix".
What's the difference between a collection of beliefs and a belief system?   A religion consists of a set of beliefs, among other things, but in what sense are they systematized? Does it mean they have a logically coherent structure, or that they are organized in some limited and schematic way?   I don't see religions as a systematic pattern of conventions, traditions, beliefs, etc. But neither are they, in my view, entirely arbitrary sets of beliefs.   I also have my doubts that a "world view" is a systematic entity. I can elaborate on this but would prefer to wait for some feedback first.   James.
James   Your post was sparked by the post of Inyx , who may have their own reply. As the OP, I have some obligation, so will offer what I can.  James What's the difference between a collection of beliefs and a belief system? Nothing. By "collection", I take you to mean an assembly, with some sort of common thread or relationship. In other words, a group of beliefs unrelated in any manner, may not be a belief system, but by specifying a "collection", I would say they are equivalent.   A religion consists of a set of beliefs, among other things, but in what sense are they systematized? Does it mean they have a logically coherent structure, or that they are organized in some limited and schematic way?I believe you are putting too many constraints on the "system" part.  "Logically"?, well, I'm confident the believer would say it is logical. Others might disagree. "Coherent"?, ditto. "Organized"? again.   I don't see religions as a systematic pattern of conventions, traditions, beliefs, etc.Well, you may not. I would say I do, depending of course on what you mean by "systematic pattern". Individuals do make spiritual journeys, which do not have a systematic pattern of conventions, traditions, beliefs, etc.  By religion, I take you to mean institution, (of a particular nature). That is, organizations, with recognized members and non-members (buildings not necessary). Those on the inside, and those on the outside.   But neither are they, in my view, entirely arbitrary sets of beliefs. Arbitrary? Certainly not to the believer. Others may disagree. I have not found a set of religious beliefs that are entirely arbitrary, all things considered.   I also have my doubts that a "world view" is a systematic entity. I can elaborate on this but would prefer to wait for some feedback first.  Well, even the insane have a world view. Everyone has a belief system. Many may not even be aware of it. I have been told by a few that they have no belief system. With a few querries......they became reasonable.  Everyone has a family history, aware of it or not. Everyone has a genetic basis, aware of it or not.  I believe those who are called amoral, are actually practicing a self serving morality that is not acceptable to society, so is labeled as "amoral".  And when we say someone has "no ethics", what we really mean, is that their ethics are unacceptable.  As to this "systematic entity", well, it may take awareness to meet this criteria, and as I said, some are not aware.  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  Your turn.
Inyx  Well, you see the problem is that I never used the term "belief", only "belief system".  Now if I only used one, and not the other, I could hardly be mixing them.  At least not as I understand the word 'mix".  You have used the term belief system - there was your mistake. A person cannot have a belief system, it may only have a belief. I'll explain. A system is an arrangement (pattern, design) of parts which interact with each other within the system's boundaries (form, structure, organization) to function as a whole. Applying this definition to a religios system, e.g. buddism, christianity, islam, hindu ect., a person cannot have a belief system, because you as a teist are part of the organised religion (system) and therefore as an individual, you lack the third element of the definition - organization. You as a person can only posses a form (material side of belief) and structure (interconnection and interdependecy of outside - meaning you are not the creator of your own belief because the structure came from whoever introdused to you your belief -, given beliefs within your faith, this beeing its formal side). A person may only have a belief.  And the subject of these dabates are always about one's (religious) beliefs, not how his or hers faith is organised. At least I did notice anyone quarreling much about that.
  I believe you are putting too many constraints on the "system" part.  Well, you may not. I would say I do, depending of course on what you mean by "systematic pattern". Individuals do make spiritual journeys, which do not have a systematic pattern of conventions, traditions, beliefs, etc.  By religion, I take you to mean institution, (of a particular nature). That is, organizations, with recognized members and non-members (buildings not necessary). Those on the inside, and those on the outside.  Arbitrary? Certainly not to the believer. Others may disagree. I have not found a set of religious beliefs that are entirely arbitrary, all things considered. I think in order to show that a set of beliefs is a systematic entity, you would have to explain the principles on which the system is organized and that it contains no contradictions. That's more or less the approach of a systems analyst.  Although Inyx seems to hold that sets of beliefs are "systems", I agree with his point that individuals don't build a unique belief system but they are initiated into a pre-existing set of beliefs. (This is the function of baptism in the Christian religion).   Religions, it seems to me, are not systematically organized sets of beliefs. They are mutable accretions of scriptures, doctrines, ceremonies, etc. which are or can be subjected to inconsistent modification over many centuries.  Well, even the insane have a world view. Everyone has a belief system. Many may not even be aware of it. I have been told by a few that they have no belief system. With a few querries......they became reasonable.  Your turn. A worldview, if anybody really had one, would be a system of interdependent, grounded beliefs, with solid theoretical underpinning. It would resemble the kind of knowledge chemists have of chemistry except, that it would be about everything.  What people exalt as their worldviews are really just views, which is to say, a collection of opinions. Now it is true that everyone has a lot of those. But if we look carefully at the whole catalogue of our opinions, we find most of them to be neither systematic nor theoretically supported. In most cases they are just a patchwork of persuasions that have been contrived from what we were taught at home, at school, or garnered from conversations and experiences, enlivened, perhaps, with a few luminous insights derived from careful study or from our own chance discoveries.   James.
Inyx  Okay, at first I was mixing them, now I'm using one of them incorrectly. All of this without writing a word. All of this occurring in your mind.  Inyx You have used the term belief system - there was your mistake. A person cannot have a belief system, it may only have a belief. I'll explain. A system is an arrangement (pattern, design) of parts which interact with each other within the system's boundaries (form, structure, organization) to function as a whole. Applying this definition to a religios system, e.g. buddism, christianity, islam, hindu ect., a person cannot have a belief system, because you as a teist are part of the organised religion (system) and therefore as an individual,This is not a universally true statement.  I can be a Theist and not associate myself with any structured religions (Buddhism, Christianity, Islam, Hindu, etc).   The Dewey decimal system is, I would think you would agree, a system. A young student might ask a librarian, "How can I ever find the book I want?" And the librarian might reply "We have a system. I will teach it to you and then you will have a system to find any book in the library."   Inyx you lack the third element of the definition - organization. You as a person can only posses a form (material side of belief) and structure (interconnection and interdependecy of outside - meaning you are not the creator of your own belief because the structure came from whoever introdused to you your belief - given beliefs within your faith, this beeing its formal side),Well a person can develop a belief system on their own, without interference. The "wolf child" extremes are examples of this. They have a belief system that that says they are part of the wolf pack. Maybe you believe that wolves have belief systems, and they did they introducing/teaching.   A person may only have a belief. I have a system for using eggs. I use the old ones first. I have a system for writing. I start on the left, and move towards the right. I have lots of systems.    ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  James I think in order to show that a set of beliefs is a systematic entity, you would have to explain the principles on which the system is organized and that it contains no contradictions. That's more or less the approach of a systems analyst.So there are no imperfect systems? No system has a contradiction? There might be a (supposed) system, but someone finds a contradiction, and it ceases to be a system?  We also have a problem with "have to explain the principles on which the system is organized". I take this to mean simply (for example) "My belief system is: for BHN to gain as much wealth and power as humanly possible before he dies.", and from there all else follows, all of the details so to speak. I sense you see a need to sharply define all of the details.  There are many uses for the term "system". We may need to pick a common one. The first one from my Encarta is: "Complex body; a combination of related elements organized into a complex whole."  The second one from my Encarta says: "A set of principles; a scheme of ideas or principles, for example, for classification or for forms of government or religion."  Your idea of "no contradictions" is not pointed out in either of these. From the first one we can infer "no contradictions", by saying "whole" means no contradictions. By this definition, we might say an orange is a system. Related elements are organized into a complex whole orange. Peeling, pith, seeds, juice, all organized into a whole orange. If there is no peeling, this is a contradiction to the meaning of an orange, it is not a whole orange, so there is no system.  From the second, I can't seem to find the idea of no contradictions. The third definition just throws the gate open: "way of proceeding; a method of procedures for achieving something". We see very few constraints on the use of the word system.  I use the dictionary definitions not that you might choose one, but to show that the word has various meanings. Actually we are using "system" as a term, with a specific meaning, especially in association with "belief, as in "belief system". And we seem to be in disagreement about the meaning. You mention "system analyst" as a foundation for the meaning of "system". Do these system analysts analyze all types of systems, or just particular ones? If they do not analyze "belief systems", then you may be using the incorrect term of system analyst, to come to a meaning of belief system.  When we attach the word "belief" to "system", we are creating a term (belief system) which should have very a relatively specific meaning, possibly slightly different from the other common usages of the two individuals words.     Although Inyx seems to hold that sets of beliefs are "systems", I agree with his point that individuals don't build a unique belief system but they are initiated into a pre-existing set of beliefs. (This is the function of baptism in the Christian religion). Well I can't say this is not sometimes true, but I can say it is not necessary. I would actually go so far as to say normally a person does build their own unique belief system, using a shared system, such as Christian Baptist.   The Christian Baptist belief system may be one unified whole, its members are not.  Within the group there are many differences in beliefs concerning the details.  I have belonged to many church groups where I hear something unusual from a prominent church member, and I will ask a friend "Do you believe that?". The reply will be something like "Well, some people do, I don't really".  Within the various sects of Christianity evolution can be a key element of their belief system (saying it is not true, only creationist views are true), and for others in the same sect, evolution is not important. God did it, end of story.  The older the church the more we see these divergences of beliefs. The Catholic church being the best example. Some people would say one has to believe certain things to belong to the Catholic church, and I would agree, but would add that many of the details are left to the individual believer.  I have long noticed that individuals seeking a belief system will find one that suits them. This can be as simple as adopting the same one as their parents. They will then tailor the details, to their particular flavor. (Yes I want a cherry sundae, but I want walnuts on mine instead of crushed peanuts.)    Religions, it seems to me, are not systematically organized sets of beliefs. They are mutable accretions of scriptures, doctrines, ceremonies, etc. which are or can be subjected to inconsistent modification over many centuries.Is the theory of evolution a system? Certainly it is mutable. And the Dewey decimal system, never any modifications?  Isn't a language a system? It is certainly not stagnant. Isn't mathematics a system? Haven't there been changes and modifications over the centuries? Wasn't calculus a modification to the mathematical system?  Are none of these "systems"?    A worldview, if anybody really had one, would be a system of interdependent, grounded beliefs, with solid theoretical underpinning. It would resemble the kind of knowledge chemists have of chemistry except, that it would be about everything.Well, this is a philosophy thread. If this were a scientific thread, I might agree with you.  Your use of the word/term "worldview" is not the same as commonly accepted in philosophy.  Again referring to Encarta as a starting point for the meaning of "worldview": "view of all life; a comprehensive interpretation or image of the universe and humanity."   You want to put some qualifier on it, saying it must have "solid theoretical underpinning", without explaining what this means. A belief in angels has a solid theoretical unpinning, if you are a Christian. If you are a naturalist, there is no solid theoretical underpinning. I would argue that this solid theoretical underpinning, comes from within the belief system itself. Worldviews are, ultimately, self-supporting.  The worldview of Naturalism has a basic tenant that there are no supernatural beings or power. It arrived at this point by accepting some evidence, and rejecting other as unconvincing. The yardstick it used came from within the belief system itself. From here it takes no great reasoning to see that naturalism has a solid theoretical underpinning against angels. The belief system came first, the solid theoretical underpinning followed.  Your worldview will determine what is acceptable as a solid theoretical underpinning.  What people exalt as their worldviews are really just views, which is to say, a collection of opinions. Now it is true that everyone has a lot of those. But if we look carefully at the whole catalogue of our opinions, we find most of them to be neither systematic nor theoretically supported. In most cases they are just a patchwork of persuasions that have been contrived from what we were taught at home, at school, or garnered from conversations and experiences, enlivened, perhaps, with a few luminous insights derived from careful study or from our own chance discoveries."Worldview" is a philosophical (or psychological) term, but you want to use it in a scientific sense. This of course comes from your worldview. In the philosophical sense, a worldview is "a patchwork of persuasions that have been contrived from what we were taught at home, at school, or garnered from conversations and experiences, enlivened, perhaps, with a few luminous insights derived from careful study or from our own chance discoveries", and refined according to the individual.  If you can find a reference from a philosophical or psychological source that says most individuals do not have a worldview, it would help support your position.  Otherwise, it is apples and oranges.
 The Dewey decimal system is, I would think you would agree, a system. Generalising about the nature of systems, you cite the Dewey Decimal System as an example: as you know, this is a numerical classification system that is internally consistent - it has to be, otherwise you'd never the unique book in the library that you're looking for. I wouldn't say it could never be modified. In a sense it is continuously modified as new fields of inquiry are opened up and books are written about them. So there are no imperfect systems? No system has a contradiction? There might be a (supposed) system, but someone finds a contradiction, and it ceases to be a system? A system with contradictions (internal inconsistencies) wouldn't work. If you had a system for locating electrical faults in a car, would you ever succeed on the basis that contradictory methods were employed?  We also have a problem with "have to explain the principles on which the system is organized". I take this to mean simply (for example) "My belief system is: for BHN to gain as much wealth and power as humanly possible before he dies.", and from there all else follows, all of the details so to speak. I sense you see a need to sharply define all of the details. If it were your goal in life to acquire wealth and power, you wouldn't need a "belief system" to explain it. Your acquisitive tendencies are likely to result from an emotional drive that isn't under rational control. The behaviour of misers and gangsters can be explained in this way. When we attach the word "belief" to "system", we are creating a term (belief system) which should have very a relatively specific meaning, possibly slightly different from the other common usages of the two individuals words.  I still don't think you've made a case for distinguishing a belief system from a mere set of opinions that are acquired and/or discarded piecemeal. And among this set they will be many false opinions. But false opinions do not open a window on the world, or anything else. They lead nowhere and reveal nothing. Isn't a language a system? It is certainly not stagnant. Isn't mathematics a system? Haven't there been changes and modifications over the centuries? Wasn't calculus a modification to the mathematical system? Are none of these "systems"?  I'm not arguing that systems don't exist. But would it make sense to say, allowing for complete ignorance, that the principles of mathematics are part of your belief system and not part of mine? Calculus is a branch of mathematics that deals with the finding and properties of derivatives and integrals of functions among other things. It is independent of any belief system.  Your use of the word/term "worldview" is not the same as commonly accepted in philosophy.  A "Worldview" is a philosophical (or psychological) term, but you want to use it in a scientific sense. This of course comes from your worldview. In the philosophical sense, a worldview is "a patchwork of persuasions that have been contrived from what we were taught at home, at school, or garnered from conversations and experiences, enlivened, perhaps, with a few luminous insights derived from careful study or from our own chance discoveries", and refined according to the individual.  If you can find a reference from a philosophical or psychological source that says most individuals do not have a worldview, it would help support your position.  Otherwise, it is apples and oranges. If a world view precedes theoretical underpinning (i.e. determines what is acceptable as such), then at some point it must be nothing more than a propensity to think in a particular way. Now the world is the whole of reality, so a view of it would be a systematic survey of reality, in all its infinite complexity. Is a comprehensive view like this possible?   Many Christian apologists today are calling their faith a worldview. I've done it myself. But there are two good reasons not to speak this way. In the first place Christian doctrine, vast though it is, has little or nothing to say about many matters. It is silent, for example, about quantum mechanics, the art of origami, and the rules of 5 card stud. Though a religious faith may play an indispensable part in understanding the world, on its own it does not furnish anything like a complete understanding of it (and was never intended to be a substitute for the rational inquiry that understanding any aspect of the world involves). So if it were trying to be a worldview, in the proper sense of that term, Christianity would have to be called incomplete and defective. My guess is that the other major faiths, of which I know little, would not fare any better.  I haven't consulted Encarta (or any other encyclopaedia). I'm testing my opinions in a spirit of free inquiry. In other words, I'm ready to amend my views if they prove untenable.   James.
James  What we have is a discussion about a word in usage which has had accepted meaning. It is "jargon" in the sense it applies to a particular area of study. Humanities in the broadest sense, but more specifically philosophy and psychology.  You are simply arguing for a change in the accepted meaning of the term "worldview". You feel, properly used, as you have explained it, it means something different than is in common, jargon, usage.  I prefer to accept the common usage. By common of course I do not mean street language, but the common, professional, philosophical and psychological usage.  If you want to say "Christianity" is not a worldview you are certrainly distorting the conventional meaning.  How do you feel about Naturalism being a worldview?
 What we have is a discussion about a word in usage which has had accepted meaning. It is "jargon" in the sense it applies to a particular area of study. Humanities in the broadest sense, but more specifically philosophy and psychology.  You are simply arguing for a change in the accepted meaning of the term "worldview". You feel, properly used, as you have explained it, it means something different than is in common, jargon, usage.  I prefer to accept the common usage. By common of course I do not mean street language, but the common, professional, philosophical and psychological usage.  If you want to say "Christianity" is not a worldview you are certrainly distorting the conventional meaning.  How do you feel about Naturalism being a worldview?  I thought I was subjecting the term "world view" to critical analysis.  There is another way in which a set of religious beliefs should not be defined as a world view. Religious people often do not agree about doctrine in every particular. Thus nowhere outside the mind of God does there exist an immutable and complete body of recognized doctrine.  And for the same reasons, the set of secular beliefs referred to as Naturalism should not be described as a world view either.   James.
James  Would you say there is any person with a worldview, or is a worldview a perfect thing, to be strived for but never attained?  If so, what might this worldview be like?
 Would you say there is any person with a worldview, or is a worldview a perfect thing, to be strived for but never attained?  If so, what might this worldview be like? To take my own case: I don't think my paltry collection of opinions ever adds up to a grand world view. For one thing there are far too many gaps in my knowledge of the world. (Remember the world is the whole of reality).   Those of us with merely finite minds have never heard of most of the phenomena that make up our world, let alone formed opinions about them or conceived systematic theoretical accounts of them. We have at best only a patchy picture of the world and many of our opinions turn out to be false.  Plato's allegory of the cave gives us an image of ignorant humanity not even aware of its own limited perspective. And this is how I see a "world view". It's a limited perspective masquerading as a complete panorama.  I don't think we can ever "see" the whole vista. We are part of what we're "looking at".    James.
James   You want us to accept your meaning of the term "world view" (two words) instead of the conventional meaning for "worldview" (one word). This is because you believe your meaning is true to the actual words, and the conventional usage is not.  In particular you stress "world", telling us that a world view must encompass the world, cover all of it.  Yet as individuals, try as they might, we will probably not be able to have a (correct) view of the whole world, only a patchy picture of the world.  I have a problem with this.   The word "view", in every case I am aware of, means a particular perspective. By saying "view", we are saying not all is seen. That is what "view" means. It is subjective because something is seen from one perspective.  A view is subjective. Yet when you combine the two words world and view, you want us to take it to mean an objective rendition of reality. All must be included.   I don't think we can ever "see" the whole vista. We are part of what we're "looking at"." This is what makes your usage unconventional. You say you can't have a world view because it will be from a particular perspective, yet that is what "world view" means. The world from a particular perspective.
 Okay, at first I was mixing them, now I'm using one of them incorrectly. All of this without writing a word. All of this occurring in your mind. You are mixing them and because you do, you are using them incorrectly. And yes it is all in my mind. So is it in yours. That is the point. One mind, one belief. A hundred minds a hundred beliefs. Different ones and all claiming his or hers is the right one. And you can :xbanghead all day long and you will not change that. And we can have this discussion till the end of time or until someone looses intrerest. It doesn't matter eitherway.   This is not a universally true statement.  I can be a Theist and not associate myself with any structured religions (Buddhism, Christianity, Islam, Hindu, etc).  Show me a statment that is universally true. Just a reminder before you sank your teeht into it - the universe is not limited to planet Earth. Structured religions are in my opinion belief systems. Each religion is one system.   The Dewey decimal system is, I would think you would agree, a system. A young student might ask a librarian, "How can I ever find the book I want?" And the librarian might reply "We have a system. I will teach it to you and then you will have a system to find any book in the library."  Well a person can develop a belief system on their own, without interference. The "wolf child" extremes are examples of this. They have a belief system that that says they are part of the wolf pack. Maybe you believe that wolves have belief systems, and they did they introducing/teaching.  I have a system for using eggs. I use the old ones first. I have a system for writing. I start on the left, and move towards the right. I have lots of systems.   And I believe the all have the same characteristics of the definition I wrote. Am I wrong in this? Organization can describe execution, the same as an organizational structure that may achieve the desired result.  ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  So there are no imperfect systems? No system has a contradiction? There might be a (supposed) system, but someone finds a contradiction, and it ceases to be a system? We also have a problem with "have to explain the principles on which the system is organized". I take this to mean simply (for example) "My belief system is: for BHN to gain as much wealth and power as humanly possible before he dies.", and from there all else follows, all of the details so to speak. I sense you see a need to sharply define all of the details.  I have no idea. I have not devoted my life to study systems nor I intend to. Some people my find this their goal in life, certainly I am not one of them because my life is too short to devote it to things I am not particullary interested in.    There are many uses for the term "system". We may need to pick a common one. The first one from my Encarta is: "Complex body; a combination of related elements organized into a complex whole."  The second one from my Encarta says: "A set of principles; a scheme of ideas or principles, for example, for classification or for forms of government or religion." What is wrong with my definition?  Your idea of "no contradictions" is not pointed out in either of these. From the first one we can infer "no contradictions", by saying "whole" means no contradictions. By this definition, we might say an orange is a system. Related elements are organized into a complex whole orange. Peeling, pith, seeds, juice, all organized into a whole orange. If there is no peeling, this is a contradiction to the meaning of an orange, it is not a whole orange, so there is no system. From the second, I can't seem to find the idea of no contradictions. The third definition just throws the gate open: "way of proceeding; a method of procedures for achieving something". We see very few constraints on the use of the word system. I use the dictionary definitions not that you might choose one, but to show that the word has various meanings. Actually we are using "system" as a term, with a specific meaning, especially in association with "belief, as in "belief system". And we seem to be in disagreement about the meaning. You mention "system analyst" as a foundation for the meaning of "system". Do these system analysts analyze all types of systems, or just particular ones? If they do not analyze "belief systems", then you may be using the incorrect term of system analyst, to come to a meaning of belief system. When we attach the word "belief" to "system", we are creating a term (belief system) which should have very a relatively specific meaning, possibly slightly different from the other common usages of the two individuals words.  Well I can't say this is not sometimes true, but I can say it is not necessary. I would actually go so far as to say normally a person does build their own unique belief system, using a shared system, such as Christian Baptist.   So how would you define a system?  The Christian Baptist belief system may be one unified whole, its members are not. Within the group there are many differences in beliefs concerning the details. I have belonged to many church groups where I hear something unusual from a prominent church member, and I will ask a friend "Do you believe that?". The reply will be something like "Well, some people do, I don't really". Within the various sects of Christianity evolution can be a key element of their belief system (saying it is not true, only creationist views are true), and for others in the same sect, evolution is not important. God did it, end of story.  The older the church the more we see these divergences of beliefs. The Catholic church being the best example. Some people would say one has to believe certain things to belong to the Catholic church, and I would agree, but would add that many of the details are left to the individual believer. I have long noticed that individuals seeking a belief system will find one that suits them. This can be as simple as adopting the same one as their parents. They will then tailor the details, to their particular flavor. (Yes I want a cherry sundae, but I want walnuts on mine instead of crushed peanuts.)  Personally I don't care. Beliefes that I have are mine and I change them if I see there is a need for it.   Is the theory of evolution a system? Certainly it is mutable. And the Dewey decimal system, never any modifications? Isn't a language a system? It is certainly not stagnant. Isn't mathematics a system? Haven't there been changes and modifications over the centuries? Wasn't calculus a modification to the mathematical system? Are none of these "systems"?  Who claimed that systems are not dynamic? Certainly not me.   Well, this is a philosophy thread. If this were a scientific thread, I might agree with you. Isn't the intent of philosophy to gain new knowledge? And aren't the instruments of both the same?   Your use of the word/term "worldview" is not the same as commonly accepted in philosophy. Again referring to Encarta as a starting point for the meaning of "worldview": "view of all life; a comprehensive interpretation or image of the universe and humanity."  You want to put some qualifier on it, saying it must have "solid theoretical underpinning", without explaining what this means. A belief in angels has a solid theoretical unpinning, if you are a Christian. If you are a naturalist, there is no solid theoretical underpinning. I would argue that this solid theoretical underpinning, comes from within the belief system itself. Worldviews are, ultimately, self-supporting. I think you yourself answed to your baiting.   The worldview of Naturalism has a basic tenant that there are no supernatural beings or power. It arrived at this point by accepting some evidence, and rejecting other as unconvincing. The yardstick it used came from within the belief system itself. From here it takes no great reasoning to see that naturalism has a solid theoretical underpinning against angels. The belief system came first, the solid theoretical underpinning followed. Your worldview will determine what is acceptable as a solid theoretical underpinning. "Worldview" is a philosophical (or psychological) term, but you want to use it in a scientific sense. This of course comes from your worldview. In the philosophical sense, a worldview is "a patchwork of persuasions that have been contrived from what we were taught at home, at school, or garnered from conversations and experiences, enlivened, perhaps, with a few luminous insights derived from careful study or from our own chance discoveries", and refined according to the individual. What is wrong with that? The behavioral psychology made a great deal of study on one's beliefs and how easily can they be changed. Not to mention the behavioral psychologist make very successful use of these instruments in their everyday practice.  Why not use it, in ascientific way? It happens all the time.   If you can find a reference from a philosophical or psychological source that says most individuals do not have a worldview, it would help support your position. I never claimed that. Of course everyone has a worldview. It is impossible to not have one. Unless you are braindead of course.   Otherwise, it is apples and oranges. Duh! You say apple I say orange. And a third person will say we're both wrong, its a lemon. emoticon_xhoho
I dont have to prove my belief... if i wasnt even alive itd still be true..   God created the Sun, the moon, and the stars... and even the constilations tell the story of the Virgin birth and the Returning Christ as the Lion of Judah... (which is the truth the Egyptians perverted by creating the sphinx---which is the head of a virgin woman and the body of a lion)...   And just so you know, the sphinx was created based on the constilations...
Yes, them evil egyptians perverting such a thing - despite the fact that they created it thousands of years before the doctrine of the virgin birth became something accepted by the Christian church.  So who was it that named the stars and constilations then?? The Egyptians didnt.....
In the eyes of a child you will see...the world as it should be. 
what religion happened to be right in the middle of Human history? (in between B.C. and A.D)  B.C. An abbreviation used with dates of events that took place before the birth of Jesus. b.c. stands for before Christ.   A.D. An abbreviation used with a date, indicating how many years have passed since the birth of Jesus.    Jesus is the way the truth and the life...
This has to be a joke.  If you are not deliberately attempting to be obtuse here, you are frightening. I hope you are not allowed out among the rest of us.   You do know (oh god I hope so) that the dating system you speak of was devised centuries after the fact, is completely arbitrary and is not he only one out there.  I don't see anything wrong with his post, there. Well, other than the idea it's "right in the middle of human history" (human history goes a lot farther back). But like it or not, the "BC/AD"-based dating scheme is the one used for the most part. There has been a political correctness movement in academia to rename the abbreviations by calling them BCE and CE, but the dividing line between the two "eras" is indeed the assumed life of Christ in history.
With respect to BCE and CE, I don't know about politically correct, but the point is the whole fricking world in not Christian and maybe all dates should not make reference to Christ. It just so happens that the West had historically adopted these dates and the West is pretty influential so this date scheme is used. Perhaps we can try to not be so Christo-centric as the poster and apparently you and acknowledge that there actually are non-Christians in the world.   I think Jesus was a good guy and all, but certainly not #1 (not even in the top ten of history's greatest in my book) and I don't have a problem with removing his name from an utterly non-religious context.  Sometimes there are reasons for making changes that don't have to be labeled "PC" by alarmist christian apologists.  No, don't get me wrong. I could care less whether it's called Before Christ, Before Common Era, or whatever. It's just kinda silly to me because they changed the name, but the dating system is still based on the life of Christ. It's like they tried to cover up the "christ" part but anyone who does the least bit of research is still going to see that the dividing line between the 'eras' is the supposed life of Christ. You'd think that, if they were going to 'de-christianize' it, they'd try to change the whole scheme altogether and try to get a different dating system adopted.
That would be more than a little inconvenient, dontcha think?  And you know darned well the Christians would have a hissy fit if our dating system was named before and after Mohammed or Confucius or Julius Caesar.  "Hissy fits" by Christians have never seemed to be of any concern to the scientific community before--exemplified by the very fact you're referring to the expressing of opinions and views on this sort of thing as "hissy fits", just now. So I seriously doubt that would bring pause at all. I do agree with you however, that the inconvenience and work to bring about change in standards probably was a factor in not changing the system altogether. Nevertheless, it would make more sense in the long run to have a more efficient sort of dating system, and one that allows for feasibly going back farther into history. There really is no need to have a dividing line between two separate 'eras' at all, if you think about it. It's ALL history.
actually, it can be proven whether leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and livining care baers, and even god, exists or not.  the question of proving a belief seems kinda self-contradictory to me. if something is a fact that can be proven, then your belief about it is irrelevant. likewise, if you believe something, whether there are facts to support it or not, its still your belief. there are people who believe things inn the absence of supporting facts, and sometimes even in the face of opposing facts. the term for that is faith  faith is the belief of something in the absence of evidence. if you have faith in something, proof is irrelevant, or at least it should be  Are you feeling alright? you just summed up why we cannot prove leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and living care bears, and even god, exists or not.
the existence of these things can be proven. what i summed up is why proof doesnt necessarily affect beliefs. even if i were to prove god's existence or non-existence, it would not matter to someone whose belief is based on faith, but the proof would still be there  Could you define the term "prove"
to establish the truth or genuineness of, as by evidence or argument to verify the correctness or validity of a statement  "x is y" is a statement. to prove this statement, we need to all agree on the definition of x, and of y, and then use logic to determine if x really is y.  Then how can your statements be correct?   After all you said that such beliefs are based on faith, which is a belief despite lack of evidence. If there is no evidence how can you prove such a belief to be true?   If evidence as defined in your definition is required for proof and such beliefs have no evidence how can your argument not be a contradiction?
no, belief in a statement and a statement being true are actually independent of each other.  I never argued otherwise. What I'm confused about is it appears you argued that such beliefs, while based on faith, which you freely supplied a definition as being free of evidence, can be proved to be true based on evidence. In there my confusion rests.   one can believe a true statement or a false statement, and one's belief in a statement does not make it true or false. also, having faith that a statement is true does not make it provable or unprovable.  Of course. That's not what I'm asking clarification for.   proving the existence of god or any of the other items on your list is based on "x is y", where x is "god", for instance, and y is "does exist". once both x and y can be concisely and accurately defined, the statement can be verified  Okay...  believing the existence of god or any other "x is y" statement is a matter of personal choice, and does not necessarily have to correspond with whether the statement is verifiable or not  hope thats a bit clearer  Not really. There's nothing in that post that clarifies my confusion. I never had any problems with the proof effecting beliefs. That's a known fact that showing proof that the Earth is billions of years old won't change the mind of a literal creationist. What I'm confused about is your argument that faith based ideas can be proven with evidence where faith is a belief without evidence.
lets say "pigs can fly" is a faith-based belief. whether the statement is true or not can be proven using logic. this is the case for any statement that is a faith-based statement.  Alright.   like i said, believing a statement based on faith is an individual issue. a faith believer can believe such a statement in the absence of supporting evidence. it doesnt mean that evidence regarding the statement cannot be found, it just means that to the indivdual with faith doesnt use evidence as a factor to hold on to the belief  Okay. I think I understand, so really we can allegedly prove the existence of anything independent of any beliefs about it? I can accept that. Now how can you go about proving that God, a belief only found in faith, exists?
the key to proving whether god exists is to come up with a concise and conclusive definition of god. after all, how can identify god if you don't even know what god is?   the reason why god's existence has never been proven or disproven is because god has never been conclusively defined. god has no characteristics or traits that can identify him. intrestingly enough, not even those that will argue for his existence can articulate what god is.   What do you mean by characteristics or traits? As I recall, most religions have several key characteristics or traits that define their Gods.   what leprechauns, unicorns, the flying spaghetti monster, magical space monkeys and living care bears have in common is that they are defined so that they can be identified by the unique qualities based on these definitions. so statements concerning these things can be logically verified, because the "y" of these statements can be compared to the "x" logically  So how do we prove the existence of those?   what was interesting was that such a being exists, so the existence of god per this definition was proven. however, believers were disgruntled that the definition was too limiting so that proof was thrown out the window and we were back to square one  Come again? How can we prove that a omnipotent God exists?   proving god's existence is both simple and difficult. its as simple as coming up with a definition of god that everyone can agree on. and its as difficult as coming up with a definition of god that everyone can agree on  Screw everyone. Can we prove that the Hindu Gods exist?
whether you guys like it or not, the dating system is separated by the life of Christ.. You cant get around it.. Even if you change it, its obvious the reasons why you would change it (TRYING to deny the fact that it is actually around the life of Christ)  You cant get around this no matter what you say..  BC and AD are centered around Christ.....   By the way, if you wanna get Jesus out of everything, you should maybe go and look up the meaning of your real first name and middle name... More than likely a lot of you have bible names (hebrew names)... and if that is the case, you should change your name!  http://www.babynamesworld.com/quick-search.html
The Chinese calendar isn't Jesus-centered. The year 2007 translates to the Chinese year 4704-4705. Nor the Jewish. The year 2007 translates to the Jewish year 5767-5768. Nor the Hindu. The year 2007 translates to Saka era 1928-1929. Nor the Islamic. The year 2007 translates to A.H. 1427-1428. What point are you trying to make? You understand the arbitrary nature of calendars, don't you?  Are we forgetting the Maya? How about Babylonian calenders?
http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/2007-03-27-maya-2012_N.htm  It's quite disturbing how Christanity has all but shed its history of Monasticism and being the keepers of knowledge. Now apparently the less you know, the better of a Christian you are.
I'm not going to debate this with you but here is one explanation of the Doctrine of Hell from the Protestant perspective. Specifically the Calvinist perspective. And this isn't to say that I am a Calvinist either so don't make any assumptions. I read it though and agreed with it although I would have added some information it doesn't such as Hell was created for the devil and his angels, not man. We go there by choice.   THE DOCTRINE OF HELL  (Mat 13:49-50 KJV) So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just, {50} And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth.  The doctrine of hell is one of the most neglected doctrines in all of Scripture. When hell is mentioned today, it is generally ridiculed, as if the whole idea of hell were so old-fashioned that only the naive and ignorant would really believe that such a place actually exists. This is not hard to understand. Natural men hate the idea of being held accountable for their lives to a holy God, because they love sin and do not wish to part with it. The carnal mind throws up objection after objection to the idea of hell because it does not want to face the reality of it. Men live their lives thinking that maybe if they ignore a difficulty long enough, it will go away. Even conservative religious leaders are now attacking hell.  Let men do what they will, the frivolous objections of the foolish will not do away with hell. Amid the clamour to annihilate hell, those who believe the Bible to be true must stand and speak. Your consideration of the terrors of hell may be one of the most important things you can do in this life. (Ezek 33:4 KJV) Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet, and taketh not warning; if the sword come, and take him away, his blood shall be upon his own head. Please, I implore you, invest the time it takes to read this chapter and book to the end.  Why should we be so concerned about hell? Why should we spend time reading about hell? There are several reasons why it is profitable to do so:  1) Hearing about the terrors of hell may shock your conscience and awaken you out of your false security.  2) Hearing about hell helps to deter men from committing sin. Both the godly and the ungodly are persuaded not to sin as much when they are regularly reminded of the terrors of hell.  3) Hearing about the terrors of hell may help to awaken those among us who may think they are saved because they believe in Christ or the facts of the gospel, but who are not really saved and are on their way to hell, but don't know it.  4) Preaching the doctrine of hell is profitable to both the godly and the ungodly alike, as will be demonstrated.  Why aren't people fearful of hell? There seems to be a real lack of fear today of the reality of hell. This applies to both those who are in the church and those who are in the world. People are not afraid of hell. Why? You would not be afraid of a lion when it is only painted in a picture upon a wall. Why is this? Because it is only a picture. You know that it is not real. But if you were left alone in a jungle and came face to face with a real lion that growled ferociously at you, you would be terrified. The consciences of men are much like the man who only views the painted lion.  We hear of hell in the Bible. We know that the Lord Jesus spoke of hell. In fact, Christ spoke more of hell than anyone else in the Scriptures. Why do men not believe hell is real? Because they do not hear enough about it. We don't study what the Scriptures say about hell. It is not just what we hear which makes up what we believe, it is what we don't hear as well which helps to form our belief system. Only the Spirit of God can present the terrors of hell to our hearts in such a way as to see them alive before us. The doctrine of hell has been used by God more often to the conversion of sinners than any other doctrine in the Scriptures. Pray now that as you read this chapter the Holy Spirit will set hell before you as real indeed.  THE NECESSITY OF HELL  Most who scoff at hell today probably do so for several reasons. Primary among them is a desire to pursue their own paths of sin without having their consciences troubled about the consequences of their actions. They do not want to hear that what they are doing is wrong. They do not want to hear that their sin will be punished. I can hear someone say, "But isn't eternal torment in hell inconsistent with a merciful and loving God? How could a good God punish people in hell forever?" A misunderstanding of the character of God and the nature of sin can easily lead to such questions. Why is hell necessary? Let us examine several reasons for the necessity of hell.  1) The Great Evil in Sin and the Holiness of God. The difficulty most people have in understanding the necessity of hell is related to an incomplete and inadequate understanding of both how awful sin is and how glorious God is. We do not see what a great evil is in the least sin, nor do we understand God's holiness, His justice, and His wrath. If we saw sin as the greatest evil in the world and realized that every sin is a rejection of God's rule over us, a sneering at Him, a shaking of our fist in His face, and a hurling of dung at Him, we would begin to understand a small bit of what our sin is like to God. Every time we sin, we either set ourselves, or a pet lust, up in our hearts as a rival god. Sin rejects the Creator as God and sets up the creature in His place. If we could comprehend God's holiness and what it means to be holy, pure, perfect, upright, and untainted by the least sin, we would have a better idea of why God hates sin so much. Absolute holiness cannot tolerate the least sin, Habakkuk 1:13 "Thou art of purer eyes than to behold evil, and canst not look on iniquity: ..."  If we could understand the glorious holiness and purity of God and also the abominable nature of sin more, then we would have no problem with the absolute necessity of hell. (Jer 17:9 KJV) "The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?" The human heart is sick. The human heart is wicked. The human heart is deceitful. The corruption in the heart causes us to be deceived about the awfulness of sin as well as many other things.  2) God's Infinite Nature. In understanding what our sin is really like, we must view it through the eyes of God. God is an infinite, eternal being. Every act of sin is committed against an infinite, holy God. In every act of sin we dethrone God and set ourselves above God. In every sin this question is the issue, "Whose will shall be done, God's will or man's? Now, man by sin sets his own will above the Lord's, and so kicks God as filth under his feet."1 A single act of sin committed against a holy, infinite God deserves infinite punishment. It is an infinite evil to offend an infinite God even once.  3) Divine Justice. Even one sin against God calls for God to vindicate His name and His justice by punishing it as fully as it deserves. God can and will vindicate His justice. He promises to do so in Romans 12:19 where it says, "Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord. One of the greatest preachers that ever lived, Jonathan Edwards, wrote, "The glory of God is the greatest good; it is that which is the chief end of creation; it is of greater importance than anything else. But this is one way wherein God will glorify Himself, as in the eternal destruction of ungodly men He will glorify His justice. Therein He will appear as a just governor of the world. The vindictive justice of God will appear strict, exact, awful, and terrible, and therefore glorious."2  A DESCRIPTION OF HELL  Hell is a furnace of unquenchable fire, a place of everlasting punishment, where its victims are tormented in both their bodies and their minds in accordance with their sinful natures, their actual sins committed, and the amount of spiritual light given to them, which they rejected. Hell is a place from which God's mercy and goodness have been withdrawn, where God's wrath is revealed as a terrifying, consuming fire, and men live with unfulfilled lusts and desires in torment forever and ever.  In Matthew 13:47-50 the Lord Jesus tells a parable relating to the judgment. In verses 49-50, the Lord describes the fate of the wicked: "So shall it be at the end of the world: the angels shall come forth, and sever the wicked from among the just, {50} And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth."  In examining these words of the Lord Jesus we should first notice that hell is described as being a furnace of fire. Nebuchadnezzar's furnace was heated seven times hotter than normal and is described as "a burning fiery furnace" (Daniel 3:23). John the Baptist spoke of "unquenchable fire" and Revelation describes hell as "a lake of fire burning with brimstone" (Revelation 19:20). Can we really imagine the horror of which these words speak? Imagine every part of your body on fire at the same time, so that every fiber of your being felt the intense torment of being burned. How long could you endure such punishment? Christ tells us that "there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth." The lost will wail and gnash their teeth from having to endure the most intense pain and suffering they have ever felt as the flames consume them and constantly burn every part of their bodies. And there will be no relief.  Jonathan Edwards describes in graphic language what the fires of hell will be like: "Some of you have seen buildings on fire; imagine therefore with yourselves, what a poor hand you would make at fighting with the flames, if you were in the midst of so great and fierce a fire. You have often seen a spider or some other noisome insect, when thrown into the midst of a fierce fire, and have observed how immediately it yields to the force of the flames. There is no long struggle, no fighting against the fire, no strength exerted to oppose the heat, or to fly from it; but it immediately stretches forth and yields; and the fire takes possession of it, and at once it becomes full of fire. Here is a little image of what you will be in hell, except you repent and fly to Christ. To encourage yourselves that you will set yourselves to bear hell-torments as well as you can, is just as if a worm, that is about to be thrown into a glowing furnace, should swell and fortify itself, and prepare itself to fight the flames."3 Hell is also described as a place of darkness. The Lord tells us of the guest without wedding clothes who was cast "into outer darkness" (Matthew 22:13). Jude writes of those in hell "to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness forever" (Jude 13). Christopher Love says in his work Hell's Terrors: "darkness is terrible, and men are more apt to fear in the dark then light: hell is therefore set forth in so terrible an expression, to make the hearts of men tremble; not only darkness, but the blackness of darkness" 4  Hell is compared to Tophet in Isaiah 30:33. Tophet was the place where the idolatrous Jews sacrificed their children to the heathen god Molech by casting them into the fire. Day and night shrieks and howls were heard in that place, as day and night shrieks, howls, and wailing are heard in hell. Isaiah speaks of "wood; the breath of the LORD, like a stream of brimstone, doth kindle it" setting hell ablaze. There is good evidence from the Scriptures that God Himself will be the fire in hell. Hebrews 12:29 says, "For our God is a consuming fire." The ungodly on earth ignorantly dance for joy when they hear pastors speak about the love and mercy of God, but they will be the beneficiaries of neither, unless they repent. To them God will be an all consuming fire. Hebrews 10:30-31 warns: "For we know him that hath said, Vengeance belongeth unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people. {31} It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God."  You shall not escape hell, sinner. God will be your hell and His wrath will consume you and be poured upon you as long as He exists. "(Psa 90:11 KJV) Who knoweth the power of thine anger?..." It is because God Himself will be the fire in hell that words cannot possibly express the terrors of the damned in hell. "There is no reason to suspect that possibly ministers set forth this matter beyond what it really is, that possibly it is not so dreadful and terrible as it is pretended, and that ministers strain the description of it beyond just bounds...We have rather reason to suppose that after we have said our utmost, all that we have said or thought is but a faint shadow of reality."5 In Luke 16:19-26 Christ tells us of two men. One of them was rich (he has traditionally been called Dives); the other man was poor (his name was Lazarus). Both men died. The poor man was carried by angels to heaven and the rich man went to hell. The rich man did not go to hell because he was rich, nor did the poor man go to heaven simply because he was poor. The Lord shows us through this contrast that our circumstances may change drastically when we pass from time into eternity. We are not to be fooled that just because God may not have dealt harshly with us here, that he will not do so after death. The eternal abiding place of both men resulted from the condition of their hearts before God, while they were on earth. Lazarus was a true follower of God. Dives was not. We want to carefully note what the Scriptures tell us about Dives and his condition, for from that we may learn much about hell. Verses 23-24 indicate to us that Dives is "in torment." What does it mean to be "in torment?" This torment refers to both torment in body and torment in soul as well. As we have seen, men's bodies will be tormented in a furnace of fire. Every part of the body will feel the pain of that fire. Men with severe stomach pains can be in great agony from that alone, but this pain will be far greater. Death from cancer is sometimes said to cause extreme pain in the body, but the pain of hell will be far worse. If your body were afflicted with many different and painful diseases all at the same time, you still would not begin to approach the pain of the damned in hell.  Men's consciences shall be in torment in hell as well. Conscience is the worm that will not die which the Scriptures speak of (Mark 9:48; Isaiah 66:24). Dives is told to "remember that during your life." Men will be tormented with extreme pain, but they will also be tormented by their own memories. They will remember hearing of hell and scoffing at it. They will remember being warned and told to repent or told that accepting the blessings of heaven without submitting to Christ as Lord falls short of salvation, but they took no heed to those warnings. They will be tormented by seeing at a distance the glories of heaven (as Dives was able to do), and knowing that for all eternity they will be damned. They will be tormented by unfulfilled desires and unfulfilled lusts (Dives is not able to receive even a drop of water to cool his tongue). They will be tormented by the knowledge that they will never escape from hell (Dives is told that "neither can you pass to us"). They will be tormented by the cries, shrieks, and curses of the damned around them. The most extreme torments a man can experience on earth will be like flea bites compared to the torments of hell.  Jonathan Edwards speaks of men unable to find even a moment of relief in hell in his sermon on The Future Punishment of the Wicked: "Nor will they ever be able to find anything to relieve them in hell. They will never find any resting place there; any secret corner, which will be cooler than the rest, where they may have a little respite, a small abatement of the extremity of their torment. They never will be able to find any cooling stream or fountain, in any part of that world of torment; no, nor so much as a drop of water to cool their tongues. They will find no company to give them any comfort, or do them the least good. They will find no place, where they can remain, and rest, and take breath for one minute: for they will be tormented with fire and brimstone; and they will have no rest day nor night forever and ever."6  THE ETERNITY OF HELL  The most terrifying aspect of all about hell is its length or duration. Hell is eternal. Hell will last forever. Can you comprehend eternity? No mathematical equation or formula can explain it. Your mind cannot conceive of eternity, but it is none the less real. This aspect of hell alone should cause men to cry out in repentance. It is not surprising that skeptics of all ages have attacked the eternal nature of hell, substituting doctrines like the annihilation of the wicked in its place.  Let us look at the Scriptures to verify the eternal nature of hell and to try and understand eternity better. Then we will explore why hell must be eternal. (Rev 20:10 KJV) And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever. This verse clearly gives us the duration of hell. Hell is forever and ever. How could a stronger, more certain expression be used? If the Spirit of God wanted to communicate the eternal nature of hell to men what could communicate it better than the expression "forever and ever?" The Scripture has no higher expression which is used to denote eternity than "forever and ever" for it is the very phrase used to tell us of the eternal existence of God Himself, as in Revelation 4:9: "to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,"  Does anyone doubt that God will live to all eternity? How then can you doubt that hell will not last to all eternity when the same expression is used for both? "We can conceive but little of the matter; but to help your conception, imagine yourself to be cast into a fiery oven, or a great furnace, where your pain would be as much greater than that occasioned by accidentally touching a coal of fire, as the heat is greater. Imagine also that your body were to lie there for a quarter of an hour, full of fire, and all the while full of quick sense; what horror would you feel at the entrance of such a furnace! and how long would that quarter of an hour seem to you! And after you had endured it for one minute, how overbearing would it be to you to think that you had to endure the other fourteen! But what would be the effect on your soul, if you knew you must lie there enduring that torment to the full for twenty-four hours...for a whole year...for a thousand years! Oh, then, how would your hearts sink, if you knew, that you must bear it forever and ever! that there would be no end! that after millions of millions of ages, your torment would be no nearer to an end, and that you never, never should be delivered! But your torment in hell will be immensely greater than this illustration represents."7  Christ, describing the great day of judgment, tells of the separation of the wicked and the righteous using these words: "(Mat 25:46 KJV) And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal." Is there anyone who would deny that heaven exists eternally? Will the lives of the blessed in heaven be brought to an end one day? Of course not. But the same Greek word is used here in this verse to speak of the eternal life of the righteous and the everlasting punishment of the wicked.  Hell will last as long as heaven does. In hell there will be different degrees of torment appointed to men as indicated by a number of Scriptures. Luke 12:47-48 says: "And that servant, which knew his lord's will, and prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes. {48} But he that knew not, and did commit things worthy of stripes, shall be beaten with few stripes...."  Christ says in Matthew 11:24: "But I say unto you, That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment, than for thee.  The verses in Matthew indicate that the people in Capernaum will receive a greater punishment on judgment day than those who had lived in Sodom. The verses in Luke speak of a differentiation in judgment based on the amount of light received: some will receive many stripes and others will receive few. Those who commit greater sins than others or more sins than others will receive greater punishment in hell (John 19:11). Religious hypocrites, those who profess Christianity but are not real Christians, will be punished more severely than others (Matthew 23:14-15). The Lord said of Judas Iscariot, "it had been good for that man if he had not been born." (Matthew 26:24). How could any of these things be said to be true if annihilation were what awaited men after death? The presence of different degrees of punishment only makes sense in light of the ability to sensibly feel the torment. Could it be said that it would have been better for Judas if he had never been born if annihilation was all that awaited him?  Annihilation is like no punishment at all. Each time the unbeliever sins he is adding to his torment in hell. The person who sins twice as much as another with similar light will receive twice as much punishment. Every day that sinners continue to live and breathe here on earth without repenting, they are adding to their torments in hell. Romans 2:5 tells us: "But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;"  The Lord Jesus encouraged the righteous to lay up treasures in heaven rather than on earth. The wicked are increasing their future wrath and torment in hell every day by their continued sinning. They add to their punishment daily. In hell men will wish that they had never been born. Charles Haddon Spurgeon said: "In hell there is no hope. They have not even the hope of dying--the hope of being annihilated. They are forever--forever--forever lost! On every chain in hell, there is written "forever". In the fires there, blaze out the words, "forever". Above their heads, they read, "forever". Their eyes are galled and their hearts are pained with the thought that it is "forever". Oh, if I could tell you tonight that hell would one day be burned out, and that those who were lost might be saved, there would be a jubilee in hell at the very thought of it. But it cannot be--it is "forever" they are cast into the outer darkness."8  Christopher Love uses an illustration to try and help us understand what eternity means: "Suppose all the mountains of the earth were mountains of sand, and many more mountains still added thereto, till they reached up to heaven, and a little bird should once in every thousand years take one (grain of) sand of this mountain, there would be an innumerable company of years pass over before that mass of sand would be consumed and taken away, and yet this time would have an end; and it would be happy for man, if hell were no longer than this time; but this is man's misery in hell, he shall be in no more hope of coming out after he hath been there millions of years, then he was when he was first cast in there; for his torments shall be to eternity, without end, because the God that damns him is eternal."9 Earlier we looked at the necessity of hell or why there must be a place like hell. Now we will look at why hell must not only exist, but why it must exist eternally.  Why is it necessary that hell be eternal? There are several answers to this which we shall explore briefly. The first reason we will look at is the one mentioned by Christopher Love in the passage just quoted. The God who damns men is an eternal God. "Ultimately the eternality of hell is based upon the nature of God."10 Is God's Word eternal? Is God's nature eternal? The Scripture tells us: "(Heb 13:8 KJV) Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever.  (Psa 111:3 KJV) "His work is honourable and glorious: and his righteousness endureth for ever."  1 Pet. 1:25 "....But the word of the Lord endureth for ever."  If God's Word is eternal, if God's righteousness is eternal, if God Himself is eternal, then why shouldn't His wrath be eternal as well? As eternally existent, all of God's attributes are eternal and immutable; therefore, hell, as an expression of God's wrath, must be eternal. Hell must be eternal because God's justice could never be satisfied by the punishment of sinners no matter how long it lasts.  Christ makes this clear when He speaks about settling with your accuser before you get to court, otherwise you shall be cast into prison and "I tell thee, thou shalt not depart thence, till thou hast paid the very last mite" (Luke 12:59). Man can do nothing to pay for his sins. No amount of punishment in hell, no matter how long, can ever atone for sins. It is impossible; therefore, hell must be eternal.  Thirdly, hell must be eternal because the Scriptures tell us that the worm which gnaws the conscience of men in hell never dies. "for their worm shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched..." (Isaiah 66:24). If the worm never dies, then those being tormented by the worm shall never die. Lastly, hell will be eternal because men continue to sin in hell. They increase and compound their guilt there. Hell is a place where tormented men curse God, curse themselves, and scream and wail with blasphemous language at their fellow men around them. Wicked men will increase each other's torments as they accuse, blame, and condemn one another. Men will not repent in hell because the character of sinners does not change. They remain sinners. Men will sin to eternity, therefore, God will punish them eternally.  APPLICATION TO BELIEVERS AND UNBELIEVERS  The Old Testament prophets warn us repeatedly of the dangers of hell: "Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire? who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings?" (Isaiah 33:14, KJV). "(Nahum 1:6 KJV) Who can stand before his indignation? and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger? his fury is poured out like fire, and the rocks are thrown down by him."  Sinner, are you so arrogant as to think you can bear the wrath of God poured out in full measure upon you? You may think that hell is not so hot and that you will be able to bear it quite well. If you believe that you are more than a fool. The terrors of hell cause the devils to tremble and are you so foolish as to be unmoved by them or make light of them?  Do not think that simply because you go to church, or believe in God, or believe intellectually in the truths of Christianity that you will escape hell. The majority of those who regularly attend churches every week, all over the world, will go to hell. Thomas Shepard, pastor and founder of Harvard University, wrote: "Formal professors and carnal gospelers have a thing like faith, and like sorrow, and like true repentance, and like good desires, but yet they be but pictures; they deceive others and themselves too...most of them that live in the church shall perish."11 You who profess to be Christians, but do not read your Bible much and pray little: how shall you escape the damnation of hell? You who are not especially bothered by little sins or troubled by the vain and filthy thoughts which you have: are you ready to go to hell? You who think the kingdom of God consists in a verbal profession of Christ or intellectually believing that Jesus died for your sins, but who are not concerned with living a holy, godly life and give little or no thought to God during the week: are you prepared to endure the torments of hell, day and night, forever and ever? You had better be, because if these things are true of you, you are headed straight for hell, unless you repent. Do not delude yourself!  Christianity does not consist in words, or pious statements, or mere intellectual belief, but in a new heart and a new life dedicated to not sinning and living for the glory of God. If your heart and life have not been changed by God, you are still in your sins. If you are living in known disobedience to the word of God and are unconcerned about it, you have no right to assume you are going to heaven: you are on your way to hell! Repent of all your sins and turn to Jesus Christ and surrender to Him as Lord. Listen to the words of Christ: "(Mat 18:9 KJV) And if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life with one eye, rather than having two eyes to be cast into hell fire.  "Nothing short of the complete denying of self, the abandoning of the dearest idol, the forsaking of the most cherished sinful course--figuratively represented under the cutting off of a right hand and the plucking out of a right eye--is what He claims from every one who would have true communion with Him."12 But remember, the difficulty involved in forsaking all for Christ is nothing compared to spending eternity in hell. I do not believe anyone can be scared into heaven, but I do believe they can be scared away from hell, so that they might begin to seek God with all their hearts, and to beg Christ to have mercy on them. Men stand on the brink of the pit of hell and are ready to fall headlong into it and yet they are completely unaware they are in any danger. If hearing about hell can cause otherwise senseless men to consider eternal truths, then preaching about hell is valuable indeed. It is better to view hell now, while you are living, and be terrified by it, than to have to endure hell forever when you die.  I would not have you to be more afraid of hell than of sin. Sin is your real enemy. Sin is worse than hell because sin gave birth to hell. Would you be willing to go to hell for all eternity for the enjoyment of a little pleasure and lust here on earth? Flee from sin! Flee from living for self and self-pleasing to Jesus Christ. When you die it will be to late. All opportunity to repent ends at death. This doctrine is useful to the godly as well as the ungodly. The doctrine of hell should stir up within the righteous a fear of God. A godly fear is useful in many ways. The one who has a fear of God in his heart has a greater respect for the commandments of God. He who truly fears God will not fear men and would rather displease men than God (Isaiah 8:12-13).  This doctrine should increase your faithfulness and joy in Christ that you have been delivered from the torments of hell and should likewise increase your love for Christ who endured the wrath of God upon the cross for you. The doctrine of hell should stir up within you a fear of sin. It should cause us to fear even little sins and be careful to confess and forsake sins of the heart and thought life also. Let the doctrine of hell keep you from the practice of sin.  The doctrine of hell should help the godly to be patient under all outward, temporary afflictions which come to them. No matter how great your afflictions are in this world, they are far less than the torments of hell from which the Lord has freed the godly. You may have to undergo lesser torments while on earth, but remember they are only temporary and you have been freed from the greatest of all torments so you may rejoice even in a time of affliction.  This doctrine is useful to motivate you to tell others of the message of Christ. Eryl Davies wrote in his book The Wrath of God: "The eternity of hell's sufferings should make us the more zealous and eager to tell people of the only One who is able to rescue them. Do we shrink from declaring these solemn truths? Does the thought of hell displease us? Remember that God will be glorified even through the eternal sufferings of unbelievers in hell. His injured majesty will be vindicated...What is supreme in the purpose of God in the election and reprobation of men is His own glory, and hell also will glorify the justice, power, and wrath of God throughout eternity. In the meantime it is our responsibility to pray and work for the salvation of sinners before such awful punishment overtakes them."13  I cannot leave without one final word to those who think they are converted, but are not; and also, to those who know themselves to be unconverted. Can you conceive of eternity? Stop now and try to imagine being tormented unceasingly, forever, without end. Does this not terrify you? Never a chance for a moment's rest. Never a drop of water to cool your parched throat. Think again of how long eternity is. Try to imagine it: day and night, forever and ever, burned with fire like a spider in a furnace of flames. Shrieking, howling, wailing, cursing the day you were born, and being cursed by the devils and damned souls around you eternally. Remembering, forever remembering, how you were warned on earth and how you ignored those warnings: self-satisfied and self-deceived that all was well with your soul. Job's wife told him to curse God and die. Unless you repent and flee to Jesus Christ, who is your only hope, you shall curse God eternally and be tormented by Him in His presence in the awful fullness of His wrath, and you shall never die. You shall never die. You shall never die! Eternity is forever!  http://www.scionofzion.com/hell2.htm
Hey Archie, thanks for responding, albeit with a cut-and-paste. However, I have carefully read through this article, and I really do not see anywhere in it that does anything other than strengthen my argument that Hell cannot be reconciled with an omniscient, omnipotent God of love.   If it is in there, and I just did not see it, please direct me to the correct part of the article. I'd really appreciate a more personal response from you yourself in your own words on how you reconcile it. Thanks.  One thing DID stick out at me (something which only strengthens my argument):  How does infinite torture equate with justice? What purpose does it serve other than for God's sadistic thrills watching his confused creations scream in torment?   If you told me that God punished people for some remedial purpose so that they can see the error of their ways, I might at least understand if not accept. If you told me that God simply snuffed out the creations that don't cut it with him, I can understand this as well. But simply torturing people for all eternity because they cannot make the leap of faith or were raised in another religion is just sick. It's a level of evil beyond what any mere mortal would be capable of.  Maybe this will help clarify it for you. The Christian doctrine of hell has long been a stumbling block for people to overcome when accepting Christianity. For surely a good God would not send people to hell, especially those who lead a pretty good life and had no possible opportunity to accept Christianity. Below, I will proceed to resolve this problem by first sharpening the apparent disharmony of the doctrine of hell, then pointing out some misconceptions, and finally by providing a positive Christian defense for the classic doctrine of hell.  Typically the problem for the doctrine of hell is established as an unlikely consequence given that if the Christian God exists, he would essentially possess the characteristics of love, mercy, goodness, kindness, etc. Thus, based on the fact that God essentially possesses these characteristics maximally, then it is inconsistent for God also to create a place for the purpose of punishing those who choose not to believe in him, especially those who aren't overtly evil, or had minimal opportunity to accept Christianity. Some proponents of this objection go further to claim that if God creates hell and damns people to it, then God is positively evil. Another problem for the doctrine of hell comes from certain interpretations in the Bible. For example, in Matthew 7:13-14 Jesus seems to teach that the broad path, which is populated by those bound for hell, has a larger following than the narrow way, which leads to heaven. If this is so, one wonders why a good God would create a world knowing that a lopsided outcome was inevitable? Moreover, 1 Timothy 2:4 and 2 Peter 3:9 both seem to teach that God desires no one to go to hell. This makes the previous point even stronger - if God foreknew a lopsided ratio of humanity would go to hell, and God does not desire a single person to go to hell, why did he create this world and hell?  Many of the apparent difficulties with the doctrine of hell disappear when certain misconceptions are clarified. The first one, is a misconception of God's character. While Christians affirm unequivocally that God is essentially good and loving, it must be emphasized that complementary to these attributes is the characteristic of justice. A loving being that ignored evil or that treated bad acts and good acts equally would not be good. Hence, if God is good, then God is also just - he must treat evil as evil. So, if any creatures merited the existence of hell, then God could remain essentially good and loving by giving them justice, even if that means sending some creatures to hell.  A second misconception has to do with how one is "sent" to hell. Often objectors claim that God randomly picks people to be damned as if on a whim. Additionally, they envision that the one sent to hell is absolutely innocent in the matter and had nothing to do with the outcome. On the contrary, Christians have long held that hell is a choice that is made by the one who arrives there (e.g., in Matt. 7:13-14 Jesus says those who choose the broad path walk to destruction). Essentially, then, God does not send people to hell. Rather, people send themselves.  1Jo 3:8 He who sins is of the devil, for the devil has sinned from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that He might destroy the works of the devil. Jesus was sent to defeat and destroy evil by a Gracious and merciful God so that all of humanity can be saved from the hell God created for the devil and his fallen Angels. Anyone who rejects Jesus allies himself with evil and freely chooses the same end that is reserved for the devil. A just God must be Just. It's as simple as that.  http://apologetics.johndepoe.com/hell.html   ///
I have never received an actual explanation for the doctrine of eternal damnation from anyone I've asked. It is something I struggled with before turning to Atheism, something I tried desperately to rationalize, and was one of the main points that LED to me becoming Atheist  Many Christians claim that their God is omnipotent/omniscient. They claim that their God is a god of compassion, love, and mercy. Yet, with all of this, they claim that God punishes all people who do not accept Jesus as their savior with eternal torment in Hell, i.e. the vast majority of mankind numbering into the billions.   What possible compassionate purpose can infinite torture have? The punishment doesn't even serve a remedial purpose because the tormented one is not allowed to repent. It's only conceivable purpose (to me at least) is sadism.   How is this not evil?  This thread is especially so I can her the thoughts of Christians on this and how they rationalize it, but anyone can feel free to chime in with observations, etc.  Well, here is my take on it. I really believe that only the truly evil end up in Hell. Those like Hitler. I think that anyone else goes to heaven - Wiccans, Atheists, Buddhists, etc. - anyone who follows Christ's message of love, tolerance, and acceptance, whether knowingly or not.   Those who preach hate, and those who act on that hate, like Hitler, the KKK, and any other person/persons filled with hate (sad to say, this seems to apply to our own friend Archie here) are the ones who will end up in hell.
Well, here is my take on it. I really believe that only the truly evil end up in Hell. Those like Hitler. I think that anyone else goes to heaven - Wiccans, Atheists, Buddhists, etc. - anyone who follows Christ's message of love, tolerance, and acceptance, whether knowingly or not.   Those who preach hate, and those who act on that hate, like Hitler, the KKK, and any other person/persons filled with hate (sad to say, this seems to apply to our own friend Archie here) are the ones who will end up in hell.  My sole purpose for posting 2 links that describe the christian doctrine of hell was to get an objective narrative of what the bible says on the subject so no one can accuse me of condemning anyone to such a terrible place. The only info I personally contributed was that hell was actually created for the devil and his Angels, not for humans. Yet from those links that speak to what the bible actually says on the subject, you see fit to include me with Hitler as examples of those who will end up in hell.   So tell me SP, who is really the hater here ? And who is it that will ignore what the scriptures actually say and answer the question based on their own limited human hopes and perceptions ? Again, it is you, the self proclaimed rational christian. And a pathetic excuse of a christian you are. Good luck with your hate based hopes and perceptions SP, and I mean that sincerely. emoticon_xgood
Well, here is my take on it. I really believe that only the truly evil end up in Hell. Those like Hitler. I think that anyone else goes to heaven - Wiccans, Atheists, Buddhists, etc. - anyone who follows Christ's message of love, tolerance, and acceptance, whether knowingly or not.   Those who preach hate, and those who act on that hate, like Hitler, the KKK, and any other person/persons filled with hate (sad to say, this seems to apply to our own friend Archie here) are the ones who will end up in hell.  Yep, it's cool when you simply make stuff up that makes you feel better about the unknown. I do it all the time.  When I dies, I'm going to a special place where I can do more than I do even now. Hot babes. Luxury lifestyle. The works. I think I'll call it Las Vegas.  In contect of standard Christianity, Archy's comments are pretty spot on.  For the Jehovah's Witnesses though. The lake of fire results in a 2nd death. Meaning annihilation for human souls. You'll be consumed in the flames as it is a place designed for the fallen angels and not humans. When I learnt of this from the J.W's, I was like 'Sweet! I couldn't have asked for anything more!' Needless to say, that's not quite the response the J.W's were looking for as their puzzled looks atested to.  Some believe that once you come to judgement, you will finally realize the unbridled love of God and then when you're choice to remain seperated from that condemns you to seperation forever, then the mere seperation from love is hell enough. The lake of fire is an anology, you're forever condemned to look across the chasm that seperates at the paradise you could have had had you only accepted the love, mercy and forgiveness of your sins that was freely offered by a God who allowed free will.   "My young son asked me what happens after we die. I told him we get buried under a bunch of dirt and worms eat our bodies. I guess I should have told him the truth - that most of us go to Hell and burn eternally - but I didn't want to upset him." -Jack Handy.
My sole purpose for posting 2 links that describe the christian doctrine of hell was to get an objective narrative of what the bible says on the subject so no one can accuse me of condemning anyone to such a terrible place. The only info I personally contributed was that hell was actually created for the devil and his Angels, not for humans. Yet from those links that speak to what the bible actually says on the subject, you see fit to include me with Hitler as examples of those who will end up in hell.   So tell me SP, who is really the hater here ? And who is it that will ignore what the scriptures actually say and answer the question based on their own limited human hopes and perceptions ? Again, it is you, the self proclaimed rational christian. And a pathetic excuse of a christian you are. Good luck with your hate based hopes and perceptions SP, and I mean that sincerely. emoticon_xgood  I'll have to agree with MasterShake - I haven't a clue how Calvinism possibly agrees with whay you yourself have said.   As to "ignoring what the scriptures say", yes, I ignore somethings in sctipture that do not jive with the teachings of Christ (as the bible was written by HUMANS) - the genocides and ethnic cleansings in the Old Testament, and the misogynistic preachings of Paul for example. Other things I interpret differently than you (the so-called "gay condemnation" verses), especially if it does not jive with what God provides for us to see in his creation (The whole "6000" year old Earth, and the Global flood - both Mythos). I follow not only what has been written of Christ's teachings, but also what God "tells" me in my heart is true - that is where I get the view that I have.  And I'm sorry if it bugs you, Archie, but those who preach hate, both in my views and in your view, will end up in hell. Unfortunately, that includes you, unless you change your ways.
I have never received an actual explanation for the doctrine of eternal damnation from anyone I've asked. It is something I struggled with before turning to Atheism, something I tried desperately to rationalize, and was one of the main points that LED to me becoming Atheist  Many Christians claim that their God is omnipotent/omniscient. They claim that their God is a god of compassion, love, and mercy. Yet, with all of this, they claim that God punishes all people who do not accept Jesus as their savior with eternal torment in Hell, i.e. the vast majority of mankind numbering into the billions.   What possible compassionate purpose can infinite torture have? The punishment doesn't even serve a remedial purpose because the tormented one is not allowed to repent. It's only conceivable purpose (to me at least) is sadism.   How is this not evil?  This thread is especially so I can her the thoughts of Christians on this and how they rationalize it, but anyone can feel free to chime in with observations, etc.  I am not christian but my understanding is thus:  God allowed for the possibility of man to choose god or not god. He did this in order for it to be love. Love requires that one choose it freely. If it is not chosen freely then it is obligation. Imagine bringing your girlfriend a box of chocolates and saying, I HAVE to give these to you because you are my girlfriend. Doesn't that just please her? But then also imagine that you give them to her and tell her, I just wanted to give these to you because I love you. Big difference in her response. Give it a try both ways and see what happens.  God does the same. He wants all to be with him, but, if they don't want to, then he will not force it. To force it would amount to spiritual rape. Therefore he allows one to choose not God.  The other part of it as I understand it is that people are already in eternal damnation. God simply has given the way out.  I heard a joke once:  A man lived in a house near a river. He heard that the flood waters were coming and his friends told him to get in his car and leave. He told them that God would take care of him.   The water started rising around his home and someone in a four wheel drive came by and offered a ride out. He said that God would take care of him.  The waters continued to rise. Someone came by in a boat as he was standing on second floor balcony. He refused their help, saying again, that God would take care of him.   He moved up to his roof as the waters continued to rise. A helicopter came to save him and he refused saying that god would take care of him.   The waters continued to rise and the man perished.  The man went to heaven and met God there waiting for him. The man said "What happened?! I trusted you! I waited for you to save me and look, here I am. I am so angry!"  Then God said to him, "I sent you advanced word, friends to convince you, a four wheel drive, a boat, and a helicopter, what more do you want?"  The point being that God did send salvation in the form of Jesus. The choice is ours. While he does not want any to perish and it grieves him that they will, the choice is still theirs. Would it not be equally hell for you if you were FORCED to spend eternity with the God you hate?
I am not christian but my understanding is thus:  God allowed for the possibility of man to choose god or not god. He did this in order for it to be love. Love requires that one choose it freely. If it is not chosen freely then it is obligation. Imagine bringing your girlfriend a box of chocolates and saying, I HAVE to give these to you because you are my girlfriend. Doesn't that just please her? But then also imagine that you give them to her and tell her, I just wanted to give these to you because I love you. Big difference in her response. Give it a try both ways and see what happens.  God does the same. He wants all to be with him, but, if they don't want to, then he will not force it. To force it would amount to spiritual rape. Therefore he allows one to choose not God.  The other part of it as I understand it is that people are already in eternal damnation. God simply has given the way out.   I don't know about GiantOreo, but there is something off about this. This gives no explanation for those who are raised in their rigid religious beliefs and are allowed no exposure to Christianity - some strict Islamic places, China and Laos, perhaps Will they be punished simply because God caused them to be born in such a position that they would never hear of Christianity (as he is Omnipotent, he would know exactly what would happen to them)?. Talk about a disgusting god.  It also gives no explanation for the millions upon millions of people who never even heard the name of Christ - Mayans, Incas, Aboriginal Australians, pretty much any tribe in a remote area of the world, either today or in the thousands of years of the past.
I believe there is special dispensation for those who've never had a chance to hear the Good News. The last Pope mentioned something dealing with this a few years ago IIRC.   This is also why the great commision for Christians is Evangelism.
I believe there is special dispensation for those who've never had a chance to hear the Good News. The last Pope mentioned something dealing with this a few years ago IIRC.   This is also why the great commision for Christians is Evangelism.  But you know what really doesn't make sense? Why are they evangelising to people (who they know most of them will reject them) if those people get a special dispensation? They'd be condemning people to hell by evangelizing, would they not? Why not leave the people be and let them get the special dispensation? emoticon_confused
The Bible tells us that Jesus died for the sins of the whole world. It also says that those who believe in him will have eternal life. It also tells us that God is love. To me the idea of God not saving those who have struggled but not been able to find faith, those who have been forced away from faith by the actions of others, those who have never had a clear opportunity to know God, is abhorrent, and doesn't match my experience of God, or the impression of God I get from the Gospels. As a protestant I believe that it is the grace of God that saves us, how then can our salvation be contingent on belief? It makes no sense. Some protestants rail at catholics for their belief that faith must be coupled with works, yet what is faith but a work, the choice to trust in God's promise. The doctrine of salvation through faith is just as inadequate as that of works, salvation comes through grace. We are undeserving of grace, and it is the mark of God's love that it is granted. I cannot believe that this same God of love will deny his grace to those to whom he has not given faith in this life.
The Bible tells us that Jesus died for the sins of the whole world. It also says that those who believe in him will have eternal life. It also tells us that God is love. To me the idea of God not saving those who have struggled but not been able to find faith, those who have been forced away from faith by the actions of others, those who have never had a clear opportunity to know God, is abhorrent, and doesn't match my experience of God, or the impression of God I get from the Gospels. As a protestant I believe that it is the grace of God that saves us, how then can our salvation be contingent on belief? It makes no sense. Some protestants rail at catholics for their belief that faith must be coupled with works, yet what is faith but a work, the choice to trust in God's promise. The doctrine of salvation through faith is just as inadequate as that of works, salvation comes through grace. We are undeserving of grace, and it is the mark of God's love that it is granted. I cannot believe that this same God of love will deny his grace to those to whom he has not given faith in this life.  This is another good point. I too find it imposible to believe in God not saving those that have been forced away - thousands upon thousnds of people are pushed away from Christianity when they hear the hateful rhetoric and fearmongering of preachers like Phelps, Hovind, Falwell, Pat Roberts, Bakker, Oral Roberts, Archangel, and pretty much any evangelical preacher. Most Atheists have had some sort of past experience with Christianity, and that experience pushes them away from the Church - usually it is the rhetoric preached by many evangelical churches.  That is why I believe what I do - my beliefs are quite similar to yours. emoticon_xgood
The Bible tells us that Jesus died for the sins of the whole world. It also says that those who believe in him will have eternal life. It also tells us that God is love. To me the idea of God not saving those who have struggled but not been able to find faith, those who have been forced away from faith by the actions of others, those who have never had a clear opportunity to know God, is abhorrent, and doesn't match my experience of God, or the impression of God I get from the Gospels. As a protestant I believe that it is the grace of God that saves us, how then can our salvation be contingent on belief? It makes no sense. Some protestants rail at catholics for their belief that faith must be coupled with works, yet what is faith but a work, the choice to trust in God's promise. The doctrine of salvation through faith is just as inadequate as that of works, salvation comes through grace. We are undeserving of grace, and it is the mark of God's love that it is granted. I cannot believe that this same God of love will deny his grace to those to whom he has not given faith in this life.  So you agree with SP that if you don't like what the bible says just ignore it or reinterpret it to fit with your personal comfort zones ? Well here are some verses to remind you of what Jesus and His Word says on the subject. And then it's up to you to believe what you will.  Eph 2:1  AND you He made alive, who were dead in trespasses and sins, Eph 2:2  in which you once walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit who now works in the sons of disobedience, Eph 2:3  among whom also we all once conducted ourselves in the lusts of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature children of wrath, just as the others. Eph 2:4  But God, who is rich in mercy, because of His great love with which He loved us, Eph 2:5  even when we were dead in trespasses, made us alive together with Christ (by grace you have been saved), Eph 2:6  and raised us up together, and made us sit together in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus, Eph 2:7  that in the ages to come He might show the exceeding riches of His grace in His kindness toward us in Christ Jesus. Eph 2:8  For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, Eph 2:9  not of works, lest anyone should boast. Eph 2:10  For we are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand that we should walk in them.  The above refers to believers in Christ who have received His gift of salvation freely and have the assurance of the Age to come. Do you who haven't consciously received Christ sense the assurance of Gods Grace upon you in a real and vital way ? If not, then you haven't received the promised salvation because you haven't accepted the Messiah, Jesus Christ as your personal Savior. The passages below are from Jesus Himself and are pretty self explanatory.   Jhn 3:18 "He who believes in Him is not condemned; but he who does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  Jhn 3:36 He who believes in the Son has everlasting life; and he who does not believe the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abides on him."  Jhn 8:31  Then Jesus said to those Jews who believed Him, "If you abide in My word, you are My disciples indeed. Jhn 8:32  "And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." Jhn 8:33  They answered Him, "We are Abraham's descendants, and have never been in bondage to anyone. How can You say, 'You will be made free'?" Jhn 8:34  Jesus answered them, "Most assuredly, I say to you, whoever commits sin is a slave of sin. Jhn 8:35  "And a slave does not abide in the house forever, but a son abides forever. Jhn 8:36  "Therefore if the Son makes you free, you shall be free indeed. Jhn 8:37  "I know that you are Abraham's descendants, but you seek to kill Me, because My word has no place in you. Jhn 8:38  "I speak what I have seen with My Father, and you do what you have seen with[fn12] your father." Jhn 8:39  They answered and said to Him, "Abraham is our father." Jesus said to them, "If you were Abraham's children, you would do the works of Abraham. Jhn 8:40  "But now you seek to kill Me, a Man who has told you the truth which I heard from God. Abraham did not do this. Jhn 8:41  "You do the deeds of your father." Then they said to Him, "We were not born of fornication; we have one Father--God." Jhn 8:42  Jesus said to them, "If God were your Father, you would love Me, for I proceeded forth and came from God; nor have I come of Myself, but He sent Me. Jhn 8:43  "Why do you not understand My speech? Because you are not able to listen to My word. Jhn 8:44  "You are of your father the devil, and the desires of your father you want to do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and does not stand in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaks a lie, he speaks from his own resources, for he is a liar and the father of it. Jhn 8:45  "But because I tell the truth, you do not believe Me. Jhn 8:46  "Which of you convicts Me of sin? And if I tell the truth, why do you not believe Me? Jhn 8:47  "He who is of God hears God's words; therefore you do not hear, because you are not of God."
Jhn 8:41  "You do the deeds of your father." Then they said to Him, "We were not born of fornication; we have one Father--God."  And by the way, something for the samiihns among you who deny that Christ even existed should note here that the Pharisees who had Him crucified made this statement insulting him by attacking His birth by asserting that He was born by fornication rather than a Virgin Birth which must have been widely known by the people of the time period in order for it to have been brought up in a public debate.
But you know what really doesn't make sense? Why are they evangelising to people (who they know most of them will reject them) if those people get a special dispensation? They'd be condemning people to hell by evangelizing, would they not? Why not leave the people be and let them get the special dispensation? emoticon_confused  Yep, confusing.  Thus, calls for the erradication of evangelistic behaviors should be heeded. They want this wonderful world to end. They want to impose their faiths on others. But, in their mind, spreading the faith helps usher in the 2nd coming and who WOULDN'T want to have the big J back? And see the butt of evil kicked...and live in a paradise on new earth for a 1,000 years?   As for Jo's calls of being 'forced away'. That's no excuse. It's like saying; 'Whaaa, it's too hard. I won't try.' Or placing blame on the shoulders of another for your failures or inaction. Sure, you can be bitter and have unhealed scars from the mistreatments of others. Be burnt out on listening to one too many false prophets but that would still not interfer with YOUR relationship with God. I think many of the liberal Christians here would attest to that. Granted, some twist what the bible says to fit their own needs but, they still believe. Look at Matthew S. The guy seems rabid against fundies...yet still trys to have his relationship with God as he sees it. If you're being a simple 'spiritualist' and following your own banner...erm heart, then you can have any relationship with a Diety you want. Look at most New Agers and Wiccans...they were former Christians.  Whilst I'd say you're not really a Christian, it's really all about what you think and believe. Other than commentary, does it matter at all what some nameless person in the 'net thinks about what you do or believe in?  @Shadow, "Phelps, Hovind, Falwell, Pat Roberts, Bakker, Oral Roberts, ****, and pretty much any evangelical preacher." Whilst I'd say you're not a 'real Christian' as defined by the Bible, you'd also be surprised that most of those well known preachers/ evangelist aren't either. Just as you omit Paul's misogynistic leanings, they also omit passages that don't support their beliefs. Namely the health-wealth prosperity teachings they use to fleece their flocks with.
Jhn 8:41  "You do the deeds of your father." Then they said to Him, "We were not born of fornication; we have one Father--God."  And by the way, something for the samiihns among you who deny that Christ even existed should note here that the Pharisees who had Him crucified made this statement insulting him by attacking His birth by asserting that He was born by fornication rather than a Virgin Birth which must have been widely known by the people of the time period in order for it to have been brought up in a public debate.  Faulty logic there Arch.  They did KNOW that his mother was unwed and pregnant.  They sought to whip her for that...according to the scripture. Records of her crime would have existed...as would the ever persisting tales that Mary conceived out of wedlock. Truth! No? No need to deny testimony on a 'virgin birth' when the FACT is as I presented.
Yep, confusing.  Thus, calls for the erradication of evangelistic behaviors should be heeded. They want this wonderful world to end. They want to impose their faiths on others. But, in their mind, spreading the faith helps usher in the 2nd coming and who WOULDN'T want to have the big J back? And see the butt of evil kicked...and live in a paradise on new earth for a 1,000 years?  Ah, you do have a point - they believe it will lead to the 2nd coming. And yes, calls for the eradication of evangelistic behaviours should most definitely be heeded.    As for Jo's calls of being 'forced away'. That's no excuse. It's like saying; 'Whaaa, it's too hard. I won't try.' Or placing blame on the shoulders of another for your failures or inaction. Sure, you can be bitter and have unhealed scars from the mistreatments of others. Be burnt out on listening to one too many false prophets but that would still not interfer with YOUR relationship with God.  Jo has quite a valid point, that neither you nor Archie have really addressed. There are thousands of people who aren't "scarred", they literally want nothing to do with what is presented to them as a religion filled with hate. Is it their fault that the evangelical Christians are the ones that presented themselves as the face of Christianity? That's just absurd.  I think many of the liberal Christians here would attest to that. Granted, some twist what the bible says to fit their own needs but, they still believe. Look at Matthew S. The guy seems rabid against fundies...yet still trys to have his relationship with God as he sees it. If you're being a simple 'spiritualist' and following your own banner...erm heart, then you can have any relationship with a Diety you want. Look at most New Agers and Wiccans...they were former Christians.  Whilst I'd say you're not really a Christian, it's really all about what you think and believe. Other than commentary, does it matter at all what some nameless person in the 'net thinks about what you do or believe in? Nope, it really doesn't matter to me whether or not you think I am a "Real Christian". However, I have the same religious/spiritual beliefs as Matthew (in fact we both belong to the same denomination), so your point of me not being a "real Christian" is moot if you consider Matthew a Christian.   @Shadow, "Phelps, Hovind, Falwell, Pat Roberts, Bakker, Oral Roberts, ****, and pretty much any evangelical preacher." Whilst I'd say you're not a 'real Christian' as defined by the Bible, you'd also be surprised that most of those well known preachers/ evangelist aren't either. Just as you omit Paul's misogynistic leanings, they also omit passages that don't support their beliefs. Namely the health-wealth prosperity teachings they use to fleece their flocks with.  Oh, I wouldn't be suprised at all - I know for a fact that they aren't real Christians. Here's a hint - look at my signature for the quote from Thomas Jefferson. THAT is my view on what a "Real Christian" is.
My beliefs aren't about my comfort zone or my own behaviour, I struggle daily trying to live my life as God would have it, and it is not easy .This discussion is about what happens to those who don't believe. As I've said already my personal experience of God, and my reading of scripture, leads me to the conclusion that the idea of non-believers going through eternal torment is a false one, incompatible with the God revealed in the Gospels. If there are individual passages in the Bible that suggest otherwise, then I'm inclined to go with the overall message, not the aberrant sentence or paragraph. Humans wrote the Bible, I believe God guided their hands but, like any of us, they were prone to human failings.
I don't know about GiantOreo, but there is something off about this. This gives no explanation for those who are raised in their rigid religious beliefs and are allowed no exposure to Christianity - some strict Islamic places, China and Laos, perhaps Will they be punished simply because God caused them to be born in such a position that they would never hear of Christianity (as he is Omnipotent, he would know exactly what would happen to them)?. Talk about a disgusting god.  It also gives no explanation for the millions upon millions of people who never even heard the name of Christ - Mayans, Incas, Aboriginal Australians, pretty much any tribe in a remote area of the world, either today or in the thousands of years of the past.  My understanding of the special dispensation is limited. I do know there is one. However, the point would be that people are already living under judgement. Christ is supposed to be the good news that we no longer have to live there. If it was simply fire insurance then that is okay news. But if it rescues me for now then that really is good news!  Huck.
My beliefs aren't about my comfort zone or my own behaviour, I struggle daily trying to live my life as God would have it, and it is not easy .This discussion is about what happens to those who don't believe. As I've said already my personal experience of God, and my reading of scripture, leads me to the conclusion that the idea of non-believers going through eternal torment is a false one, incompatible with the God revealed in the Gospels. If there are individual passages in the Bible that suggest otherwise, then I'm inclined to go with the overall message, not the aberrant sentence or paragraph. Humans wrote the Bible, I believe God guided their hands but, like any of us, they were prone to human failings.  Then how do you explain the passages I posted Jo ? They don't seem to allow for universal salvation whether one believes in Jesus or not. As you refer to the Gospels that you say support your argument, you are ignoring the very passages I quoted that refute what you're arguing for. How do you explain that ? I mean, can you post some passages that support your claims as I did, or is that asking to much.
"He sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through him" - John 3:17  Is a good start. That said, sciptural evidence isn't provided, as evangelicals seem to think, by picking choice quotes to support your argument, it is about considering the whole. I could also, however, point to the sermon on the mount, and ask how it is that the peacemakers can be blessed, if they are going to hell for not believing in Jesus? Can only Christians be peacemakers? What about the poor in spirit, can only Christians be poor in spirit? Or are non-Christians called children of God too?
"He sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through him" - John 3:17  Is a good start. That said, sciptural evidence isn't provided, as evangelicals seem to think, by picking choice quotes to support your argument, it is about considering the whole. I could also, however, point to the sermon on the mount, and ask how it is that the peacemakers can be blessed, if they are going to hell for not believing in Jesus? Can only Christians be peacemakers? What about the poor in spirit, can only Christians be poor in spirit? Or are non-Christians called children of God too?  I agree with you 100% that His Word must be taken as a whole. By picking and choosing only verses that support what we want to be true is the quickest way to distorting the Truth as He intended. So I agree that there are verses that point to Gods Grace and Mercy so they support your perspective. But I have posted direct and clear verses that state that one MUST receive and accept Jesus and what He did on the Cross in order to be saved.   Besides, the Gospel itself is based on Jesus being the propitiation for our sins. The perfect sacrificial Lamb of God who was worthy to pay the price for our sins once and for all time, unlike the repetitive animal sacrifices the Jews had to do prior to His coming. Nothing about it implies that we are universally saved and to imply such a thing is to mislead those who are seeking the truth right into oblivion. That is how important the responsibility to the truth is for those who know it Jo. And when one compromises on such an important detail it concerns me deeply about what else they are compromising on.   I too have a complete family and friends that I love and don't want to think of as lost. But if I truly love them and want to see them in heaven someday then i must not compromise the truth so they'll like me here, but make sure they know the whole truth so when they accept it finally, they will truly be saved and not just plastic christians who will snap at the first application of pressure upon their christian walk.
You've made my point very well, Archangel. Jesus died for the sins of the whole world, for all time. Nothing about that sacrifice was conditional, we are saved by the grace of God, by that sacrifice. We are not saved by the action of believing, as you imply. My believing this does not lead anyone anywhere. I believe that I am saved, I believe that Jesus is my saviour, and it is by his grace that I am saved. The fact that I believe his grace is great enough to save those who don't believe is irrelevant - anyone who believes is saved in both your understanding and mine, and anyone who doesn't believe isn't going to care what either of us believe about who is saved.  Incidentally, the Bible makes clear provision for non-believers to be saved - the non-Christian spouse of a Christian is saved according to Paul.
You've made my point very well, Archangel. Jesus died for the sins of the whole world, for all time. Nothing about that sacrifice was conditional, we are saved by the grace of God, by that sacrifice. We are not saved by the action of believing, as you imply. My believing this does not lead anyone anywhere. I believe that I am saved, I believe that Jesus is my saviour, and it is by his grace that I am saved. The fact that I believe his grace is great enough to save those who don't believe is irrelevant - anyone who believes is saved in both your understanding and mine, and anyone who doesn't believe isn't going to care what either of us believe about who is saved.  Incidentally, the Bible makes clear provision for non-believers to be saved - the non-Christian spouse of a Christian is saved according to Paul.  I'm not sure what you're saying here but I think, based on the bolded that you still think that even those who don't believe in or have a personal relationship with Jesus will still be saved. But we do agree that anyone who believes is saved. I'll just leave you to read these two verses of many more I could post that are very clear in making my point.  hn 3:18 "He who believes in Him is not condemned; but he who does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  Jhn 3:36 He who believes in the Son has everlasting life; and he who does not believe the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abides on him."
 Jo has quite a valid point, that neither you nor Archie have really addressed. There are thousands of people who aren't "scarred", they literally want nothing to do with what is presented to them as a religion filled with hate. Is it their fault that the evangelical Christians are the ones that presented themselves as the face of Christianity? That's just absurd. That's not being 'forced' away. I took your choice of words (forced away) to represent those who were born into the faith or try to adhear to it yet, have had a lot of difficulty. Often by having been abused in one regard or another by fellow believers or teachers.   Being presented with a pile of stinking, nonsensical mythology and chosing not to believe isn't being forced, it's choice.  As I mentioned, a lot of NRM (new religious movements) are followed by former Christians. Nearly every Wiccan, Neo-Pagan, New Ager I've come across in my area was a former Catholic. Evangelism of today, like the above listed religions make many promises. Personal revelations, contentment and happiness, a plan for your own life in the here and now. They take the focus and place it on the self rather than a diety. Nope, it really doesn't matter to me whether or not you think I am a "Real Christian". However, I have the same religious/spiritual beliefs as Matthew (in fact we both belong to the same denomination), so your point of me not being a "real Christian" is moot if you consider Matthew a Christian. No, I don't. But, that doesn't mean anything to you two and how you consider your own faiths.   Oh, I wouldn't be suprised at all - I know for a fact that they aren't real Christians. Here's a hint - look at my signature for the quote from Thomas Jefferson. THAT is my view on what a "Real Christian" is.  Me personally, I take the instruction manuel (ie. the bible) and use that to define what a 'Christian' is.  @Jo. You do know that your actions to disregard certain passages because you disagree with them or don't understand how they relate to a whole is pretty self rightious? If parts of the bible (written by human hands) are prone to be erronious, then who's to say which ones? Why cheerry pick it? Simply toss it out and make up a new faith and religion. You can use aspects of anything you like. Most new agers do this.  Seems to me that you take the 1st step on the road to salvation as lain out and than stop because you disagree with the direction the paths going or the manner in which the direction signs are written in. That it's a choice to follow that path and to you, it seems unfair that your Loving God wouldn't persoanlly lead all to follow.  I've never read anything in the bible that would lead me to think there is much fairness there. This reflects life, in which there are no guarantees of fairness, just attempts at it. I think the parable of the seed would be a good lesson here. The message is scattered for all to receive. How some don't is up to other factors.  And Jo, John 3:17 Jesus didn't come to condemn the world because it was already condemned. His mission wasn't to condemn it more (redundantly) but to offer a way out of that condemnation for those who would accept it of their own free will.  And Jo, the spouse of a Christian IS NOT saved but sanctified. Paul states quite clearly that the believing spouse is NOT to leave the unbeliever because the beliver MAY lead the spouse to salvation. You did a real hatchet job with that.  1 Corinthians 7:12-16 "To the rest I say this (I, not the Lord): If any brother has a wife who is not a believer and she is willing to live with him, he must not divorce her. And if a woman has a husband who is not a believer and he is willing to live with her, she must not divorce him. For the unbelieving husband has been sanctified through his wife, and the unbelieving wife has been sanctified through her believing husband. Otherwise your children would be unclean, but as it is, they are holy.   But if the unbeliever leaves, let him do so. A believing man or woman is not bound in such circumstances; God has called us to live in peace. How do you know, wife, whether you will save your husband? Or, how do you know, husband, whether you will save your wife?"  Simply marrying a believer does not save you. But, the living example of the believer being aaround the unsaved spouse may lead the unbeliever to salvation...a form of evangelism. This was a statement born of logic by Paul and not a command from God. The believer could leave if it came down to it as this was no command by God but were pressured not to do so.  The crucifixion of the Christ and his spilt blood did NOT save everyone. It was the ticket out of condemnation. One must believe in the whole message of the Christ and accept this sacrifice in their place. Any denial of these 'conditions' that come of free will leads to perdition and an eternal seperation. You have sin. You can chose to live forever in it (and God can NOT be near it) which means no Heaven for you or accept the only means to wipe it away.  Think of it like this, you have muddy feet. God don't allow that in his home. Either you remain outside or wipe them off on the specially constructed door mat (Jesus). God isn't going to do it for you...he's allergic to the mud.  There are biblical passages to support this, both old testiment and new.
That's not being 'forced' away. I took your choice of words (forced away) to represent those who were born into the faith or try to adhear to it yet, have had a lot of difficulty. Often by having been abused in one regard or another by fellow believers or teachers.   Being presented with a pile of stinking, nonsensical mythology and chosing not to believe isn't being forced, it's choice. I'll give you that it's a choice. However, this is really the point of GiantOreos post (or at least what I got from it) - how does a loving, omnipotent God possibly condemn someone presented with $hit like what Archie preaches for chosing not to follow this?     No, I don't. But, that doesn't mean anything to you two and how you consider your own faiths.  Very true - and as someone not Christian like yourself, I really think you have less of a stance.    Me personally, I take the instruction manuel (ie. the bible) and use that to define what a 'Christian' is. So do I, and so did Jefferson.   @Jo. You do know that your actions to disregard certain passages because you disagree with them or don't understand how they relate to a whole is pretty self rightious? If parts of the bible (written by human hands) are prone to be erronious, then who's to say which ones? Why cheerry pick it?  That's why she (and I) look at the overarching message of the Bible, and THEN "cherrypick" the parts that we disregard, as they do not agree with the overall message. As I gave an example before, I disregard all verses by Paul that show his misogyny, as that is CLEARLY not a part of the overall message - it is his own personal prejudice showing through. Just like I disregard all of the verses that can be used to support slavery, etc.
You do know that your actions to disregard certain passages because you disagree with them or don't understand how they relate to a whole is pretty self rightious? If parts of the bible (written by human hands) are prone to be erronious, then who's to say which ones? Why cheerry pick it? Simply toss it out and make up a new faith and religion. You can use aspects of anything you like. Most new agers do this.   Why not make something up? Because I believe that the core principles of the Christian faith are true. I believe that there is one God, in the three persons of Father, Son and Holy Spirit, I believe that Jesus is the Son, he was born a man, was crucified, died, and rose again. I believe that by his death and resurrection our sins are redeemed, giving us the gift of eternal life. I believe that Jesus established his church through the apostles and that this church has continued and been reformed to the present.  However, I also believe that parts of the Bible are contradictory, if humans are able to forgive even those who do not ask for it, and are commanded to do good to those who hate them, how can it be that God, who as we know is all loving and all powerful is not capable of saving those who are simply indifferent? The Bible is not the centre of the Christian message, it is simply one of the many means by which it is conveyed. Where it is in apparent contradiction with the work of the Spirit in the world, then I believe that the current working of the Spirit is of overriding importance, perceived through the "still small voice of calm", as it is widely known among Quakers.
@Jo. You do know that your actions to disregard certain passages because you disagree with them or don't understand how they relate to a whole is pretty self rightious? If parts of the bible (written by human hands) are prone to be erronious, then who's to say which ones? Why cheerry pick it? Simply toss it out and make up a new faith and religion. You can use aspects of anything you like. Most new agers do this.  Precisely my argument. Either the bible is fully reliable, or none of it is. If one chooses to deny part of it, by what standard do they judge it other than by their own personal values ?   Seems to me that you take the 1st step on the road to salvation as lain out and than stop because you disagree with the direction the paths going or the manner in which the direction signs are written in. That it's a choice to follow that path and to you, it seems unfair that your Loving God wouldn't persoanlly lead all to follow.  I've never read anything in the bible that would lead me to think there is much fairness there. This reflects life, in which there are no guarantees of fairness, just attempts at it. I think the parable of the seed would be a good lesson here. The message is scattered for all to receive. How some don't is up to other factors.  And Jo, John 3:17 Jesus didn't come to condemn the world because it was already condemned. His mission wasn't to condemn it more (redundantly) but to offer a way out of that condemnation for those who would accept it of their own free will.  And Jo, the spouse of a Christian IS NOT saved but sanctified. Paul states quite clearly that the believing spouse is NOT to leave the unbeliever because the beliver MAY lead the spouse to salvation. You did a real hatchet job with that.  1 Corinthians 7:12-16 "To the rest I say this (I, not the Lord): If any brother has a wife who is not a believer and she is willing to live with him, he must not divorce her. And if a woman has a husband who is not a believer and he is willing to live with her, she must not divorce him. For the unbelieving husband has been sanctified through his wife, and the unbelieving wife has been sanctified through her believing husband. Otherwise your children would be unclean, but as it is, they are holy.   But if the unbeliever leaves, let him do so. A believing man or woman is not bound in such circumstances; God has called us to live in peace. How do you know, wife, whether you will save your husband? Or, how do you know, husband, whether you will save your wife?"  Simply marrying a believer does not save you. But, the living example of the believer being aaround the unsaved spouse may lead the unbeliever to salvation...a form of evangelism. This was a statement born of logic by Paul and not a command from God. The believer could leave if it came down to it as this was no command by God but were pressured not to do so.  The crucifixion of the Christ and his spilt blood did NOT save everyone. It was the ticket out of condemnation. One must believe in the whole message of the Christ and accept this sacrifice in their place. Any denial of these 'conditions' that come of free will leads to perdition and an eternal seperation. You have sin. You can chose to live forever in it (and God can NOT be near it) which means no Heaven for you or accept the only means to wipe it away.  Think of it like this, you have muddy feet. God don't allow that in his home. Either you remain outside or wipe them off on the specially constructed door mat (Jesus). God isn't going to do it for you...he's allergic to the mud.  There are biblical passages to support this, both old testiment and new.  Zardoz, as much as I disagree with you at times, I must say you are right on the money scripturally speaking here. Everything you've written is spot on, especially the bolded is absolutely the scriptural perspective. I applaud your post. emoticon_xagree
Precisely my argument. Either the bible is fully reliable, or none of it is. If one chooses to deny part of it, by what standard do they judge it other than by their own personal values ?   Logical Fallacy: False Dilemma (AKA False Dichotomy, False Choice, Falsified Dilemma, Fallacy of the Excluded Middle, Black and White thinking, False Correlative, Either/or Fallacy, and Bifurcation).
Logical Fallacy: False Dilemma (AKA False Dichotomy, False Choice, Falsified Dilemma, Fallacy of the Excluded Middle, Black and White thinking, False Correlative, Either/or Fallacy, and Bifurcation).  Talks cheap. Prove it is any of those things. Specificly how Universal Salvation can be possible in light of these very clear verses. If the bible isn't trustworthy in this area, how can it be trustworthy in any area ? And by what standard do you reject these passages except by your individual personal value system which is based on your limited human perspective which is much less reliable than the eternal perspective that God has. So actually explain the logical fallacy I'm raising if you can, because from my perspective, you're just putting up a smoke screen with all of your cliches.  Jhn 3:18 "He who believes in Him is not condemned; but he who does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  Jhn 3:36 He who believes in the Son has everlasting life; and he who does not believe the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abides on him." 
Talks cheap. Prove it is any of those things. Specificly how Universal Salvation can be possible in light of these very clear verses. If the bible isn't trustworthy in this area, how can it be trustworthy in any area ? And by what standard do you reject these passages except by your individual personal value system which is based on your limited human perspective which is much less reliable than the eternal perspective that God has. So actually explain the logical fallacy I'm raising if you can, because from my perspective, you're just putting up a smoke screen with all of your cliches.  Jhn 3:18 "He who believes in Him is not condemned; but he who does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  Jhn 3:36 He who believes in the Son has everlasting life; and he who does not believe the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abides on him."  I don't have to prove anything - you used a logical fallacy when you said: "Either the bible is fully reliable, or none of it is", and I pointed it out - if anything, YOU must prove that it isn't a logical fallacy now that you have been called on it.   If you don't know what a false dichotomy is, maybe you should investigate it before using it again.  As far as my standards, I use the same exact ones that Jo uses. I also agree with everything Jo has posted so far on this thread - I'll let you know if Jo ever says anything I disagree with.
I don't have to prove anything - you used a logical fallacy when you said: "Either the bible is fully reliable, or none of it is", and I pointed it out - if anything, YOU must prove that it isn't a logical fallacy now that you have been called on it.   If you don't know what a false dichotomy is, maybe you should investigate it before using it again.  As far as my standards, I use the same exact ones that Jo uses. I also agree with everything Jo has posted so far on this thread - I'll let you know if Jo ever says anything I disagree with.  So let me get this straight. I make a statement, you call my statement a logical fallacy and then I must turn around and prove my original statement isn't a logical fallacy ? Let me tell you how it works on debate forums in the real world SP. That is, when girls aren't mucking up the rules. The one challenging the statement proves it's the Fallacy they are implying it to be. But why would I expect you to get that at all. emoticon_frazzled   And do you think that because you agree with Jo that makes you right or something ? That just means you're both wrong!! The only logical fallacy here is your insistence that universal salvation is anything more than a false hope that people who know they aren't saved keep so they can believe they themselves wont be lost. The sooner you accept that reality you can stop fighting the truth and maybe really find Salvation.  So hate me for saying it but once again, only I am giving you the truth that you don't want to hear.
I have already found salvation, or rather have been gifted it through my Lord and saviour. This discussion in entirely about those who do not believe in Jesus, to suggest otherwise is absurd. The logical fallacy SP refers to is the notion that the Bible must be entirely true or entirely false. This is simply not true. There is no notion in Christian theology, as there is in (for example) Islam, of scripture being the exact dictation of words from God. Scripture contains the Word of God, and much else besides. It is the history up to the 2nd century or so of humanity's relationship with and struggle to comprehend God, written from a human perspective. The New Testament was compiled after much discussion and debate about what should and should not be included. Are you aware, for example, that the order of the books of the New Testament (after the Gospels) is that of perceived veracity - so the latter books were considered of less certain authenticity than the former. How is this possible if they are all infallible? More to the point, how is it possible that fallible authors and fallible Bishops were able to compile and infallible canon of the New Testament, and yet you do not consider the Pope and modern councils of Bishops capable of that same infallibility? (here I suspect Zardoz has the more consistent, albeit playing devil's advocate, position)  In fact I think it is you, Archangel, who is afraid of what you don't want to hear. You are afraid of having your safe, secure, dead faith, plodding along with its ancient texts disturbed by the living Word, by the Holy Spirit acting in the world, challenging your pre-conceptions and your rules about who is and is not saved just as Christ challenged the Pharisees and their cold, dead interpretation of the Law. The grace of God can overpower any law you think may bind him.
 So let me get this straight. I make a statement, you call my statement a logical fallacy and then I must turn around and prove my original statement isn't a logical fallacy ?  Alright - I will show you how it is a logical fallacy, as you seem incapable of seeing it yourself.  Let me tell you how it works on debate forums in the real world SP. That is, when girls aren't mucking up the rules.   Careful Archie. your misogyny is rearing its ugly head again.  The one challenging the statement proves it's the Fallacy they are implying it to be. But why would I expect you to get that at all. emoticon_frazzled  Okay, here we go, since Archieboy cannot see the fallaciousness of his own arguments.  But here you go - adapted from an explanation I gave to someone new to debate on another forum.  You made the claim: "Either the bible is fully reliable, or none of it is."  This is a false choice - You are attempting to force us, the chooser, to decide between absolute commitment or absolute non-commitment. Thus, the possibility of compromise between two extremes is discounted. The presentation of this false choice reflects a deliberate attempt to eliminate the middle ground on an issue.   You are attempting to eliminate the choice: "Some of the Bible is correct and reliable, and we should focus more on attempting to rationally discover which parts are reliable based on observations we can make." There are other choices as well, like: "The Bible may be reliable in its basic description of some politics, but it is not a reliable spiritual guide.", or "The bible is correct in that there is a powerful god, it just does not describe "him" correctly", etc.  What you are attempting to do is the same as me saying that the City of Troy existed and has been discovered (Ithaca as well is believed to have been discovered), validating comments by Homer, and then telling you: "Either the Odyssey and the Iliad are fully reliable or none of either of them are.   As you surely can see, there is the possibility that parts of the Odyssey and the Iliad are correct, and others are not (for example, the conflict of the Trojan war seems to be a condensing by Homer of many conflicts while also changing parts to show war technology of his own personal era), and NOT just the two extremes presented.  That good enough for ya, Archie and everyone else?   [mutters to self]Whew, people sometimes - no clue about debating.[/end muttering]   And do you think that because you agree with Jo that makes you right or something ? That just means you're both wrong!! The only logical fallacy here is your insistence that universal salvation is anything more than a false hope that people who know they aren't saved keep so they can believe they themselves wont be lost. The sooner you accept that reality you can stop fighting the truth and maybe really find Salvation.  So hate me for saying it but once again, only I am giving you the truth that you don't want to hear. When did I say that because I agree with Jo that it makes me right? That is a strawman, Archie.  And then, to top it off, you claim that we are wrong while at the same time claiming it is you that has the "truth! Talk about hypocrisy at its finest.
I have already found salvation, or rather have been gifted it through my Lord and saviour. This discussion in entirely about those who do not believe in Jesus, to suggest otherwise is absurd. The logical fallacy SP refers to is the notion that the Bible must be entirely true or entirely false. This is simply not true. There is no notion in Christian theology, as there is in (for example) Islam, of scripture being the exact dictation of words from God. Scripture contains the Word of God, and much else besides. It is the history up to the 2nd century or so of humanity's relationship with and struggle to comprehend God, written from a human perspective. The New Testament was compiled after much discussion and debate about what should and should not be included. Are you aware, for example, that the order of the books of the New Testament (after the Gospels) is that of perceived veracity - so the latter books were considered of less certain authenticity than the former. How is this possible if they are all infallible? More to the point, how is it possible that fallible authors and fallible Bishops were able to compile and infallible canon of the New Testament, and yet you do not consider the Pope and modern councils of Bishops capable of that same infallibility? (here I suspect Zardoz has the more consistent, albeit playing devil's advocate, position)  In fact I think it is you, Archangel, who is afraid of what you don't want to hear. You are afraid of having your safe, secure, dead faith, plodding along with its ancient texts disturbed by the living Word, by the Holy Spirit acting in the world, challenging your pre-conceptions and your rules about who is and is not saved just as Christ challenged the Pharisees and their cold, dead interpretation of the Law. The grace of God can overpower any law you think may bind him.  I appreciate your OPINION Jo, but everything you've said is lip service that is straight from the archives of unbelievers. And what good do you expect to derive from them regarding the things of the Spirit ? Here is what the bible say's about its own veracity.   2 Timothy 3:14-17 "But as for you, continue in what you have learned and have become convinced of, because you know those from whom you learned it, and how from infancy you have known the holy Scriptures, which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus. All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the man of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work."   And look up these verses to answer every statement you made in your post:  The Authority of the Bible  The Bible proclaims its own authority: Scripture is inspired by God (II Timothy 3:14-17)  Belief in Scripture is necessary and commanded (I Corinthians 14:36-38, John 5:46-47, I John 4:1-6)  God has promised to preserve His word for His people in all generations (Matthew 5:17-18, John 10:35, Isaiah 59:21)  The New Testament writers all referred to the Old Testament as authoritative The New Testament claims the same authority for itself as the Old Testament (2 Peter 3:14-16)  "As Christians we receive the Bible as the Word of God which cannot be judged by any higher standard. The Word of God speaks for itself; it is not verified by any other than the self-verifying Father, Son, and Holy Spirit."
I appreciate your OPINION Jo, but everything you've said is lip service that is straight from the archives of unbelievers. And what good do you expect to derive from them regarding the things of the Spirit ?  I appreciate your OPINION, Archie, but everything you've said is lip service that is straight from the archives of right wing evangelical "Christian" radicals. I also notice you ignore the whole of Jo's post where (he? she?) asks you about the fallibility of the people who chose which books to put into the NT and which ones not to - OT as well (Book of Solomon, which is believed to have been referred to by Jesus; Book of Enoch, Book of Jubilees, etc.) just for the average bible, and then there is others that were chosen for theCatholic Bible and not others (Tobit, Judith, 1&2 Maccabees, Wisdom, Sirach, the rest of Esther, Baruch, etc.).  I also notice a bunch of verses you give that show that Scripture is "God Breathed" and "inspired". I do not see a verse there that says it is the exact dictation of the words from God.  Here is what the bible say's about its own veracity.   Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular.......
I appreciate your OPINION, Archie, but everything you've said is lip service that is straight from the archives of right wing evangelical "Christian" radicals.  Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular logic works because Circular.......  So now you're saying that using the bible to show that it's its own authority is circular logic yet you don't mind using parts of the bible to support whatever interpretations you are comfortable with ? That's real rational, christian. emoticon_rolleyes
So now you're saying that using the bible to show that it's its own authority is circular logic yet you don't mind using parts of the bible to support whatever interpretations you are comfortable with ? That's real rational, christian. emoticon_rolleyes Please read my modified/edited post and answer the questions I added.  And yes, it is circular logic. By your logic the Koran would be true because it claims to be the dictated word of Allah.  How is there a dissonance between me not accepting circular logic, and me deciding which interpretation fits the overarching theme of the bible?
Why not make something up? Because, more often than not, when you 'make stuff up' you're also contradicting the bible and messages it taught. Personally, I think most people do make stuff up or follow those who have gone before them and made stuff up. Thus the tangent Arch and I went off on dealing with what Tongues are according to scripture, tradition and historical context. He appears to follow the Pentecostal made up interpretation rather than what tongues litterally and historically ment in scripture.   However, I also believe that parts of the Bible are contradictory, if humans are able to forgive even those who do not ask for it, and are commanded to do good to those who hate them, how can it be that God, who as we know is all loving and all powerful is not capable of saving those who are simply indifferent? The Bible is not the centre of the Christian message, it is simply one of the many means by which it is conveyed. Where it is in apparent contradiction with the work of the Spirit in the world, then I believe that the current working of the Spirit is of overriding importance, perceived through the "still small voice of calm", as it is widely known among Quakers. God seems to treat everyone the same from my perspective. Offers the same promise of eternal life for those who accept and repent of their sin and seek to sin no more. Those who do sin should seek to redress this wrong asap.  The messages presented in the bible are the center of the Christian message. Without the bible, you'd have nothing other than to follow your own heart...which could be any message. At best, you may have oral tradition. Tradition is mentioned in the bible too. So long as it doesn't contradict scripture or detract from the worship of God, tradition can be good.   Basically, rather than conform your beliefs to scripture and God's desires found therein, as all scripture is good for instruction and the betterment of believers, you seek to do the opposite and follow a different gosple of Jesus. Believing that the core is sufficient. As you pointed out, the core is VERY important but there are further issues that are also important. Rather than seek to turn the sinner away from their ways that are displeasing to God, you seek to justify their actions and say God will accept them just as they are. Jesus did not hang out with UNREPENTANT sinners. When He did approach them, he instructed them at every turn to sin no more. The adulteress was informed to do so. When he sat with the tax payers, did he give the nod of approval to their graft and corruption or specifically instruct them to take no more than was due?  Whether you believe homosexuality is okay or not, engaging in sex prior to marriage is fornication which is specifically talked about. Engaging is sex with another after marriage is adultry. Gays are in a catch 22. Never before have they even been considered to be allowed to marry, so at best their actions are fornications, sexual sins nontheless.  As for the work of the spirit in the world. It could be the spirit or a counterfeit (demonic influence). As the bible mentions, you should test the spirit according to what Scripture has to say. Quakers really haven't stood the test of time.   @ShadowPikachu. While I personally agree with the notion of God as such (I've even discussed so in other threads), the Christian biblical stance is that We have condemned ourselves to a certain degree. Should God make people go to this awsome heaven place and be in his actual presence if they've already made their choice to disregard it for something else? If so, where's the free will? Should He make a special invitation to those 'hard to reach' when the same invite (as expressed in the bible and through those who teach it) is sufficient for others?  As for Jefferson, actually seems he took a basic, stripped down definition. Like defining a human but cutting off the arms as they don't conform to what you think a human should be. Sin isn't just doing bad things to other people. It's disobeying Gods commands. One of the things I've noted on being a father is when teaching the young children to leap into your arms even though you give them no reason to do so. What some don't catch on to is that it builds trust and faith that the parent will catch you when you really have to jump some day (say from a burning building's window). Following some nonsensical rules early helps build that trust later when you may need it. The question on God is would He abuse that blind faith or take advantaqge of it?   As for disregarding my stance, you're perfectly free to disregard any stance from anyone in favor of your own choices. However, basing it on how I present myself is merely attacking the messenger rather than the message. For an 'unbeliever' I certainly know a lot about the subject.   In context (in the bubble) of Christianity, Arch is more accurate than most on what the bible says. Outside of it, or going by what I like/believe...I think the whole issue is junk.   Oh and Jo is a He. And I do value his opinions...even if I disregard many of them as nonsensical. He was one of the few from a past gamers web site (Portent) who used rationality and sense to convince me that the death penalty as practiced in the US is not really just and had too many faults to be reliable. So, while I inately favor the death penalty, and had supported it for many years and don't care much about the life of others, in context of Justice, it isn't.   As to the logical fallacy, what's being said is 'If you disagree with certain parts of the bible and believe them to be wrong, what gives your the authority to believe this?' Why believe A is wrong and not B? If A is written by the same man who wrote B, and you really oppose A, why do you support B? If you believe Jesus is the Messiah, the truth, light and one true way, why accept some beliefs about him and not others? If you accept what is taught, that God is triune in nature and that the physical incarnate Christ was sacrificed for the sins of man so that ANY who believe in Him get a ticket to eteranal life, why not also believe the converse, that those who chose not to believe will be damned by their own choices.  In the legal field, when one part is proven wrong, the whole part is cast into doubt.  If we're picking and choosing, what parts do we keep and what parts do we disregard? Is this all based on personal preferance? Who wants their ears tickled?   Persoanlly, I like the message of Jo and SP. Why not? They sould pretty, make me feel better about myself and give me a chance to get there without doing anything special.  I'd hate to have to lie and falsely repent of all the 'sins' that I've committed whn I really ain't repentant. An omnipotent god would see right through that dishonesty. No?
Rather than seek to turn the sinner away from their ways that are displeasing to God, you seek to justify their actions and say God will accept them just as they are.  Not true. My whole point is that we are all sinners. It is not the act of repentance that saves us, any more than it is faith, salvation is a gift from God. Christ calls us to repent of our sins because our sins cause suffering to ourselves and to others, as well as causing offence to God. That said, the message I take from the Bible is that pointing out the sins of others and lecturing on what is sinful and what is not is not my place. The act of repentance is not just being sorry, but the resolution to turn to a new way. Repentance is a key part of being a Christian, but it comes after belief, it is a response to Christ's promise of salvation, not the ticket price for it.  Your point about gay marriage is a false one, as it is only recently that marriage has become a legal contract, historically marriage began at consumation, whether that was before or after the solemnisation (and amongst all but the aristocracy it was usually before). I don't know what God's view of gay people in monogamous relationships dedicated to him are (the Bible is silent on the subject), but I do believe that God has continued to call men and women to his service who are in such relationships, and I have no evidence to believe that such relationships have the damaging consequences normally associated with sinful behaviour.  Quakers have been around for 300 years, longer than most evangelical sects. The second oldest place of worship in my city is the Quaker meeting house (the oldest is the mediaeval priory church). They seem to be holding up well enough.  BTW my "why not make something up?" was a rhetorical question, I was saying we shouldn't make things up, because we are searching for truth, not the something to make us feel good.  EDIT: my other contention with using the Bible as the only source of doctrine is that it presupposes that no-one since then has had any valuable experience of God beyond that experienced by the early church. Why is it that people value the writings of Paul, who never met Jesus and exhibits some ideas that don't chime while with Christ's message, as infallible truth? Yet we have other writers, whose experience of God has been no less dramatic or profound, such as C.S. Lewis, Charles Wesley, John Calvin, St. Augustine and thousands of others who have no place in scripture, simply by dint of age. Why is the story of Lewis' conversion from Surprised by Joy any less valuable to us than that of Paul's conversion in Acts? Charlotte Elliot expressed my understanding of our position before God in the words of the hymn: Just as I am, without one plea, But that Thy blood was shed for me, And that Thou bidst me come to Thee, O Lamb of God, I come, I come.
 As for Jefferson, actually seems he took a basic, stripped down definition. Like defining a human but cutting off the arms as they don't conform to what you think a human should be. Sin isn't just doing bad things to other people. It's disobeying Gods commands.  I view it as more of cutting off the bone and gristle to get to the meat. :)   Oh and Jo is a He. And I do value his opinions...even if I disregard many of them as nonsensical. He was one of the few from a past gamers web site (Portent) who used rationality and sense to convince me that the death penalty as practiced in the US is not really just and had too many faults to be reliable. So, while I inately favor the death penalty, and had supported it for many years and don't care much about the life of others, in context of Justice, it isn't.  Thanks, wasn't sure.  Hm, I think I have about the same view as you on that - the one in the US is too faulty.   As to the logical fallacy, what's being said is 'If you disagree with certain parts of the bible and believe them to be wrong, what gives your the authority to believe this?' No, that is not the logical fallacy I am highlighting. What I have a beef with is Archies statement: "Either the bible is fully reliable, or none of it is." THAT is the logical fallacy, and THAT is what I have a problem with. It is a very clear logical fallacy, and something that no reasonable debater would use (and points would likely be lost in a formal debate).  That said, I'd like to know, in simple terms, if you agree or disagree that the statement I am taking issue with is a logical fallacy, or if you are not sure, etc.  If you haven't read my argument against Archies Logical Fallacy in post #37, I suggest you do before answering. Why believe A is wrong and not B? If A is written by the same man who wrote B, and you really oppose A, why do you support B? If you believe Jesus is the Messiah, the truth, light and one true way, why accept some beliefs about him and not others? If you accept what is taught, that God is triune in nature and that the physical incarnate Christ was sacrificed for the sins of man so that ANY who believe in Him get a ticket to eteranal life, why not also believe the converse, that those who chose not to believe will be damned by their own choices.  But as we said, we do not accept those exact things - and we have explained what we DO believe   In the legal field, when one part is proven wrong, the whole part is cast into doubt.  If we're picking and choosing, what parts do we keep and what parts do we disregard? Is this all based on personal preferance? Who wants their ears tickled? These questions have been addressed by Jo and myself.    Persoanlly, I like the message of Jo and SP. Why not? They sould pretty, make me feel better about myself and give me a chance to get there without doing anything special.  Thanks.  I'd hate to have to lie and falsely repent of all the 'sins' that I've committed whn I really ain't repentant. An omnipotent god would see right through that dishonesty. No?  Right on - that is also one thing I like to point out to people who use Pascal's wager to try to convince people to believe in God (that an the excellent question of "Which God?")
Not true. My whole point is that we are all sinners. It is not the act of repentance that saves us, any more than it is faith, salvation is a gift from God.   I'm sorry Jo, but you are missing the basic step to being truly saved. And you are so close. So much that you say is true yet you haven't received the indwelling of the Holy Spirit because you haven't repented of your sins and fully accepted that Jesus can take them from you. The first verse being particularly clear. Act 2:38 Then Peter said to them, "Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins; and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. Act 3:19 Repent therefore and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, so that times of refreshing may come from the presence of the Lord, Act 8:22 Repent therefore of this your wickedness, and pray God if perhaps the thought of your heart may be forgiven you. Act 17:30 Truly, these times of ignorance God overlooked, but now commands all men everywhere to repent,  Christ calls us to repent of our sins because our sins cause suffering to ourselves and to others, as well as causing offence to God. That said, the message I take from the Bible is that pointing out the sins of others and lecturing on what is sinful and what is not is not my place.   Jo, if a believer doesn't tell the unbeliever about salvation, how will they learn ? Sharing the Gospel is the greatest act of loving another that you can do in life. Because if you lead them to Christ you lead them to eternal life. 2Ti 3:16 All Scripture is inspired by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, for training in righteousness; The act of repentance is not just being sorry, but the resolution to turn to a new way. Repentance is a key part of being a Christian, but it comes after belief, it is a response to Christ's promise of salvation, not the ticket price for it.  Sorry, repentance comes before acceptance. Repent, accept, receive. In that order.  EDIT: my other contention with using the Bible as the only source of doctrine is that it presupposes that no-one since then has had any valuable experience of God beyond that experienced by the early church. Why is it that people value the writings of Paul, who never met Jesus and exhibits some ideas that don't chime while with Christ's message, as infallible truth? Yet we have other writers, whose experience of God has been no less dramatic or profound, such as C.S. Lewis, Charles Wesley, John Calvin, St. Augustine and thousands of others who have no place in scripture, simply by dint of age. Why is the story of Lewis' conversion from Surprised by Joy any less valuable to us than that of Paul's conversion in Acts? Charlotte Elliot expressed my understanding of our position before God in the words of the hymn:  I would never say that Lewis, Wesley or Spurgeon weren't valid and spirit inspired believers whom God spoke through, just as I know God speaks through me and other believers I know through His Holy Spirit. But if anyone say's or writes anything that conflicts with the Word of God, avoid and reject it like the plague.
I'm not arguing against evangelism, but evangelism is about proclaiming the Good News - the truth of Christ's death and resurrection. I believe that people know, for the most part, when they do things which are wrong, the call for repentance can be general just as John the Baptist's was, but repentance can only come from a belief that there is someone to whom one should direct that repentance, and a need for that repentance. You cannot repent until you believe. I have accepted Jesus' redemption of my sins, how else could I honestly say the words of the act of repentance at anglican holy communion and catholic mass? I believe the holy spirit does dwell in me. Listing what you perceive to be the sins of others is emphatically contradictory to scripture, and has no part in the great commission.  But if anyone say's or writes anything that conflicts with the Word of God, avoid and reject it like the plague.  But what is the Word of God? The Word of God is Christ, not the Bible. We hear the living Word speaking to us through the Bible, but the Bible itself is not the word. We can likewise hear the Word speaking through the work of other writers. Equally it is possible to hear other things through the Bible, I'm sure you are familiar with the idea that "even the devil may quote scripture". Now of course this cuts both ways, but surely this passage is an indication that we must weight the messages we find in scripture against the broader themes of the Gospels and the work of the Spirit?
I'm not arguing against evangelism, but evangelism is about proclaiming the Good News - the truth of Christ's death and resurrection. I believe that people know, for the most part, when they do things which are wrong, the call for repentance can be general just as John the Baptist's was, but repentance can only come from a belief that there is someone to whom one should direct that repentance, and a need for that repentance. You cannot repent until you believe. I have accepted Jesus' redemption of my sins, how else could I honestly say the words of the act of repentance at anglican holy communion and catholic mass? I believe the holy spirit does dwell in me. Listing what you perceive to be the sins of others is emphatically contradictory to scripture, and has no part in the great commission.  Can I take the bolded to mean that if people have no guilt or conviction that what they do is wrong, then they aren't acting against Gods will ? Is that what you're saying ? When i used to smoke pot I rationalized that because it was a natural herb, it wasn't a sin. I have since realized that the verse about quenching the spirit is abandoned for the doctrine of convenience that I used to justify my sin. And don't forget the numerous verses that speak to all the people who ignore the truth in favor of satisfying the lusts of the flesh. Are they too justified because they aren't convicted by their sins ?  But what is the Word of God? The Word of God is Christ, not the Bible. We hear the living Word speaking to us through the Bible, but the Bible itself is not the word. We can likewise hear the Word speaking through the work of other writers. Equally it is possible to hear other things through the Bible, I'm sure you are familiar with the idea that "even the devil may quote scripture". Now of course this cuts both ways, but surely this passage is an indication that we must weight the messages we find in scripture against the broader themes of the Gospels and the work of the Spirit?  The Word of God is Gods handbook for Man. It gives a complete picture of what he wants for us in this flesh. That isn't to say that it answers every single question we have but it tells us what we must know in order to serve and love Him, as He loves us unconditionally.
Can I take the bolded to mean that if people have no guilt or conviction that what they do is wrong, then they aren't acting against Gods will ? Is that what you're saying ? When i used to smoke pot I rationalized that because it was a natural herb, it wasn't a sin. I have since realized that the verse about quenching the spirit is abandoned for the doctrine of convenience that I used to justify my sin. And don't forget the numerous verses that speak to all the people who ignore the truth in favor of satisfying the lusts of the flesh. Are they too justified because they aren't convicted by their sins ?  No, that's not what I mean. I'm simply saying that the vast majority of sins are easily recognisable. Once someone is resolved to follow Christ, with prayer and study they can determine what it is in their life that is sinful. When you smoked pot, if someone had come up to you and told you to repent because of it, would your response have been to listen to them or (either verbally or mentally) tell them to f-off? You say that you realised that your behaviour was sinful, why do you not credit others with being able to do the same?
Do you believe an Aztec priest about to make a human sacrifice 'knew' he was doing wrong? I rather suspect he 'knew' he was performing a devout and necessary act.  Agreed, or at the very least he BELIEVED he was doing the right thing. As do radical islamic suicide bombers and even christians who blow up abortion clinics or kill abortion dr's. But they are all wrong in what they do if they are attempting to justify killing in Gods name.   My own brother, who is one of the most moral men I know in life has told me he has never sinned because according to this Worlds standards he is an upright man, and he knows it. So right off the bat he is guilty of the sin of pride. And when compared to the perfection and holiness of God he will find himself sadly wanting in all areas of morality and perfection. But he can't see that at all. And he is truly a good man by this Worlds standards.   So if a good man can't see his own sin, how much more difficult is it for a bad man to see his error in life ? That is why it is written that:  Jhn 3:6 "That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. Jhn 3:7 "Do not be amazed that I said to you, 'You must be born again.' AND   Jhn 14:17 {that is} the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it does not see Him or know Him, {but} you know Him because He abides with you and will be in you.  Jhn 14:26 "But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in My name, He will teach you all things, and bring to your remembrance all that I said to you.  Jhn 15:26 "When the Helper comes, whom I will send to you from the Father, {that is} the Spirit of truth who proceeds from the Father, He will testify about Me,  Jhn 16:13 "But when He, the Spirit of truth, comes, He will guide you into all the truth; for He will not speak on His own initiative, but whatever He hears, He will speak; and He will disclose to you what is to come.  Apart from the Spirit of God Man cannot be conscious of his sin. or convicted of it anyway. And where there is no conviction, there can be no repentance.
Once someone becomes a Christian, they will then set about trying to put their life in order, to assess those things for which they need to ask forgiveness. If they need help, then they can ask for it, as those who talked with Jesus did. Do you not think that someone praying sincerely to God for guidance on what is right and wrong will receive it? Telling someone who is not a Christian that what they are doing is sinful is unproductive, as the concept of sin and redemption is not one that is meaningful to them. Belief must come first. Ultimately I agree with you that knowledge of Sin comes from God, which is how people know when they have done wrong. That is also why belief in and acceptance of God is necessary before repentance in the Christian sense can take place.
Once someone becomes a Christian, they will then set about trying to put their life in order, to assess those things for which they need to ask forgiveness. If they need help, then they can ask for it, as those who talked with Jesus did. Do you not think that someone praying sincerely to God for guidance on what is right and wrong will receive it? Telling someone who is not a Christian that what they are doing is sinful is unproductive, as the concept of sin and redemption is not one that is meaningful to them. Belief must come first. Ultimately I agree with you that knowledge of Sin comes from God, which is how people know when they have done wrong. That is also why belief in and acceptance of God is necessary before repentance in the Christian sense can take place.  I agree with you Jo about how we must treat people rather than pointing out every sin they're committing. I am just that way in the real World. But I hope you're not trying to show error on my part by being so strong and insistent here on a debate forum. Because here, i am responding to specific questions usually raised by other posters who are seeking presumably honest opinions.   So I strongly resent and reject the implication that i am wrong or somehow judgmental for giving my honest, heartfelt and truthful opinion at all times here, no matter how convicting it is to those who read my responses to their questions. If someone is afraid of the answer then they shouldn't ask the question because my way of loving someone is to share the truth with them, no matter how hard it may be to hear.  And if you really read my responses you know I never have condemned gay in any way. I have never said being gay is unforgivable or that gays can't be saved just like straights can be. But I insist that just as straights must repent which means to turn away from their predominant sins, so must gays. And that is where I lose this crowd because they reject any God who says they must change.   But tell me, would I be loving them into heaved by saying, that's ok, go on about your life of rebellion against Gods Way, it'll all work out in the end. Will that get them to heaven ? Or hell Jo ? You tell me ? But the bible say's that the Word of God never comes back void, so I must speak the truth from Gods perspective, accept the wrath and personal hatred this community will have for me and trust that God, in His perfect timing will awaken the hearts and minds of those who are truly seeking the Truth.
How is his 'believing' different from your 'knowing'?  But if I could tardis my hypothetical Aztec priest onto this discussion board, he'd argue with equal vehemence and certainty that you are wrong in trying to forbid him to kill in Quetzalcoatl's name. How do I distinguish between you?  Because I neither condone or encourage the killing of anyone in my Gods name. And neither did Christ call for the murder of anyone who rejects Him. He commanded us to pray for those who reject Him not to kill them. And any religion that supports such activities is not of the living God. Just because someone claims to be serving God, it doesn't mean they are. And we are to discern the truth from a lie so we aren't deceived by the enemies of God and Man.
But my Aztec friend says the true god - Quetzalcoatl - wants people killed in his name. Why should I believe you over him?  Why am I not surprised that you couldn't tell the difference between a so called god that requires human sacrifices to satisfy his bloodlust and a God of Love who freely allows His creation to reject Him, and continues to love them unconditionally. But you can go ahead and mock him john and He'll still love even you.
I don't think johnhanks can't tell the difference between the two posited "gods", he just can't tell the difference between the justification you use for believing in God and the jusitifcation an Aztec might use for believing in Quetzalcoatal.
First of all, the god that you are describing makes Hitler look like a Disney character. I would want nothing to do with such a God. He seems heartless and evil, that he would commit such crimes against humanity. God gave us the urges to sin. If we didn't have urges to sin, sin would be rare! I don't know what kind of evil creature would attempt to force sentient beings to suffer like this. What about different cultures? They were taught that some things are right, while you are taught they are wrong. Who is right? And why would god pick sides?  Seems is a big word here. A surgeon seems to be a brutal hacker until you realize that he's cutting out disease and working to repair massive damages.  Nearly all repairs to anything start with a little more 'apparant' destructive activity.  God also didn't give us these urges. We usurped them when the original two ate of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of right and wrong.    /devils advocate...
But my Aztec friend says the true god - Quetzalcoatl - wants people killed in his name. Why should I believe you over him?  Exactly.  Way to go, AA. And my Aztec would echo that to the letter.  Sorry, I still can't see how I'm to tell you apart on objective grounds.  John, there a couple of major differences that you neglect. Christians are largely charitable and loving. I see very few aztec charities. In fact, the aztec religion was far more about power grabbing. Jesus called people to be humble. Not that they all are, but it is one of the largest tenets of the religion.  Secondly, there is no evidence of aztec gods existence. None. Not that there are not claims but no actual evidence at all. There is some, albeit small, evidence of the christian god, specifically Jesus.   Huck
  Secondly, there is no evidence of aztec gods existence. None. Not that there are not claims but no actual evidence at all. There is some, albeit small, evidence of the christian god, specifically Jesus.   Huck  Then, the same amount certainly exists for Allah, the Muslim God. The Raelians are also right, I suppose.  All there is, my friend, is evidence that some leader of a religion existed who claimed to be in contact with God.
Then, the same amount certainly exists for Allah, the Muslim God. The Raelians are also right, I suppose.  All there is, my friend, is evidence that some leader of a religion existed who claimed to be in contact with God.  Not quite. Jesus actually claimed to be god not just in contact with him. One of the greatest evidences of the existence of jesus and the truth of those documents (new testament and old) is that the cloud of witnesses for such things is largely women. At that time, no one could be convicted of a crime based on the testimony of women let alone to indicate the truth of a story. Women were property and had zero standing. Take a look at the other major religions. Judaism, islam, etc. None of them are based on the testimony of women. If I were a person of that age trying to convince someone of my claim knowing that it was false, I would not have used women to make the claim.
Josephus, a respected yet independent historian of the day who wasn't a believer per se, was born in 37 AD and lived with contemporaries who knew Christ personally and watched the movement grow in its early years.  Josephus - An Eyewitness to Christianity Josephus was a historian who lived from 37 A.D. to about 100 A.D. He was a member of the priestly aristocracy of the Jews, and was taken hostage by the Roman Empire in the great Jewish revolt of 66-70 A.D. Josephus spent the rest of his life in or around Rome as an advisor and historian to three emperors, Vespasian, Titus and Domitian. For centuries, the works of Josephus were more widely read in Europe than any book other than the Bible. They are invaluable sources of eyewitness testimony to the development of Western civilization, including the foundation and growth of Christianity in the 1st Century.  Josephus - Biblical Accounts Outside the Bible Josephus mentions New Testament events and people in some of his works. For many skeptics, this is viewed as significant evidence against the myth and legend theories that plague early Christianity. Here are some excerpts:  Josephus mentions Jesus in Antiquities, Book 18, chapter 3, paragraph 3 (this paragraph is so phenomenal, that scholars now debate the authenticity of some of the more "favorable" portions of this text):   "Now there was about this time Jesus, a wise man, if it be lawful to call him a man; for he was a doer of wonderful works, a teacher of such men as receive the truth with pleasure. He drew over to him both many of the Jews and many of the Gentiles. He was [the] Christ. And when Pilate, at the suggestion of the principal men amongst us, had condemned him to the cross, those that loved him at the first did not forsake him; for he appeared to them alive again the third day; as the divine prophets had foretold these and ten thousand other wonderful things concerning him. And the tribe of Christians, so named from him, are not extinct at this day."   Josephus mentions John the Baptist and Herod in Antiquities, Book 18, chapter 5, paragraph 2:   "Now some of the Jews thought that the destruction of Herod's army came from God, and that very justly, as a punishment of what he did against John, that was called the Baptist: for Herod slew him, who was a good man, and commanded the Jews to exercise virtue, both as to righteousness towards one another, and piety towards God, and so to come to baptism; for that the washing [with water] would be acceptable to him, if they made use of it, not in order to the putting away [or the remission] of some sins [only], but for the purification of the body; supposing still that the soul was thoroughly purified beforehand by righteousness."   Josephus mentions James, the brother of Jesus, in Antiquities, Book 20, chapter 9, paragraph 1:   "Festus was now dead, and Albinus was but upon the road; so he assembled the sanhedrim of judges, and brought before them the brother of Jesus, who was called Christ, whose name was James, and some others, [or, some of his companions]; and when he had formed an accusation against them as breakers of the law, he delivered them to be stoned: but as for those who seemed the most equitable of the citizens, and such as were the most uneasy at the breach of the laws, they disliked what was done."   Josephus mentions Ananias, the High Priest, who was mentioned in Acts 23:2:  "Now as soon as Albinus was come to the city of Jerusalem, he used all his endeavors and care that the country might be kept in peace, and this by destroying many of the Sicarii. But as for the high priest, Ananias he increased in glory every day, and this to a great degree, and had obtained the favor and esteem of the citizens in a signal manner; for he was a great hoarder up of money."
And check this link out on Biblical Archeology, specifically the Sumerian Tablets that list Pre-flood and Post-flood kings and the ages of those kings that coincide with what Genesis reports.  http://www.allaboutarchaeology.org/biblical-archaeology.htm  Biblical Archaeology: Ancient Civilization Biblical archaeology really begins with the Sumerian civilization of about 2500 BC. To date, numerous sites and artifacts have been uncovered that reveal a great deal about the ancient Mesopotamian culture. One of the most dramatic finds is the Sumerian King List, which dates to approximately 2100 BC. This collection of clay tablets and prisms is most exciting because it divides the Sumerian kings into two categories; those who reigned before the "great flood" and those who reigned after it. The lists are also dramatic because they include the ages of the kings before and after the "great flood," which show the same phenomenal life span changes mentioned in the Bible. Actually, records of a global flood are found throughout most ancient cultures. For instance, the Epic of Gilgamesh from the ancient Babylonians contains an extensive flood story. Discovered on clay tablets in locations such as Ninevah and Megiddo, the Epic even includes a hero who built a great ship, filled it with animals, and used birds to see if the water had receded (see Genesis 7-8).  Biblical Archaeology: Ancient Law & Culture Biblical archaeology continues with the great military civilizations of ancient Mesopotamia and their ultimate impact on law and culture throughout the region. One significant find is the Law Code of Hammurabi, which is a seven foot tall, black diorite carving containing about 300 laws of Babylon's King Hammurabi (Hammurapi). Dated to about 1750 BC, the Law Code contains many civil laws that are similar to those found in the first five books of the Bible. Another find at the ancient city of Nuzi near the Tigris River uncovered approximately 20,000 clay tablets. Dated between 1500 and 1400 BC, these cuneiform texts explain the culture and customs of the time, many of which are similar to those found in the early books of the Bible.  Biblical Archaeology: Ancient Israel Biblical archaeology then turns to the evidence for the early Israelites. The Merneptah Stele (also known as the Israel Stele) is an upright stone slab measuring over seven feet tall that contains carved hieroglyphic text dating to approximately 1230 BC. The Egyptian stele describes the military victories of Pharaoh Merneptah and includes the earliest mention of "Israel" outside the Bible. Although the specific battles covered by the stele are not included in the Bible, the stele establishes extra-biblical evidence that the Israelites were already living as a people in ancient Canaan by 1230 BC. In addition to the Stele, a large wall picture was discovered in the great Karnak Temple of Luxor (ancient Thebes), which shows battle scenes between the Egyptians and Israelites. These scenes have also been attributed to Pharaoh Merneptah and date to approximately 1209 BC. The Karnak Temple also contains records of Pharaoh Shishak's military victories about 280 years later. Specifically, the Shishak Relief depicts Egypt's victory over King Rehoboam in about 925 BC, when Solomon's Temple in Judah was plundered. This is the exact event mentioned in 1 Kings 14 and 2 Chronicles 12.   Outside Egypt, we also discover a wealth of evidence for the early Israelites. The Moabite Stone (Mesha Stele) is a three-foot stone slab discovered near Dibon ,East of the Dead Sea, that describes the reign of Mesha, King of Moab, around 850 BC. According to Genesis 19, the Moabites were neighbors of the Israelites. The stele covers victories by King Omri and Ahab of Israel against Moab, and Mesha's later victories on behalf of Moab against King Ahab's descendants (2 Kings 3). The Black Obelisk of Shalmaneser is a seven-foot, four-sided pillar of basalt that describes the victories of King Shalmaneser III of Assyria. Dated to about 841 BC, the Obelisk was discovered in the ancient palace of Nimrud and shows Israel's King Jehu kneeling before the Assyrian king in humble tribute (see 2 Kings 9-10).  Biblical Archaeology: The House of David and Solomon's Temple Biblical archaeology covering ancient Israeli kings and culture received a huge lift in 1994 when archaeologists discovered a stone inscription at the ancient city of Dan, which refers to the "House of David." The House of David Inscription (Tel Dan Inscription) is important because it's the first ancient reference to King David outside the Bible. Specifically, the stone is a victory pillar of a King in Damascus dated about 250 years after David's reign, which mentions a "king of Israel" (probably Joram, son of Ahab) and a king of the "House of David" (probably Ahaziah of Judah). Another important find is the House of Yahweh Ostracon, which is a pottery shard dated to about 800 BC that contains a written receipt for a donation of silver shekels to Solomon's Temple. Written approximately 130 years after the completion of the Temple, this appears to be the earliest mention of Solomon's Temple outside the Bible.
Oh, but he was: a Jewish believer. That is one reason why most scholars regard the words you emboldened as a later interpolation: they would have been blasphemy in the mouth of a believing Jew.  His Jewishness is precisely what gives his objective account of this historical figure its credibility. He wasn't a Jewish convert to Christ so he had no personal investment in alleging a non-existent historical character existed if in fact this allegation of a completely fictional person is the foundation of a false and man made religion. The question remains, then why would an objective Jewish historian report on a non-existent cult figures existence as if he were a real historical figure if in fact Jesus was the product of some huge conspiracy to create a false Religion ? And who were the architects who designed and built this cultic offshoot of Judaism ?  And why wouldn't He/They have created this cult from within a pagan culture that had a much better chance of fully accepting this new Gospel rather than from within the only monotheistic religion of the day ? If what Christianity represents is truly a man made cult then the number of questions that exist as to why by this route and method would its creators have taken to get where it is today are too innumerable to list. But they must be considered if the accusation and the assumption is to be seriously considered.
Here's a list of the Messianic Prophecies that Jesus fulfilled in His life and by His existence. It not only attests to His existence but to the Bibles accuracy and truthfulness. There is an OT prophecy foretelling of an aspect of His life or ministry, and a New Testament verse speaking to it being fulfilled.  Messianic Prophecy: What Is It? Messianic prophecy is the collection of over 100 predictions (a conservative estimate) in the Old Testament about the future Messiah of the Jewish people. These predictions were written by multiple authors, in numerous books, over approximately 1,000 years. Messianic Prophecy is so dramatic today, because with the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls and the reliability of the Septuagint version of the Old Testament (both of which have been proven to exist prior to the time Jesus walked on the earth) you can be assured that these prophecies were not "conspired" after-the-fact.  Messianic Prophecy: Fulfillment by Jesus Christ Messianic prophecy was fulfilled by the Messiah, Jesus Christ. Although many Jews did not accept Jesus as their Messiah, many did, and they became the Jewish sect later known as the Christians. Christianity, based in dramatic part on the fulfillment of historical prophecy, spread rapidly throughout the Roman Empire of the 1st Century. Examine the prophecies yourself, and calculate the probability of one man fulfilling just a handful of the most specific ones, and you'll be amazed.  "Jesus said to them, 'This is what I told you while I was still with you: Everything must be fulfilled that is written about me in the Law of Moses, the Prophets and the Psalms.'" Luke 24:44 (NIV)  The Old Testament verses are the prophecy; the New Testament verses proclaim the fulfillment. Check them all out for yourself!   Born of a virgin (Isaiah 7:14; Matthew 1:21-23) A descendant of Abraham (Genesis 12:1-3; 22:18; Matthew 1:1; Galatians 3:16) Of the tribe of Judah (Genesis 49:10; Luke 3:23, 33; Hebrews 7:14) Of the house of David (2 Samuel 7:12-16; Matthew 1:1) Born in Bethlehem (Micah 5:2, Matthew 2:1; Luke 2:4-7) Taken to Egypt (Hosea 11:1; Matthew 2:14-15) Herod's killing of the infants (Jeremiah 31:15; Matthew 2:16-18) Anointed by the Holy Spirit (Isaiah 11:2; Matthew 3:16-17) Heralded by the messenger of the Lord (John the Baptist) (Isaiah 40:3-5; Malachi 3:1; Matthew 3:1-3) Would perform miracles (Isaiah 35:5-6; Matthew 9:35) Would preach good news (Isaiah 61:1; Luke 4:14-21) Would minister in Galilee (Isaiah 9:1; Matthew 4:12-16) Would cleanse the Temple (Malachi 3:1; Matthew 21:12-13) Would first present Himself as King 173,880 days from the decree to rebuild Jerusalem (Daniel 9:25; Matthew 21:4-11) Would enter Jerusalem as a king on a donkey (Zechariah 9:9; Matthew 21:4-9) Would be rejected by Jews (Psalm 118:22; I Peter 2:7) Die a humiliating death (Psalm 22; Isaiah 53) involving: rejection (Isaiah 53:3; John 1:10-11; 7:5,48) betrayal by a friend (Psalm 41:9; Luke 22:3-4; John 13:18) sold for 30 pieces of silver (Zechariah 11:12; Matthew 26:14-15) silence before His accusers (Isaiah 53:7; Matthew 27:12-14) being mocked (Psalm 22: 7-8; Matthew 27:31) beaten (Isaiah 52:14; Matthew 27:26) spit upon (Isaiah 50:6; Matthew 27:30) piercing His hands and feet (Psalm 22:16; Matthew 27:31) being crucified with thieves (Isaiah 53:12; Matthew 27:38) praying for His persecutors (Isaiah 53:12; Luke 23:34) piercing His side (Zechariah 12:10; John 19:34) given gall and vinegar to drink (Psalm 69:21, Matthew 27:34, Luke 23:36) no broken bones (Psalm 34:20; John 19:32-36) buried in a rich man's tomb (Isaiah 53:9; Matthew 27:57-60) casting lots for His garments (Psalm 22:18; John 19:23-24) Would rise from the dead!! (Psalm 16:10; Mark 16:6; Acts 2:31) Ascend into Heaven (Psalm 68:18; Acts 1:9) Would sit down at the right hand of God (Psalm 110:1; Hebrews 1:3) 
You speak of AP's "hatred" but take shots at him with every post that you make. Don't you see the hypocricy in that? emoticon_confused  I really don't recall ever attacking the AssociatedPress - in fact, I respect all of the work that is done by them to get the news out to everyone. emoticon_confused
Oops, I meant AA. emoticon_emb  Ah, that makes more sense.  As to "pot-shots" against AA, I merely reply in kind to his "pot-shots" at me (which usually include denigrating remarks against women in general).  The post you quoted in particular (which makes more sense now given you meant AA, thanks), isn't a "potshot" at all, it was me expressing the truth as I see it.
I always find it hilarious when people like Archie use Josephus. They cling desperately to some of his claims, which seem to support them, but then utterly reject others that don't fit with their precious Bible.  For example, do you think Archie would agree with Josephus here on his "account" of the Global Fludde(TM)? :  http://www.ccel.org/j/josephus/works/ant-1.htm  Excellant link. Thanks for posting it. But I wouldn't take his personal interpretation of the Creation to Isaac when he wasn't even born yet, to his reporting on Jesus life when he lived with contemporaries who were alive when jesus was. Josephus was born just 4 years after Jesus was crucified and resurrected from the dead. The living first hand witnesses were all around him for his whole life, or until that generation died off anyway.
The answer remains, he didn't: the passage in question was a later interpolation.  John, you are again making a huge assumption that you cannot support in any way. It has already been proven from Josephus's own records that he thought nothing of going against Jewish Traditions in many of his writings. So produce hard evidence that what you're saying is factual if you can please.   http://www.ccel.org/j/josephus/works/ant-1.htm
You make me laugh daily. Thanks.  Thanks for noticing sinjun, cuz this place sure can use some comedy relief. emoticon_smile
Oh, but he was: a Jewish believer. That is one reason why most scholars regard the words you emboldened as a later interpolation: they would have been blasphemy in the mouth of a believing Jew.   Actually, he was not. He was jewish and was partial to jewish culture. That is where his bias lay. His writings (antiquities etc) confirm that he had little actual belief in God as did the pharisees for example. He was culturally jewish and a historian in the modern sense of the word. He did believe in a god but did not accept that it was god that caused the ivasions of israel or their rescue.
I have never received an actual explanation for the doctrine of eternal damnation from anyone I've asked. It is something I struggled with before turning to Atheism, something I tried desperately to rationalize, and was one of the main points that LED to me becoming Atheist  Many Christians claim that their God is omnipotent/omniscient. They claim that their God is a god of compassion, love, and mercy. Yet, with all of this, they claim that God punishes all people who do not accept Jesus as their savior with eternal torment in Hell, i.e. the vast majority of mankind numbering into the billions.   What possible compassionate purpose can infinite torture have? The punishment doesn't even serve a remedial purpose because the tormented one is not allowed to repent. It's only conceivable purpose (to me at least) is sadism.   How is this not evil?  This thread is especially so I can her the thoughts of Christians on this and how they rationalize it, but anyone can feel free to chime in with observations, etc.The only way to understand the questions you have is to accept the bible. If you do not accept the bible as the word of God you will never receive reasonable answers.
The only way to understand the questions you have is to accept the bible. If you do not accept the bible as the word of God you will never receive reasonable answers.  The point is that the Bible doesn't address these points directly, at least the orthodox interpretation of the Bible doesn't.
In my opinion, it is by accepting the Bible as the "Word of God' you get lots of unreasonable answers. You get answers to questions that don't make sense.Precisely.
Hello everyone, first off I'd like to say I'm an evangelical Christian, so of course I believe in Jesus' existence, just as I believe the Word is the infallible Word of God.  I have heard lately of people who actually argue that Jesus did not exist.  I decided to start this thread to see what everyone thinks.  Do you think Jesus existed? Do you think he existed as described in the bible (Son of God, etc.)? If not, why not?   Here is my view - the Bible tells me that Jesus existed, and is the Son of God, as well as my Lord and Savior, and that is really all I need to know.  Discuss.
No one by the NAME of 'Jesus' EVER existed. Fact.  What you're doing is worshiping someone by a different name than He was given.    And your evidence for this is ?
How about for starters that the letter J never existed in the cultures He was named in?  Yahshua being the more accurate pronunciation of His name. In Greek, it was Iesous which was further corrupted in Latin to Iesus...finally, someone later dropped in the J for Jesus.  What has that to do with anything?  There are many cultures and languages where there are no corresponding letters.  They adopt the one closest to the original.  I suppose you are just trying to be clever clever.
Hello everyone, first off I'd like to say I'm an evangelical Christian, so of course I believe in Jesus' existence, just as I believe the Word is the infallible Word of God.  I have heard lately of people who actually argue that Jesus did not exist.  I decided to start this thread to see what everyone thinks.  Do you think Jesus existed? Do you think he existed as described in the bible (Son of God, etc.)? If not, why not?   Here is my view - the Bible tells me that Jesus existed, and is the Son of God, as well as my Lord and Savior, and that is really all I need to know.  Discuss.  Hi EDO, welcome to the forum. You're not alone as an evangelical believer who accepts Yeshua as Messiah and Gods Word as inerrant. But we have some radical and determined atheists around here so buckle up and be prepared to defend your beliefs. Ali...
What would satisfy you as objective evidence ?
The name JESUS was not used in Judah in the first century. So, it is accurate.  The name would have been Y'shua. So, technically that is correct.  I will say there is no objective evidence from within 50 years of the alleged execution of Jesus that he existed.  Do you think that God is so small that He doesn't know His own children based on the language they speak ? And how do you explain that at the time when many of the books and letters of the NT were written, contemporaries who personally knew Jesus and witnessed his miracles were still alive. If this was all fiction, don't you think the outcry of fraud and false religion would have been deafening, specifically by Jews who were so sensitive to false belief systems, false Messiahs and false Prophets ?
Arch, considering the Jews were under the authority of Roman occupation and the Romans were well known for their acceptance of conquored peoples to continue believing as they wished...so long as the taxes flowed...I doubt the Jews had much power to do anything...especially to a religion that spread to the Gentiles and beyond their own borders. They did (according to the bible) seek to kill the Messiah (and succeeded accordiong to the bible) and Saul (prior to Paul) is noted as persecuting and killing some.  A completely false argument as Rome wouldn't and couldn't tell the Jew what to think or believe. Especially since Rome considered this Christ a threat also, as did the Pharisees and also participated in killing Christians. So their was every real and practical motivation not to be affiliated, or even suspected of being afiliated with this so called CULT. Yet, as we well know through Fox's Book of Martyr's, every single Christian who was given the opportunity to save their lives and avoid the most painful ways of dying the Ancient World could conceive of just for denying Christ, all chose death rather than denying this so called historically fictional character who in many cases was said to have lived in their own lifetimes, or their parents lifetimes.   These people weren't stupid, nor did they choose to die for a lie. So explain why untold numbers chose death rather than denying a nonexistent savior or worse, a dead man who actually died on that Cross but never raised from the dead ? Do you really think those people would have died for a lie when it came right down to the moment of choosing life over a lie ?   As to His proper name. He has many titles. Don't you think you'd honor and show respect more though by calling on your Messiah by his proper name? Couldn't it be possible that the hand of the ever seductive and decietful Satan is behind the notion that you don't need to call on the proper dieties name...close is good enough...just like it's good enough to get into heaven. Close is good enough.  Praise Baal right?  I thank God that He is larger than the small minds of men who seek to confuse and mislead through legalistc controls that accuse sincere people of good conscience that their name for Him is wrong or demeaning in some way. Especially since this criticism is from people who neither believe in or humble themseves before such a Holy God. Y'shua the Messiah translated into english is jesus the Christ. God knows it and so do I. But thanks for representing satan, the father of lies and confusion so well. You really are becoming a good student of his.
No one by the NAME of 'Jesus' EVER existed. Fact.  What you're doing is worshiping someone by a different name than He was given.  No different that calling your Messiah Bill even though his given name was Phillip. So, tell me, how much do you love your Personal, and friendly God when you can't even get His name right?  "Depart from me...for I know not who you are."Nonsense, Zardoz!   There were dozens, if not hundreds of persons named Jesus in the so-called "time" of Jesus, locale Nazareth, etc.  The problem is, was one particular Jesus THE Jesus or is our Jesus a collectivized version of the many Jesuses who existed?
To deny that He existed is ludicrous. The fact that Christianity flourishes some 2000 years after His time is evidence enough that he existed.  Just exactly what His name was at the time of His living here is questionable...but doesn't matter in the least.
Hi EDO, welcome to the forum. You're not alone as an evangelical believer who accepts Yeshua as Messiah and Gods Word as inerrant. But we have some radical and determined atheists around here so buckle up and be prepared to defend your beliefs. Ali...  Thank you, Brother Archangel.  Thank you for the warning - I can already see by most of the posts of this thread that there are quite a few of these radical atheists who are in denial even of the very existence of their Savior.  I agree with you - Jesus/Yeshua's name is really irrelevant - God knows who we are talking to, and that is what is important.
The persistence of Christianity is no evidence of the existence of anything. It is only evidence that humans tend to persistently believe such things. I am not arguing for or against the existence of some guy, only that the longevity of a belief has nothing to do with its veracity.  To deny that the earth is flat is ludicrous. The fact that the belief in the flat earth fourishes still, over 2000 years (well over if it is truethat Sumerian beliefs were of a flat earth), is evidence enough that it is correct.   Sorry, Jim's, but as thelmoose pointed out, the longevity of a belief has nothing to do with its veracity.My statement is not based upon the longevity of belief in His existence but in the widespreadness of it. Your flat-earth analogy fails in that it has been proven to be incorrect. We have looked back at a round earth from a round moon. You cannot prove that the belief that Jesus existed is incorrect.  If belief in the fact that Jesus exists (therefore that He existed 2000 years ago) was as sparce as belief in a flat earth, you might have a point. This time, however...you get no cigar.  It is interesting to me though how religion has stifled scientific progress with its insistence that the earth was the center of things and that the sun went round the earth daily. I don't know that this thought is suggested in the Bible, but it was the Pope and his gang of thieves that kept the world from knowing the truth about it for so many years...I suppose from fear of being exposed as having been in error. Gallileo spent years in confinement because of his beliefs. Copernicus kept some of his thoughts written in code rather than risk punishment at the hands of the 'infallible' religious leaders of the day.  It is this similar insistence that creation took only six days that confuses those religious people who pay attention to scientific facts and proven fossil dating methods. That is why I am convinced that the six day creation description comes from poetic license..if you will..wherein the story is understandable in these terms and not so easily grasped if the timelines were technically correct.  God created all this in six easy steps..called 'days' in the Bible..each being a lot longer than what we call a day today. As a matter of fact, I think the first 'day' came before the separation of nighttime from daylight hours so when He was doing the first 'day's work', our current concept of one day did not exist.
How about for starters that the letter J never existed in the cultures He was named in?  Yahshua being the more accurate pronunciation of His name. In Greek, it was Iesous which was further corrupted in Latin to Iesus...finally, someone later dropped in the J for Jesus. Yeshua is a more accurate pronounciation.  There is little acceptance that it was ever "Yahshua" among scholars
http://www.grantjeffrey.com/article/historicalev.htm  Here is irrefutable evidence for the exisyence of Jesus Christ.  Also Jesus is simply an english translation of the Greek.
Ah, but that would require him to accept that genetic information is the basis for who we are... In any case Archie was a clone of EZ to start with, it's just another mass-produced brainwashed drone with standard pattern template views and one-size-fits-all opinions. They'll come free in packets of cornflakes soon.  I accept that cloning is real Ripskar. In the physical sense anyway. But you do realize that even though a sheep can be duplicated as could a person, but the personality and character of the cloned person would reflect their own personal experiences and the unique influences that shape who they become. My own sister in law is an identical twin whom I've known both twins since we were 13 years old. Even though they're identical in looks, they are night and day in personality.   And I'm not a clone of EZ or any other believer. It's just that truly born again people are saved by the same Spirit and are likeminded because of that connection. Unlike in your World where everyone has their own truth, we who submit to our Lord, submit to His authority and to His Truth which guides us equally and with consistency. But thanks for trying to define us. ;)
http://www.grantjeffrey.com/article/historicalev.htm  Here is irrefutable evidence for the exisyence of Jesus Christ.  Also Jesus is simply an english translation of the Greek.  An excellent link Benjamin, thanks for posting it. Here's a relevant excerpt from the site.   Cornelius Tacitus - Governor of Asia  Cornelius Tacitus was a Roman historian and governor of Asia [Turkey] in A.D. 112. He was a personal friend of the historian Pliny the Younger. In his Annals, written after AD 64, he referred to Emperor Nero's persecution of the Christians. This attack was caused by Nero's false accusation that the Christians had burned the city of Rome. This monstrous lie was intended to cover the truth that the evil emperor himself had ordered the capital set on fire. Tacitus wrote:  To suppress therefore the common rumour, Nero procured others to be accused, and inflicted exquisite punishments upon those people, who were in abhorrence for their crimes, and were commonly known as Christians. They had their denomination from Christus [Christ], who in the reign of Tiberius was put to death as a criminal by the procurator Pontius Pilate. This pernicious superstition, though checked for a while, broke out again, and spread, not only over Judea, the source of this evil, but reached the city [Rome] also. (Annals of Imperial Rome, XV 44).  Tacitus, as a Roman government official and historian with access to the government archives of Rome, confirmed many of the historical details in the Gospels, as well as the books of Acts and Romans. He confirmed that Jesus was executed as a criminal under the authority of Pontius Pilate (who ruled Judea under the reign of Emperor Tiberius). He also declared that the Christians, who began in Judea and were now spreading throughout the empire, derived their worship and religion from the person known as Christ. He verified the explosive growth of this new religion within 32 years of Jesus' crucifixion despite the fact that its founder suffered the death penalty as a criminal. Additionally, Tacitus confirms that the Christians were despised, hated, and falsely accused of crimes, yet they rapidly grew to become a "vast multitude" in Rome itself (Annals XV 44). The reason Tacitus and many other Romans hated the Christians is because of the Christians refusal to worship the pagan gods, and Emperor Nero himself.  Suetonius - Roman Historian  Caius Suetonius was the official historian of Rome during the reign of both Emperor Trajan and Adrian. He was also a friend of Pliny the Younger, and was referred to in several of Pliny's letters. Suetonius wrote a book on the Lives of the First Twelve Caesars. In the section on the Emperor Claudius (who ruled from AD 41 to 54) Suetonius referred to the Christians causing disturbances in Rome which led to their being banished from the city. Suetonius wrote about Claudius: "He banished the Jews from Rome, who were continually making disturbances, Chrestus being their leader." He identified the sect of Jewish Christians as being derived from "the instigation of Chrestus" which was his curious spelling of the name Christ (Life of Claudius 25.4, written in A.D. 125). This statement provides powerful evidence that there were a significant number of Christians living in Rome before A.D. 54, only two decades after Jesus. This passage confirms the statement of Luke (in the Book of Acts) about the exiling of the Jews from Rome during the reign of Claudius. The Apostle Paul found, "a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them" (Acts 18:2).  Suetonius also wrote about the persecution of Christians during the reign of Nero. "The Christians were punished; a sort of men of a new and magical superstition." His criticism of the early Church affirms that this was a "new" religion that had recently appeared (in confirmation of the Gospels and the book of Acts). Furthermore, his reference to "magical superstition" confirms that the Christians were known to produce miracles and healing. The new faith of Christianity was based on the resurrection of their Messiah Jesus of Nazareth which would certainly qualify as a "magical superstition" to a pagan Roman historian.  Pliny the Younger  Caius Plinius Secundus, known as Pliny the Younger, was born near Milan, Italy in A.D. 62. The historian Pliny, a close friend of Tacitus, served as a consul during the reign of emperor Trajan and was later appointed governor of the Roman provinces of Pontus and Bithynia [Turkey] in the period A.D. 101 to 110. He wrote to the emperor to request specific instructions about the interrogation of the Christians whom he was persecuting. In his Epistles X 96, he states that these Christian believers would not worship Emperor Trajan and would not curse their leader, Jesus Christ, even under extreme torture. Pliny wrote that the Christians were:  in the habit of meeting on a certain fixed day before it was light, when they sang in alternate verse a hymn to Christ as to a god, and bound themselves to a solemn oath, not to any wicked deeds, but never to commit any fraud, theft, adultery, never to falsify their word, not to deny a trust when they should be called upon to deliver it up.  Zardoz, NOTE THE BOLDED BELOW...  Pliny described the Christians as people who loved the truth at any cost. It is difficult to believe that these people would willingly die for Jesus Christ if they knew and believed it was a lie. The martyrdom of thousands of these Christians was based on the fact that they knew the truth of the statements in the Gospels about Jesus and were willing to die as martyrs rather than deny their faith in Jesus as the Son of God.
In any case Archie was a clone of EZ to start with, it's just another mass-produced brainwashed drone with standard pattern template views and one-size-fits-all opinions. They'll come free in packets of cornflakes soon.  Better cornflakes than terminal Michael Moore Kool Aid syndrome, like a good many Christ deniers have. But then I haven't checked Michael Moore's temperature lately so many he's come out of his funk.  And who was is that said, "Truth is subjective"? Zardoz? Are they ABSOLUTELY sure of that or just RELATIVELY / SUBJECTIVELY sure?   Anyway, keep studying. It might come to you in time!  Jesus IS LORD!
Holy bloody :xcensoreding Jesus Christ wearing a garter belt!  What the :xcensoreding hell is this thread - exhibit of lunatic "Christians"?  We have Archangel, Benjamin, EDO, and now EZboy himself has come out of retirement for an appearance.  On that note, Holy :xcensored, it appears that EZ is back, at least for a visit - may God save us all!  And as the consistent rational pseudo christian that you are, you contribute your typical filth to the debate. emoticon_emb
Well EDO I am gay and I am christain. I am a liberal christain, in that I belong to an Elca church. We believe that the bible only tells Gods story and was written by man and it is not to be taken literally. So yes Jesus existed, he was crucified and died for us. It was a gift and once baptized, at any age, you don't have to do anything. Infact everyone in the world is under Gods grace wether they want it, or know it. The hell, exclusion, hatred, devisiveness, the "evangelical" christianists create on earth for Gods children makes me sick.
Holy bloody :xcensoreding Jesus Christ wearing a garter belt!  What the :xcensoreding hell is this thread - exhibit of lunatic "Christians"?  We have Archangel, Benjamin, EDO, and now EZboy himself has come out of retirement for an appearance.  On that note, Holy :xcensored, it appears that EZ is back, at least for a visit - may God save us all!  You claim to be Christian!? What a filthy tongue - you should ask Him for forgiveness for using his name in vein.
Sorry, but that 'evidence' has been refuted.  Show me where. I don't believe it.
You claim to be Christian!? What a filthy tongue - you should ask Him for forgiveness for using his name in vein.  Yeah, she actually has "Rational Christian" as a user title under her name. Can you believe it ? emoticon_frazzled :xbanghead emoticon_wow She just doesn't get it. emoticon_rolleyes
Yeah, she actually has "Rational Christian" as a user title under her name. Can you believe it ? emoticon_frazzled :xbanghead emoticon_wow She just doesn't get it. emoticon_rolleyes  Said the pot to the kettle emoticon_rolleyes
Said the pot to the kettle emoticon_rolleyes  Uh, matt, I know you struggle with english comprehension but my handle is An Unworthy Servant, not Rational Christian. And wouldn't you think that a rational christian would defend christianity at least sometimes ? Of course not. Because you do the same as her and deny those truths that conflict with your warped perspective of what the bible says. And that's why you defend her even though every religious opinion she offers is anti-christian in nature. Nice going BROTHER, really... :xbanghead
No one by the NAME of 'Jesus' EVER existed. Fact.  What you're doing is worshiping someone by a different name than He was given.  No different that calling your Messiah Bill even though his given name was Phillip. So, tell me, how much do you love your Personal, and friendly God when you can't even get His name right?  "Depart from me...for I know not who you are."   Are you referring to an early attempt at transliteration of yeshua? Or are you simply saying that he is a concept rather than a person?
The Bible itself says that a believer may do anything and still be saved, it's right there in the Epistles, just that it is not good for us to do certain things. In short, you can murder, cheat and steal, but Christ asks you not to. That is the startling, terrifying thing about grace. Grace is a gift, freely given. Every limit on human behaviour is one we choose to obey (or try to, more often than not), out of loving obedience to God, there is no compulsion.
The Bible itself says that a believer may do anything and still be saved, it's right there in the Epistles, just that it is not good for us to do certain things. In short, you can murder, cheat and steal, but Christ asks you not to. That is the startling, terrifying thing about grace. Grace is a gift, freely given. Every limit on human behaviour is one we choose to obey (or try to, more often than not), out of loving obedience to God, there is no compulsion.  What do you mean by there is no compulsion ? I understand that if I went and killed someone just to experience what it feels like I would be forgiven due to Gods Grace on me as a believer, but the thought of stealing another persons hopes and dreams for such a selfish reason is absolutely reprehensible to me. That is the supernatural compulsion and love of the Holy Spirit living through me that causes the very thought of doing such a terrible thing to another to be so upsetting and disturbing to me. It is not the believer but Christ who lives through the believer who loves those he deals with in life.
Nevertheless it is a choice you make. Because you love other people and love God you may choose not to hurt others, but you are not forced to make that choice.
Was the Bible written by man under inspiration? If yes, why is it not to be taken literally?  Yes and no    If no, why take cognisance of any of it?  Yes and no   If Jesus existed, was crucified and died for us, why do you take that bit literally when you've already stated the contrary?  Yes and no  What happens to unbaptised infants?  All are saved as there is no hell   Once baptised, can I murder and cheat and steal? You said I don't have to do anything (for God) because I am under grace (wanted or not). Should I take this literally or not?  Would you kill or burn your child if they did these things? what part of unconditional love and love without end do you not understand?   What about the Scriptures - He that endures to the end is the one that will be saved, and, faith without works is dead etc. That contradicts your doing nothing.  Faith is enough    If that's not a clear-cut case of Christianity on the individual's terms (not God's), then I don't know what is.  Fascinating.  That just it you don't have to do anything. Grace can not be given or taken away by anything you do or don't do.  And he said, "Let me tell you a secret about a father's love,  A secret that my daddy said was just between us."  He said, "Daddies don't just love their children every now and then.  It's a love without end, amen, it's a love without end, amen." --- George Straight
Well done, you've just found one of the many contradictions in the Bible. You now need to work out which is the accurate version. For me, it's not overly important, I do my best to live as Christ called us to live. Whether you take the protestant view that faith alone is sufficient for salvation or the catholic view that faith must be coupled with good works, or indeed some other interpretation, it is clear that Christ asked us to do two things, love God and love one another. If we are trying to do these things, I don't believe we have much to be concerned about.  Incidentally, breaking the laws of moses for noble reasons is justified in scripture, by the healing of the man on the sabbath.
Actually, there is a LOT that the pseudo-Christian glosses over so as to still maintain the title of 'Christian' but the respectability of the secular.  If you approach the scriptures as intended and stated, you start to resemble EZ and Arch (amongst others), but, their practices are cultic, seperationistic and exclusive and in the world of science and knowledge...complete hogwash.  Who'd want to be something so regressive and backwards thinking? Adopt the ideals and practices of the contemorary man...and you have something approaching a double bind.  Thus, you have to start pruning away cognative disonance conflicts from one side or the other. Usually it's the system that causes you the most problems in your current life so you prune parts of the bible out you don't like.   In weeding, Jo skips over the parable of the vines. Where some vines that bear no good fruit/ are withered, are removed and replaced with new ones.  This is the believer who no longer practices, withering in 'faith' and being removed from Gods vineyard of believers. And those who convert being added in. John 15  Jo sees the passages that state "Everything is permissable but not everything is beneficial" as a carte blanch for being able to do anything and still go to heaven as 'once saved, always saved' which is ironic as that's an attitude extremist calvinist take...it also denies free will. The ability to accept and reject this free gift of grace on a moment to moment basis. The gift is freely given to all but not all accept this gift and those who accept it can lose it.  Sure, everythign is permissable simply because you can do everything but, it's not beneficial. It could hurt you physically or emotionally or even lose you your salvation.  Those who believe in once saved, always saved can often get a sense of spiritual pride and conciet. Thinking they can do things since they can justify them to themselves and if they can do that, God's okay with it. End result is them being Matthew 7:21 The bible does NOT say "a believer may do anything and still be saved." If it does somewhere, maybe Jo can point it out with appropriate scripture. As I states, and as the bible backs up numerous times, the free gift must be ACCEPTED. Think of it like this; you MUST have the ticket to get into heaven. The only way to get this ticket is for you to get one from the ticket giver. The 'cost' for this ticket is said to be free. The ticket giver does NOT force you to take the ticket, nor does He slip it into your back pocket while you're not looking. Simply ASK and your shall RECIEVE. Matt 7:7-12  That's not to say the apostate message of the pseudo-Christian isn't appealing. It tickles the ears mightily. It even allows one such as myself to enter into the small gate at the end of the narrow path...you know the one "But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it." Matthew 7:14 Heck, I've freely broken EVERY commandment and without repentance. That I did so for mostly noble reasons is beside the point. Would be nice to get an easy out and be treated as those who followed evry rule to a T.  @Matthew S, "Would you kill or burn your child if they did these things? what part of unconditional love and love without end do you not understand?"  The part where my Son turn his back on me, runs far away and came to a bad end out of my sight and control...all because he exercised his free will to do so. Heck, I'm personally going through this right now with my eldest. The story of the prodigal son has a meaning to it you know. Turn back and repent before it's too late. At NO time did the father rush after his errant son nor compel him to return. Heck, the father didn't even know that the son spent all his inheritance and was starving UNTIL he came home.   In the end, what I find amazing is why pseudo Christians even hang on to the thin vinear of Christianity...it's like walking with a crutch when they know they don't need it. They've become so use to being told they have a broken leg, that when they realize they don't (or it's been healed) that they still cling to it. Some even trade in the crutch for a cane or wheelchair (alternative religious belief system they take up after realizing the one they were born with isn't for them see also: Pagans who were born and raised Christian).  Of course, ditching the crutch can have it's own problems. Some realize they can walk unaided and begin to run...ignoring walls and cliffs. (So Atheism isn't for everyone either.)  *shrug*  Then explain the thief who died on the Cross next to Jesus on the day He was Crucified for the sins of humanity. Did the Lord not say to him, today you will be with Me in Paradise ? What did that man do to deserve salvation ? He did nothing to benefit or further the cause of God other than to honor, believe and receive the promise that Jesus was a worthy sacrifice as the unblemished Lamb of God.  For Paul to have said that "everything is permissible, but not everything is beneficial" was a very Radical and extraordinary statement to make at the time that he said it, especially to the Jew who was being crushed by the limitations of the Levitical Law. And Paul understood that if not for the restraint of the Holy Spirit we would be led and controlled by the flesh and the Natural man which we struggle with daily as believers.  Rom 8:5 For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.  And don't forget this regarding those believers who willfully disobey the Spirit which dwells within them.  1Cr 5:5 To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.  So even though the bible does say that Faith without Works is Dead, the reality is that Believers who know and Love the Lord serve Him by the constant and prevailing power of the indwelling Holy Spirit which guides and convicts them every day of their lives. If they ignore the Spirit then the verse above may be fulfilled, but as you can see, they wont lose their salvation or Gods love would be conditional as you have implied and that just isn't true at all.
Literary contradictions, and contradictory application and interpretation of Scripture by some Christians. The accurate version should be vital to be discerned by dedicated Christians.  How would you interpret Matt. 7:21-23 in the light of your comment that, for you, it's not overly important? Clearly Christ was saying that it's a life-or-death matter.  Mat 7:21  "Not everyone who says to Me, 'Lord, Lord,' shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of My Father in heaven. Mat 7:22  "Many will say to Me in that day, 'Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in Your name, cast out demons in Your name, and done many wonders in Your name?' Mat 7:23  "And then I will declare to them, 'I never knew you; depart from Me, you who practice lawlessness!'  The problem with your passage charlie, is that it isn't even speaking to real, Spirit filled born again believers. It is speaking to the "CULTURAL CHRISTIANS" so many here compare me to when they refer to the tolerant and accepting christians who believe homosexuality is ok with God. Those same cultural christians who go drinking and womanizing on saturday night, then to confession in church on sunday, and consider this acceptable to God are the precise wolves in sheeps clothing that Jesus is speaking to. Those who say Lord Lord and proclaim their religiosity with no personal relationship with Christ in reality.  When all is said and done, they will try to gain entrance into heaven on their own goodness just like any other Pagan or Heathen and Christ will reject them because they refused His Grace and attempted to earn Heaven which is impossible for any of us to do. It is by Grace that we are saved through FAITH and not by Works so that no man may boast. This is why when asked what is superior, Justice or Mercy, I chose Mercy. Because if I received Justice for my sins, I totally deserve condemnation.
Literary contradictions, and contradictory application and interpretation of Scripture by some Christians. The accurate version should be vital to be discerned by dedicated Christians.  How would you interpret Matt. 7:21-23 in the light of your comment that, for you, it's not overly important? Clearly Christ was saying that it's a life-or-death matter.  I'm saying that, given that my intention is to behave as Christ commands, the impact of not doing that is rather irrelevant to me.  Also, Archangel, I'm not convinced that trying to tar those who disagree with you as drunkards and fornicators is an appropriate means of pursuing the truth. I have committed many sins, among the few I have no need to confess is drunkenness and womanising. It may have escaped your notice that there are evangelicals who disagree with you on homosexuality, not just liberals.
Flippant 'yes' and 'no' do nothing for your debating standard.   It's not whether one understands unconditional love: that issue never arose. It's an individual's private interpretation of the Bible that guarantees their own salvation by asserting things like: once saved, always saved; unconditional love; under grace et al.  Does this apply to Adam and Eve, or Satan and his hordes? Did God love the world unconditionally so much that he saw fit to drown most of it?  Why do you assert that faith is enough for salvation? How is that doing the will of the Father?  All I see here is private interpretation of Scripture; not fitly united in the same mind and in the same line of thought - 1 Cor. 1:10.  The answer to all your questions is yes and no. We are to take the bible literally and not literally. God is a multidemntional being. I have no answer to the rest of your questions because only you can find your path I can't find it for you.
I'm saying that, given that my intention is to behave as Christ commands, the impact of not doing that is rather irrelevant to me.  Also, Archangel, I'm not convinced that trying to tar those who disagree with you as drunkards and fornicators is an appropriate means of pursuing the truth. I have committed many sins, among the few I have no need to confess is drunkenness and womanising. It may have escaped your notice that there are evangelicals who disagree with you on homosexuality, not just liberals.  I'm not trying to tar and feather anyone with those labels. Those were just two examples of the hypocrisy of those who are cultural christians with no real relationship with the Lord.
I think they would argue that Peter repented of his denial when Jesus asked him if he loved him.  I'm unsure on that issue really. Part of me says that at our baptism and confirmation we are told "do not be ashamed to confess the faith of Christ crucified", and we should hold to that, and we have from scripture that "anyone who wishes to save his life will lose it, any who loses his life for my sake will save it". The flip side is that as humans our faith is fragile, and I believe God will have mercy on us when we fall shot of what is expected of us.
OK. Clear as mud. Is that really how you seek to give a reason to unbelievers for the faith within you? What sort of encouragement is that to look for God?  Interesting. emoticon_rolleyes  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Not that I agree with anything you say either but clear as mud pretty much defines everything Matt say's about anything spiritual. Matthew is a true legend though...                                                                   IN HIS OWN MIND ANYWAY.emoticon_xclown emoticon_smile emoticon_xgood          :p :p :p :p
Dose anyone take offence to the fact that Archangle is saying who will get into heaven and who won't? I'm not christian so it dosen't bother me but it seems like you are speaking a bit out of your league angle. If you actually are Saint Peter who has made that judgment many times before, I sincerly apologize, however I pretty sure that you are a human and not at all qualified to make that judgment apon other people. (If you think that one needs to be a saint to enter heaven that's fine, but don't place that apon other christians. That just makes you look like a jerk)  Hi nevernear, welcome to the forum. Your name seems quite apropriate by the way because you're off on a few counts regarding this post. First of all, I'm not saying who will go to heaven but am saying what the bible says about who will go to heaven. God is the judge over all of us in the end though. Secondly, neither does Peter determine in any way who is saved. He isn't really sitting at the Pearly Gates ya know, checking a list to see who enters Heaven. And you said, "If you actually think that one needs to be a Saint to enter heaven that's fine, but don't place that upon other people." It just so happens that you have accidentally hit upon a spiritual reality that according to God, all born again believers who are indwelled by His Holy Spirit are Saints in His sight and only Saints WILL go to heaven, although that is the very first time I have made that distinction on this forum. So thanks for bringing it up. :)
Which christian bible are you gettin the requirements for heaven from archangle? Many of my christian friends belive that they can sin but in the end will be able to ask for forgivness and enter heaven. Is that a bad way to look at that issue?  He has some fundie rewritten version of the bible. The kind of bible that comes equipped with a sligshot or pole so it can be used as a weapon.
Hello everyone, first off I'd like to say I'm an evangelical Christian, so of course I believe in Jesus' existence, just as I believe the Word is the infallible Word of God.  I have heard lately of people who actually argue that Jesus did not exist.  I decided to start this thread to see what everyone thinks.  Do you think Jesus existed? Do you think he existed as described in the bible (Son of God, etc.)? If not, why not?   Here is my view - the Bible tells me that Jesus existed, and is the Son of God, as well as my Lord and Savior, and that is really all I need to know.  Discuss.  I had to post the original question, because I'm not reading a bunch of writing in between the first post to here.  I would think it takes more than knowing that Jesus existed to be saved. The quotes from Matt. 7 are good. Not everyone who calls on the Lord will be saved.  The "reborn heart" in the Bible is the same as the "circumcised heart" or the "heart of stone replaced with the heart of flesh" (my parphrases).  Knowing a name is not the same as having an idea of the quality of that name. Jesus Christ led a 30 year life of total peace and healing. The gospel writers said that there was so much said and done that it could fill volumes. Think of all the completely good works that Jesus Christ did.  That life example is one to contemplate and follow. Remember the statements about getting a heart of flesh or circumcision of the heart.  May the peace of the Lord God Jesus Christ be with you.
Non-christians, you mean...I hope...which means they shouldn't even have the label at all.  Atheists, agnostics, etc., etc. are not called "cultural atheists" or "cultural agnostics", they are who they are.  This forum is full of junk like this. Matthew has the Upper Case Christians and the Lower Case Christians. Somebody else has "so-called" Christians. The Name of Christ shouldn't even be in the mix. JMHO on that.   ARGH!!!!!! :xbanghead  I agree. It is the fundies that are creating the uproar. Anyone who thinks they have the exclusive truth is saddly mistaken. My upper and lower case was an example or distiction between those that are accepting of others, their beliefs, and their lives and those that exclude others, their beliefs, and thier lives. You know the difference.
What is the meaning of Jesus if he truly did exist?  What is the meaning of Jesus if he did not exist?  If Jesus truly did not exist, what about the beauty of the idea of Jesus?
As this thread is still running, does this mean that no evidence whatsoever has been produced by any Christian in answer to the OP? Seems to be the case.  Excluding the Bible referencing itself (2 Tim 3:16), is there one shred of independent evidence to show that the man commonly referred to as Jesus Christ, the Messiah, Son of Man, Son of God, etc., miracle worker, prophet, born of a virgin, fulfiller of prophecy ad infinitum, actually existed and is therefore instantly worthy of our obeisance?  Where, where, where?  On the contrary charlie, historical evidence has been posted but is always rejected by the Atheists out of hand using irrational excuses that have no basis in fact at all. Here's an example of secular historians of the day who testified to His existence, his miracles, His resurrection and the willingness of His followers to die brutal deaths rather than deny Him. People will die for a cause, but not willingly for a lie. Here's one link that has been posted on this thread. http://www.grantjeffrey.com/article/historicalev.htm
It would be intersting to speculate which side of the divide would be most upset if it was proved conclusively the God did or did not exist.emoticon_confused   My personal belief is that he does but not in any way that has been represented.
I think there are some professional atheists like Richard Dawkins who would be pretty upset to find God existed. Anyone who builds their life around certain assumptions is going to have trouble if those assumptions are proved false. A lot of communists were feeling pretty bad after the soviets occupied Hungary, for example. I think there were a fair few Japanese people who didn't cope with the surrender in 1945 terribly well either.
 Believers who no longer have the crutch, from my personal experience, go apeshit and turn into really horrible people. No longer having a scapegoat to blame for their woes (Satan) or having a magical get out of trouble free card (I'm saved by God so my sins/ crimes are unimportant) causes them dismay. Having to have responsiblity for yourself and actions is something many people don't want and can't handle.    Have to say that I cannot think of anyone I know who looks on religion as a crutch. Still less do they blame Satan or whatever or expect to have their 'magic' card.  They do feel responsible for their actions and handle the results.  You must associate with some strange peopleemoticon_rolleyes
To reiterate johnhanks' question somewhat: Do you think the 9/11 suicide killers, who certainly seemed more than willing, died for the truth?  Tell me what is similar about suicide bombers who have no respect for human life and are taught that to die for the cause is the best way to go to paradise, and people who love life and willingly allow themselves to be killed rather than deny Jesus ? There is no comparison and yet you try to make one.
The quoted article may indeed refer to secular historians and their annals with reference to Christ. But the context always seems to be the disruptive influence of the new religion and its effects, NOT that the founder of that religion was in any way divine, only perceived yet unprovenly so by the crowds.   This is a good example of why it's impossible to debate rationally with your side charlie. First you ask for objective evidence from sources other than the bible that Jesus "existed". Then, when it is provided you change the goal posts and conclude that he couldn't be divine because the sect of Christians He founded was a disruptive influence on the status quo of the day. Just as it is today, wouldn't you say ?   Those Christians were as stubborn as I am about not compromising Jesus standards with the World they lived in either. And they didn't fit into the value system of their day any better than todays believers do. The World has changed by becoming more modern, and we christians are modern too. But regarding our beliefs, values and morals, we are as devoted to the principles Jesus gave us as the first century believers were. At least the true believers are. Those who just call themselves christians but live for themselves have no clue what it means to be real in Christ.
This is a good example of why it's impossible to debate rationally with your side charlie. First you ask for objective evidence from sources other than the bible that Jesus "existed". Then, when it is provided you change the goal posts and conclude that he couldn't be divine because the sect of Christians He founded was a disruptive influence on the status quo of the day. Just as it is today, wouldn't you say ?   Those Christians were as stubborn as I am about not compromising Jesus standards with the World they lived in either. And they didn't fit into the value system of their day any better than todays believers do. The World has changed by becoming more modern, and we christians are modern too. But regarding our beliefs, values and morals, we are as devoted to the principles Jesus gave us as the first century believers were. At least the true believers are. Those who just call themselves christians but live for themselves have no clue what it means to be real in Christ.  I'm glad you're finally admitting that American Capitalist Christianity has nothing to do with Christ's teachings and everything to do with perpetuating the status quo of exploitation and hateful discrimination. Christians are a disruptive influence to this status quo, as we have seen at successive meetings of the G8, where Christians have stood up in their thousands to challenge the exploitation of the poor across the world. These are Christians who are taking Christ's radical message forward. He came to bring good news to the poor, to proclaim the release of captives, and to raise up the downtrodden. I'm also pleased that you agree with the early church that God can call anyone, including women, to be leaders in the church.
Peteratwar, could be because this sort of religious movement is not as popular in Europe (where it struggles to get a toe hold) but dominates the Americas, Africa and Asia...more so that the RCC.  Orn's experience in TX. (where this originated) is endemic in how the evangelical movement is going. I'm sure that if he went south, he may see more of it around Houston where Olsteens super-mega-church is located.  Even Pres. Bush is a member of this movement that couches nearly everything in supernatural terms. Orn can dismiss it on 'baby Christians' but, it's far more prevalent than that.  Many blame or attribute everything to the supernatural. There are ample bible passages to support this notion.  Last sentence first: It is extremely probable that anyone can find a passage in the bible to support their own particular beliefs.  Yes, in the UK there has been the occasional program on TV concerning the extreme Christian movements in the US.  Very weird to watch. Quite frightening in a way. Almost seems that the members of the congregation become brain-washed into being zombies!  Glad to say that the presence over here is miniscule.
Archie - this is the meat of my original post (bold added for emphasis):  And then later in my response to your post with the linked article:  Whether Christ actually walked the earth or not may or may not be of extreme academic interest. What is of importance is that assuming he did, was he divine and worthy of our obeisance? Where is the independant and scholarly proof beyond all doubt that he was divine/God incarnate etc? Apart from some religious sites applying inferences to the writings of secular historians, there isn't any.  So you see, Archie, only part of the query was addressed by you, yet you have the temerity to say it's impossible to debate rationally with our side. emoticon_xangel  The point I was trying to make charlie is that there is no better affirmation of the reality of what Christianity and Jesus represent for humanity when "unbelievers attest to its/His reality". And this is precisely what secular Roman Historians of the day did. If you actually read the link from the perspective of an objective historian, you might see that. Here is an excerpt from the link that clearly shows how miracles were attributed to Jesus as referenced as magic, and how christians were willing to die for their beliefs. But both historical accounts by each historian say much about His divinity as more than just a cult figure who was crucified and remained dead.  Suetonius - Roman Historian  Caius Suetonius was the official historian of Rome during the reign of both Emperor Trajan and Adrian. He was also a friend of Pliny the Younger, and was referred to in several of Pliny's letters. Suetonius wrote a book on the Lives of the First Twelve Caesars. In the section on the Emperor Claudius (who ruled from AD 41 to 54) Suetonius referred to the Christians causing disturbances in Rome which led to their being banished from the city. Suetonius wrote about Claudius: "He banished the Jews from Rome, who were continually making disturbances, Chrestus being their leader." He identified the sect of Jewish Christians as being derived from "the instigation of Chrestus" which was his curious spelling of the name Christ (Life of Claudius 25.4, written in A.D. 125). This statement provides powerful evidence that there were a significant number of Christians living in Rome before A.D. 54, only two decades after Jesus. This passage confirms the statement of Luke (in the Book of Acts) about the exiling of the Jews from Rome during the reign of Claudius. The Apostle Paul found, "a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them" (Acts 18:2).  Suetonius also wrote about the persecution of Christians during the reign of Nero. "The Christians were punished; a sort of men of a new and magical superstition." His criticism of the early Church affirms that this was a "new" religion that had recently appeared (in confirmation of the Gospels and the book of Acts). Furthermore, his reference to "magical superstition" confirms that the Christians were known to produce miracles and healing. The new faith of Christianity was based on the resurrection of their Messiah Jesus of Nazareth which would certainly qualify as a "magical superstition" to a pagan Roman historian.  Pliny the Younger  Caius Plinius Secundus, known as Pliny the Younger, was born near Milan, Italy in A.D. 62. The historian Pliny, a close friend of Tacitus, served as a consul during the reign of emperor Trajan and was later appointed governor of the Roman provinces of Pontus and Bithynia [Turkey] in the period A.D. 101 to 110. He wrote to the emperor to request specific instructions about the interrogation of the Christians whom he was persecuting. In his Epistles X 96, he states that these Christian believers would not worship Emperor Trajan and would not curse their leader, Jesus Christ, even under extreme torture. Pliny wrote that the Christians were:  in the habit of meeting on a certain fixed day before it was light, when they sang in alternate verse a hymn to Christ as to a god, and bound themselves to a solemn oath, not to any wicked deeds, but never to commit any fraud, theft, adultery, never to falsify their word, not to deny a trust when they should be called upon to deliver it up.  Pliny described the Christians as people who loved the truth at any cost. It is difficult to believe that these people would willingly die for Jesus Christ if they knew and believed it was a lie. The martyrdom of thousands of these Christians was based on the fact that they knew the truth of the statements in the Gospels about Jesus and were willing to die as martyrs rather than deny their faith in Jesus as the Son of God.
I'm glad you're finally admitting that American Capitalist Christianity has nothing to do with Christ's teachings and everything to do with perpetuating the status quo of exploitation and hateful discrimination. Christians are a disruptive influence to this status quo, as we have seen at successive meetings of the G8, where Christians have stood up in their thousands to challenge the exploitation of the poor across the world. These are Christians who are taking Christ's radical message forward. He came to bring good news to the poor, to proclaim the release of captives, and to raise up the downtrodden. I'm also pleased that you agree with the early church that God can call anyone, including women, to be leaders in the church.  I didn't say that at all Jo. But I'm tired of constantly re-explaining what I mean so I'll just let my original post stand. I mean, how you got your post from this is beyond me.  Those Christians were as stubborn as I am about not compromising Jesus standards with the World they lived in either. And they didn't fit into the value system of their day any better than todays believers do. The World has changed by becoming more modern, and we christians are modern too. But regarding our beliefs, values and morals, we are as devoted to the principles Jesus gave us as the first century believers were. At least the true believers are. Those who just call themselves christians but live for themselves have no clue what it means to be real in Christ.
I think their behavior is beyond despicable. I am not comparing them to anyone. I am simply responding to your statement:  These killers died willingly. Therefore, according to your opinion, what they believed could not be a lie. It must be the truth.  Do you still stand by that statement? If so, is the belief of suicide bombers a lie or not, in that they willingly die for it?  moose, suicide bombers kill out of hatred for life and the people they murder with their bombs. This doesn't compare to people who love life and harm nobody in their lives and willingly give up that life they love for a righteous principle because of the violence of others. These Christians refused to even lift a hand and fight the Government authorities who unfairly persecuted and killed them because they refused to worship pagan Gods. There is no comparison or rationality for comparing murderers with martyrs in this context. Especially since the suicide bombers are promoting the death of innocent victims and the christian martyrs are the innocent victims who are created by those who killed in total ignorance and hatred for what is good and right.
Easy Killer. Before you go round saying something is fact you should make sure it is. The points made in the article are not irrefutable. At best the only real facts supported are that there were Christians in the early ADs Roman Empire, there were a lot of them and they were not always well liked. There is plenty of reading out there discussing each point the author considers evidence. Read some opposing views with an open mind and you will se what I mean.  You obviously beleive in Jesus and probably not much will change that, so what is the big deal if there is no historical evidence of Jesus? Will you lose faith, no probably not, but you would have more doubt than you do now, huh.  If you believe then believe. Don't let those who were able from, past to present, whether of good intention or not, manipulate and twist Christainity into something less than it's intended purpose.  There is a reason it's called faith or belief and not fact.  You're welcome to your opinion, but what you say here holds no more validity than that. A personal opinion.  Ask and you shall receive. At the bottom of this page are several more links. Check em out  http://kspark.kaist.ac.kr/Jesus/Some%20Christian%20arguments%20and%20why%20they%20don't%20work.htm  Your link is bogus.
That was a scary link, Zardoz, and I'm sad to report that those sorts of pastor-centric ministries are still all too common. The separation of many evangelical congregations from the wider body of the church provides a dangerous opening for the likes of the Mr. Copeland mentioned in that piece. Throughout Christian history there have been ministers who have used the authority of the church for their own material benefit, and it has driven many people away from God. That the lady who wrote the linked article managed to maintain her faith is very impressive. I am thankful that in recent years the mainstream church in this country has been largely devoid of these exploitative ministries (with some unfortunate exceptions), one of the benefits of being strapped for cash is that any parish with surplus funds is likely to find a very polite archdeacon paying a visit wondering whether they might consider enlarging their parish share a little, or sponsoring some mission work in Papua New Guinea.
Why do you need a mission to Russia? Isn't Russia mostly Christian already, or does Eastern Orthodox not count if you're a fundie?
I knew Roman Catholicism didn't count but I assumed that was because they believed the Pope to be an anti-Christ for historical reasons (the evangelical alliance in the UK finally stopped calling the Pope anti-Christ about 10 years ago, no doubt Archangel thinks they've fallen prey to false prophets). Then again I suppose the Catholics can't really complain when they describe every other church as defective in one way or another. Sometimes I think it's only Anglicans and Lutherans who actually believe in a literally Catholic church any more.
LOL, I recall a similar experience in a church I visited once.  A couple of the pimps were organizing a (mission) trip to Russia for $3,000 a pop.   Who are these "pimps" you're talking about?
Hello everyone, first off I'd like to say I'm an evangelical Christian, so of course I believe in Jesus' existence, just as I believe the Word is the infallible Word of God.  I have heard lately of people who actually argue that Jesus did not exist.  I decided to start this thread to see what everyone thinks.  Do you think Jesus existed? Do you think he existed as described in the bible (Son of God, etc.)? If not, why not?   Here is my view - the Bible tells me that Jesus existed, and is the Son of God, as well as my Lord and Savior, and that is really all I need to know.  Discuss. WE know more about Jesus Christ than Abraham LIncoln !  Of course he existed.Athiests are stupid if they think this will work,Every wishful fool and his step mother think that all that they have to do is pronounce their opinions to the masses and ipso facto,it's a fact !  Why not doubt the existance of Robert E Lee or Nicolaus Copernicus,we know less of those two than Jesus The Christ yet they are accepted without dabate ?Their,the athiests, motive is highly suspect when any simple comparison is made and their responses to them are examined.  There must be a lot of very stupid or very confused people in this world to even listen to these XXXXXX.Their motives must ones of either anger over some slight they have felt from a particular demomination,usually Catholic, religeous or a misguided pseudo-intellect demanding evidence at every turn.  The convient interllectual dishonesty of some authors has poisoned the intellect of most professors teaching today in American and European centers of higher education.  Darwin's theories are taken as fact and argued over every other with a totally closed mind.The more prestigeous the school the greater the degree of closed minds to the obvious truths of GOD. As he said the humble and poor will understand while the learned and worldly wise will stumble in their pride. 
So Zardoz, peteratwar and GiantOreo, do you, or do you not beleive that Jesus/Yeshua/whatever you want to call him existed, or do you deny his existed?
So Zardoz, peteratwar and GiantOreo, do you, or do you not beleive that Jesus/Yeshua/whatever you want to call him existed, or do you deny his existed?  Yes I believe he existed.  One cannot prove a negative i.e. no-one can prove he did not exist.  Empirical evidence first created around 30 years after his death would indicate that such a person existed
First  surviving  records, which is a rather different thing. It would be wrong to assume that just because the earliest documents we have are late first century that they aren't the product of earlier records. Even a first writing in AD70 isn't out of the question, as it would still be within the lifetimes of some of those who met Jesus.
Firstly a lot of people do think that at least some of the Gospels were the product of earlier records, particularly the so-called Q document believed to have been the basis, along with Mark, for the Gospels of Matthew and Luke. Secondly, if we're going to discuss the epistles, then we need to look again at dating, as Paul's writings are thought to mostly date from the late 50s AD, around 15-20 years after the resurrection. It's easy to hypothesise a scenario where snippits of Jesus' life and teachings did the rounds in letters and by word of mouth, supported by the writings of Paul and others, culminating in some followers, such as Luke, seeking to record the full history of the times as the first apostles began to disappear. This wasn't an age of newspapers and archives of what would to the authorities have seemed relatively minor events, the survival of records that can be dated to so early in the church's history is more surprising than a lack of earlier ones.
I also have little doubt that he existed and that he was indeed crucified for his views. Crucifiction was considered a shameful occurence during those times and certainly, if one were to invent a religious figure, one would not openly choose to have that figure crucified. Most images of the messiah were of a powerful religious figure, not one that gets crucified. The crucifiction of Jesus needed to be explained to have important religious significance. Otherwise, it would have been thought to be a weakness and the Christian religion would probably not have spread nearly as far.
He just as likely existed as Humpty Dumpty. Nobody wrote about him for FORTY YEARS. That's kind of a lot of time.  You are comparing the person who died for your sins to Humpty Dumpty?emoticon_frazzled I hope you have fun explaining that to God when the end times come (and they are very close - well before 2032).  And about people writing not writing about him - Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John all lived with and wrote about Jesus.
"Objects in Rearview Mirror may appear larger than they actually are."  This is not an answer. Please answer clearly with a yes or a no.
I see no independent verification that the person described in the New Testament as "Jesus of Nazareth" actually existed. I do see evidence that  people believed in him after the destruction of the Jewish Temple, which is  different from him actually existing.  It seems you are one of the atheists who never bother to even read the Bible. How sad.
Yes I believe he existed.  One cannot prove a negative i.e. no-one can prove he did not exist.  Empirical evidence first created around 30 years after his death would indicate that such a person existed  Thank you. And thanks for givin a strate answer. I will wait for GiantOreo to give one, and for Zardoz to actually give an answer instead of some saying.
Assuming he did exist, so what? All sorts of attributes and qualities are assigned to charismatic personalities, but Christians have no trouble dumping the prophets and gods of other religions.  Once again, where is the irrebuttable evidence (or even strong circumstantial evidence) that Jesus was divine, God made man, the Messiah? Why and how does the imagination of the early congregations differ from the followers of every other nutter that has graced this planet?  In the Bible.
You might enjoy the factual story of Narnia while you're at it.  Narnia is a fantasy story with anti-christian things like witches in it.   Explain how they found a fossilized Lystrosaurus inside the himalayas.  The flood  That's continental drift for you. This doesn't exist - one of the many lies of the atheist religion of Darwinism.
Narnia is a fantasy story with anti-christian things like witches in it.    You realise the Witch is pretty much the embodiement of evil in Narnia? In general I'm not sure why you'd consider witches to be anti-Christian. Non-Christian, certainly (though only some forms of magic are forbidden in the Bible) but not necessarily anti-Christian.
Some have called it allegory, though I understand C. S. Lewis wasn't fond of the term. His explanation was that it was a fantasy about what might have happened had another world existed and God the Son had suffered and died in that world.
Hey everyone - just so all of you know, T.Q. on another thread just called all of you malcontents.
You might enjoy the factual story of Narnia while you're at it.   But we know, because the author was contemporary, that Narnia was written as fantasy with the intention of being allegorical fiction. We don't know that with the Bible. There are parts that probably intending to be allegorical stories, but I also believe there are parts that are accounts of what happened.  Besides, just because the literal interpretation doesn't work doesn't mean it's not true under non-literal interpretation. God may not have used a literal 6 days, but it doesn't mean there wasn't a process of creation.
The Jews were the Chosen people. Ironic considering the shit they've gone through, you'd think an omnipotent god would pick a less hated group.  What you fail to understand Unriggable, is that the Jews are hated precisely because they are the people of God. You see, the darkness hates the light and salvation came to the World by way of the Jew, so the World hates the Jews. That fact alone should prove to you the truth inerhant within the Judeo-Christian ethic. The bible is clear that our War is not between flesh and blood but between the powers and principalities of the Air. In other words, the spiritual forces of good and evil.
And why would that be? If the first record of him is more like 40 years after someones death, after a major catastrophe (the destruction of the Temple), why would we assume that any detail of anything that is written is correct?  Why shouldn't we? 30-40 years is well within people's lifespan experiences. It's well within the range of time for it to be from firsthand accounts. In fact, it's well within the timespan that, if it were made up, people would remember and say "no, I was in Jerusalem at that time, and I never saw this man there." To put into perspective how short a timeframe 30-40 years is in terms of time after an event or historical figure, it's been 39 years since ML King, Jr. was shot. It's been 38 years since the first moon landing. A lot of people still remember those things. Those events and timespan are easily within people's firsthand account memory.
Also, the first known record of Jesus is more like 25 years after his death, but don't let the facts get in the way of a good story.
Ah, so the bible can be interpreted to justify a particular Christian position?   No, it shouldn't be interpreted to "justify" anything. The reason I interpret Genesis to not be about a literal 6 days isn't to 'justify' something. It's because it makes the most sense. Believe it or not, not all Christians are fundies and and out to justify something. emoticon_rolleyes   This is what we find repeatedly. If Christian groups/denominations - all claiming God and Christ - can be so at variance in their interpretation of Scripture, why should ANYONE take any notice of it? Just what is the correct interpretation, i.e. THE TRUTH?  You don't have ot take any notice of any of it. No one is making you believe anything about the Bible or Christianity. I'm not sure what your problem is.  Why can't Christians get their act together and be fitly united in the same mind and same line of thought?  See, this is what I don't get. First, Christianity is criticized by people like you for fundie literal interpretations such as a 6-day creation story and ignoring science. But the minute some of us use are more reasoned approach and assumes it's not to be taken literally but that life evolved and that the universe is actually billions of years old, we then get criticized by people like you for being divided on it. It seems you're determined to find fault no matter what any group of Christians says.
Christians do agree on quite a lot of things, in some ways the disagreements over some issues gives more weight to the agreement on others - there is consensus because we genuinely and independently agree, not because we are seeking to conform to a particular viewpoint. So, when the vast majority of the world's Christians agree that there is one God, in three persons, Father, Son and Holy Spirit that's a pretty good sign that that is what intent of the Bible is.
If his existence is so important, and knowledge about him comes from Scripture, how can an outsider trust what Scripture says when Christians themselves can't agree?  Most of us aren't trying to put down Christianity per se, or to mock or belittle. What I'm trying to fathom is why Christians believe what they do, and then try to understand why they rationalise their beliefs and arrive at disparate views. Surely you can see that to an outsider, Christianity is incoherent as a belief system?  No, I really can't. Christians are in agreement over the essentials of the faith. For instance, you'd probably be pretty darn hard-pressed to find a Christian who was against the doctrine of the trinity, or that Christ resurrected from the dead. I think the problem is that you take the non-essentials and judge Christianity based on the fact there is not always agreement on them. It's like someone saying that physicists are 'incoherent' because they don't agree on things that aren't fundamental and definitive to physics, even though they DO agree on the fundamental laws of physics and have consensus over them. Your expectations of Christianity would apparently have all Christians as doctrinal robots in lockstep with one another on every little thing, with no diversity, and NEVER disagreeing. How boring; I'm GLAD Christianity isn't the way you require it to be for 'coherence.'
Christians are decidedly NOT in agreement over what you may call essentials.  Sure they are. The essentials such as the trinitarian view of God is are all matters that are very clear in scripture. If a group goes against God as Father, Son, and HS (the trinity) then they are clearly going against scripture. It's not like we're talking about scriptural matters that are vague. It is clear the resurrection is in scripture. It is clear that God is demonstrated as Father, Son, and HS in scripture. That's the 1000-lb-elephant problem with your view on the essentials (which are basically laid out in the creeds): they are clear and obvious in scripture. If we were talking about doctrinal issues that were not really in scripture or that was a stretch, or even vague, you might have something here, but we aren't. We're talking about things like God as Father, the importance of the church, and that Jesus resurrected. Those are there and are very basic. If a group is going against fundamental things that are so obvious in scripture, then they aren't a Christian group after all. The only claim they have to say so is that they self-profess to be, but if they are rejecting very clear and obvious things about God in the scriptures, then I don't see how you can call them "Christian" with a straight face.  And by the way, they aren't just "my" essentials, but those of Christendom from the get-go. You only need to read the earliest church fathers to see that. These essentials were put into the Nicene creed in the early 300s, but the apostle's creed existed way earlier.  So how do you know YOUR god is the correct version? The Scriptures are clearly giving out different gods dependant on interpretation.   Different gods? How so? I don't understand what you mean. Are you saying that the Judeo-Christian understanding of God is polytheistic??? That Jesus contradicted himself?
Hey Jo, I agree with you on most everything you've said so far, but I have to ask for a source on this one, because I've never seen a 25 year record (an authentic one), I've only been able to find it around 40 years.  Assuming we date the Christ's crucifixion at AD33, it is roughly 20-24 years to the period when Paul is writing his first letters, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Epistle_to_the_Corinthians has 1 corinthians dated between 53 and 57AD, when Paul was in Ephesus. Another article dates Thessalonians to AD52 but there is no reference for that.
Huh. Funny, I wasn't that hard-pressed.  Yeah, you were. Those were heretical movements. There's simply no way to say that Jesus wasn't God without going against scripture (even Jesus' own words, which are quite clear), so those groups aren't Christian, if they reject something so fundamental as even the very deity of Christ.
Yeah, you were. Those were heretical movements. There's simply no way to say that Jesus wasn't God without going against scripture (even Jesus' own words, which are quite clear), so those groups aren't Christian, if they reject something so fundamental as even the very deity of Christ.  Of course they, particularly the JWs, claim that the scriptures support their version of events.  Personally the definition of Christianity I am happy with is that laid out in the creeds agreed by the church.
Of course they, particularly the JWs, claim that the scriptures support their version of events.  Well, it's my understanding they have their own mistranslated version of the Bible, which departs considerably from standard scholarly translation.  Personally the definition of Christianity I am happy with is that laid out in the creeds agreed by the church.  Same here.
Ah, so now we apply the No true Scotsman fallacy. I figured as much when I decided to post those examples. Not suprised, really.  Except, in this case it fits and is therefore not fallacious. There really are some key essentials in the Bible, clearly written about that one has to have to reasonably be considered Christian. Sorry, but there just are. There's no way to reasonably deny that.
I use several versions of the Bible, my church doesn't have a particular one it favours. Generally the Good News or New International versions are the ones I have ready access to, though I tend to avoid the KJV because the translation is poor in places.  When I say the church, I am referring to the early church councils, that agreed the Nicene creed, and the Apostles' creed which dates from the same period.
It is more complex than that, SP, the Bible was compiled by men, but based on what the church at large considered to be a true and accurate reflection of God's will. To dress it up as a small group in smoke fillled rooms deciding what Christianity was going to mean is disingenuous, the divergent groups like the gnostics and aryans were tiny minorities.
And which inerrant standard scholarly translation would that be? The one that supports your viewpoint? Clearly you haven't studied the NWT, so any opinion you have on it is just hearsay.  True, I haven't studied it, nor do I claim to. But I do know that JWs depart greatly from some pretty basic and standard things in Christianity and in the Bible. So either the text is different, or they are ignoring thet ext (if it's not).
The church at large. The council of Nicaea; a fraction of the bishops who had been invited (and no British bishops). Where these bishops acting under God's inspiration? Probably you'll assume so. Why then did they vote as to which scriptures and gospels were to be included, and which excluded? Why would inspiration from God demand a VOTE?  Maybe you just have a poor understanding of inspiration. emoticon_xangel
Or maybe the question is too difficult for you to answer, since you just turned the question with a slight toward charlie horse. When I see someone resot to slights and insults toward the other, rather than answering, it usually tends to mean they don't have a reasonable (or any) answer.  Then you must rarely EVER be able to reasonably answer! emoticon_xangel   (or maybe you don't want to face the answer because it will challenge your faith).  Well, one thing I find fascinating is that you or Charlie Horse would seems to think that this isn't ground that I and probably most thoughtful Christians haven't thought over many times. We've faced it more times to ourselves than you probably have any idea. Doesn't mean we have to come to the same conclusions as Charlie Horse. It's the height of arrogance to assume that just because someone has concluded that traditional take on things turns out to be correct amounts to them not having been challenged or questioning one's faith.  And this whole business of criticizing Nicea for taking a vote is just ridiculous. How the heck else would you expect them to do it? It's not like voting is an evil, anti-Christian thing. Heck, if you read Acts, you find the disciples themselves elected at times (the election of Stephen as deacon). This whole thing just amounts to trying to find silly things to berate Christianity over. Good grief. emoticon_rolleyes If the most we can do is berate Nicea for taking a vote, then Nicea must not have been too awful bad after all.
The Bible is the product of the humans who wrote and compiled it, through it we can glimpse God. It's not perfect, but it's the best that could be achieved in the circumstances. Even those who compiled the New Testament knew its contents weren't perfect, the books towards the end were the ones they were less certain of. There were others that didn't quite make it, there were still others that were way off. There isn't a black and white "this is inspired, this isn't", there's a continuum of what reveals God to us. There is some value in the Apocrypha, the book of wisdom has some worthwhile bits to my mind.
But inspiration by God doesn't demand a VOTE.   Shrug. Depends on how he chooses to inspire.   What camp were those in who voted against certain gospels being included? Why did the creed change? Why would people be inspired to record God's change of mind?The Bible as it is today was fashioned on a human VOTE. That set the orthodoxy and doctrines, until someone else came along and tweaked it all. Gospels were in, out, and in again. Scriptures dismissed, scriptures added.  This is because heresies came along to threaten what had already been there. The reasons the creeds changed was to protect Christianity against heresies.   As far as the other gospels are concerned, why should they include spurious gospels? Do you not realize that they were considered spurious THEN, and that's the reason they weren't included? Your reasoning would have the Bible be open to anything, even today I suppose. Why should we include spurious books into the Bible?  Why couldn't God make his mind up once and for all, and give the human race an incontravertible doctrine?   He did. People just didn't stick to it. And your making muchado about this voting thing.
Yep. But in the case of Gnostic/Aryan  I think you mean "Arian" rather than Aryan. Don't mean to be nitpicky, but those are two very unrelated ideological ideas.  I think it's not so important in terms of which came first in terms of arianism, gnosticism, and standard orthodox Christianity. In fact, I'd say that what we think of as orthodox Christianity became organised as a response to those heresies, so in a sense gnosticism and arianism (as somewhat organized systems) probably did come first, in a sense. That doesn't mean, of course, that the basic vein of orthodoxy (trinitarianism, Christ as deity, etc.) was not already the standard of belief (though unorganized into creeds) from the get-go.   Heresy in and of itself is not a belief system, but rather just means departure from orthodoxy. To arianism, orthodoxy would have been a heresy ...
One of the more interesting things I've encountered is the Celtic faith recreationists.  Are you talking about Celtic Paganism or Celtic Christianity here?
There are two kinds of people that can follow the teachings of the Christ. One follows: Because he walked on water; Walked out of his grave; Holds the keys to hell itself. The other follows the man because of the value he placed in his teachings. Yet he does not believe Jesus walked on water or out of his grave. Which man is the more righteous?
There are two kinds of people that can follow the teachings of the Christ. One follows: Because he walked on water; Walked out of his grave; Holds the keys to hell itself. The other follows the man because of the value he placed in his teachings. Yet he does not believe Jesus walked on water or out of his grave. Which man is the more righteous? Think of it this way: Jesus came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
So the choice for man is: a heaven filled with fearful people that behave because of an overwhelming fear of hell, or a hell filled with people having the basic failure of accepting a Christ. Knowing Hitler was baptized and the last serial killer was deacon of his local church may sway many very good people the other way. Its an odd thing, but atheists seem to be the nicest people I have ever met.
No, not true at all. G-d desires for us to willingly love Him suprememly and for our lives to be guided by Him just as any earthly father would guide his own children. Hell is a place of utter torment that people, who reject G-d, choose to end up in. Consequences of our decisions have eternal signifigance.
No, not true at all. G-d desires for us to willingly love Him suprememly and for our lives to be guided by Him just as any earthly father would guide his own children. Hell is a place of utter torment that people, who reject G-d, choose to end up in. Consequences of our decisions have eternal signifigance.  OK, I'm opening myself up to the religion forum because I've been thinking about this stuff a lot recently, and Bassman, your post sums up in many ways what my thoughts have been about.   You say atheists 'reject' God and 'choose to end up in hell'. I find this idea completely illogical.  There has never been a choice, in my mind.   To give you some background, my parents are irreligious*, and my grandparents are devout CofE Christians. I went to Sunday School. I mentioned this in one of EDO's threads. I had my own 'revelation' at a very early age, and the concept of 'organised religion' has been, to put it bluntly, laughable to me ever since. I have (and still do) occasionally leaned towards versions of Deism but nothing else.  This has never been a conscious choice. This has been a process of deduction and rationalisation since as far back as I can remember. I tell you honestly, as much as it is a cliche, I could no more believe in the Christian God (or any other specific God) than I could in Santa Claus or Russell's Teapot.  So I have two questions for you, to start this off:  1)How does your belief system respond to what I've said (I'm sure you've heard it before)  2)Do you remember making a conscious choice to have faith?  *Best adjective I can come up with: They're definitely not religious, but I wouldn't say they're atheists either. I've had a couple of talks with them about it and they just don't seem to really think about it, it doesn't impinge on their world as something that requires thought. They are children of the 60s so maybe that has something to do with it, but regardless, they both had a 'religious upbringing' and they both see religion as something unnecessary and foreign. Not foreign in a bad way, just something that isn't part of their life.
I was raised Christian myself and even wanted to be a minister in my later teen years. When asked if I where Christian, I would announce with a great deal of pride that I am a born again Baptist Christian.  Having a religion is a great deal like a marriage times ten. When you're in it, you are blinded by the beliefs and even if you read or see evidence against your respective faith, it has no effect on you. In a bad marriage, you have to walk in on your wife cheating to finally wake up. And basically; I was woken up in such a way. I made the mistake of listening to a religious debate where a Jewish man stated; "I can not believe in a God that would send bears in to kill children for making fun of a Profit!" That one statement crushed my world. The odd thing about it? I read the whole bible with blind faith and never even considered to question the acts in it.  This was a very painful period in my life. It caused me to question everything I knew. I re-read the bible slowly with an open mind and used logic and questioning to determine if what I had based my life on had any real merit. Now I don't recommend this to anyone. Loosing your faith is a horrible ordeal that will cause fear and pain with many sleepless nights. I would equate it to coming off heroine (Not any real clue what heroine that is like).
Absolutely reprehensible comment. How in the same breath can you say that God desires us to willingly love him, and if we don't, he will consign us to hell for an eternity of torture? And it would have been our choice! What madness. Love me or be tortured! Is that a free and willing expression of love? Is that really how you imagine a father guides his children? Barking mad.      Do you ever wonder why your God gets rejected when his qualities are as you describe? the problem here Chuck, is that humans reject G-d's holiness. IOW, G-d is so holy and righteousness he cannot, nor will not allow sin into His presence. This would go against His very nature. This is also why His Son came to earth to be the complete sacrifice for our sins.
You didn't exactly - or at all - address the question. God is basically saying love me or be tortured for eternity. How can your meaning be any other?It is because of man's sin of prideful unbelief that he suffers the second death  And if Christ was a complete sacrifice for our sins, shouldn't he be suffering for an eternity as that would be the only logical propitiatory sacrifice, seeing that Adam has been condemned for eternity?You overlook Christ's resurrection.  So if some people die and go to hell, that means they've been judged. What, therefore, is the purpose of the general resurrection? Condemned souls coming out of hell? Or pulled out of heaven? What is the state, and where as those who will be resurrected?'There will be two judgements. The bema seat, where believers will receive their rewards for their service since they were saved, and the Great White Throne Judgement where the lost will hear their sentences pronounced.
the problem here Chuck, is that humans reject G-d's holiness. IOW, G-d is so holy and righteousness he cannot, nor will not allow sin into His presence. This would go against His very nature. This is also why His Son came to earth to be the complete sacrifice for our sins.  Bassman meet Chadagg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-04UWC-8byc I think he has an intresting perspective. He may be cute and wrong but he has a point none the less
It is puzzling why many posters insult millions of people, calling them gullible, mentally retarded etc for believing in God.  Millions of people are neither gullible nor stupid, yet they are devout believers in Christianity, Islam, Judaism or whatever  Their beliefs are sincerely and honestly held.  They are usually sensible enough to believe that the Bible is not literally correct. They do take its teaching seriously, they do believe in God and the hereafter.  Yet in your arrogance they are all dismissed as simple-minded
Of course it is arrogant and insulting to call people gullible because of their beliefs merely because you believe something different.
Yet, for some reason, you have no problem when children are dispelled of their beliefs in such things as Santa Clause and the Tooth fairy?  Santa Claus was based on a true story from long ago.  Do you really mean the Tooth fairy doesn't exist ? Can you prove it ?emoticon_ic
Just as it is arrogant to refer to beliefs as "truth". Btw I don't see my disbelief as just another "belief".  Of course it is even if it is a negative belief
Yet, St. Nicholas is long dead and only the bizarre customs of parents keep the legend going... Sound familiar?  As for the tooth fairy... Can you prove that monkey's haven't ever jumped out of me backside?  There have been public viewings of both... Much more evidence than that tooth fairy has gotten.  In an ironic issue, my youngest has just lost 6 baby teeth in the past week. No tooth fairy has ever visited him...cause I'm a cheap bum...but, I do have a collection of all of his lost teeth. MuAhahahahah...  And why are they bizarre ? Unless of course keeping the kernel of truth on aspects of morality is bizarre.  Well, if you go to the zoo I guess you can see monkeys with some very colourful backsides ?  I am not really worried if there any connections between you:)
How did the Angel of Death get away with it?  How did Abraham get away with it?  How did Moses get away with it?  How did the devil get away with it?  I am not saying God shouldn't be picky or that he isn't. Biblically, he's incredibly picky. Specially when considering Buddha wouldn't hurt a fly when Moses was stoning women. I am saying your statement is contradicted many times in the Bible and history.
Personally; I think teaching children about an old man that sneaks into peoples homes and has kids sit on his lap so they can tell him what presents they want might be a little over the top.  As far as addressing a person's faith. There is no way to do that. Bare in mind, man has even been sacrificing their own children to Gods. Solomon (who oddly was given wisdom by God) turned the Jews from the God of Moses and they worshiped Bal for 400 years. They would even kill their first born by burning them alive. Religion is this unbeatable.
Have you forgotten to take your meds today ? Because your chemical imbalance is evident.  Is this necessary? Is it within the rules? Should I report you to the moderators?  Feel free samiinh. After all, chemist asked me the same question just yesterday pertaining to the same subject. And the same question about being angry at an allegedly non existent God applies to you too.
The fact that I find a belief in an imaginary god, not unlike a belief in the tooth fairy or santa claus, is "reasonless and hate filled"? How do you get there? I'm not filled with hate. I am astonished that so many normal, intelligent people can fall hook line and sinker for what I see as a well orchestrated hoax. Christianity is no different than any other cult I suppose. If one looks at its history, however, and its pagan rituals, one might wonder why or how he could believe such tripe as TRUTH. Really, angels, and virgin births, resurrections, and life after death....is really a difficult thing to swallow.   The lessons of kindness, and concern for others, that the alleged Jesus taught are lessons to live by for sure. But we don't see a lot of the most vocal christians living this way, now do we. How many of the current batch of republican candidates for president, the ones who wear their religion on their sleeves, has talked about the poor in this world? Not one of them. Not filled with hate?!?! emoticon_ic Excuse me for not taking that statement seriously.
The proof is in the pudding.. I suggest that you read my post again and let me know if you disagree with any of my opinions. If not, then you have to come to the conclusion that God does not exsist... God's only exsistance in the minds of believers just as was the case with believers of different Gods throughout human history.    I would have to say that where your logic breaks down is in assigning responsibility for the actions of man with God. There's no reason to believe that a God is responsible for or condones the actions of men, therefore you can't say that men's actions have any bearing on the existence or nonexistence of any diety.
The proof is in the pudding.. I suggest that you read my post again and let me know if you disagree with any of my opinions. If not, then you have to come to the conclusion that God does not exsist... God's only exsistance in the minds of believers just as was the case with believers of different Gods throughout human history.   I do not understand what you are referring to when you said, "just admit you are a faith based preacher, as bad as any fundamentalist"?   By the way it should be ovious that I am an atheist.  There is no proof or pudding in your first post in this thread. And everything you've said is just that, YOUR OPINION. So understand me when I say that i have much more faith in the Lord Jesus Christ than I have in you whom I don't even know. At least He is real to me and has personally affected my life in very real ways.
Maybe you want to go back and read my post again. I did not say he condoned the actions of man. What I did say was,  If he/she/it does exist would he/she/it condone the incalculable amount of slaughter that has and still is being perpetrated in the NAME OF RELIGION? The point is that if loving God did exist he would not condone the actions of man and would have, at some point in our history, step in a put an end to all of the killing "In his name". IE: Sunnis killing Shiites, Shiites killing Sunnis, Bosnian Serbs killing Muslims, Muslims killing Serbs, Protestants killing Catholics (Northern Ireland), Catholics killing Protestants, Jews killing Muslims, Muslims killing Jews, emoticon_xkill etc, etc, etc. How can anyone say that God exists when so millions of his "children" have been killed over the centuries defending the faith? If you believe in a God, then you have to think that man is part of a huge board game that he is playing and gets enjoyment out the playing of it. Personally, if I were God, I would be pretty tired of man by now and want to go on to something else. Think of it. How many of the "faithful" does he need to sing praise to him day in and day out? I think he would go out of his mind! :xbanghead  Perhaps you didn't mean to say condone per se, but your logic is still flawed, and for the reasons I stated. You have this assumption that God, if he exists, ought to step in and do something, particularly about things done "in his name". Why are you making that assumption? What's your basis for it? You seem to think that an omnipotent, omniscient being should think and act like a human, which is a pretty outrageous assumption. Throw in "acts in mysterious ways" and it becomes impossible to predict how God "ought" to act. If you must ascribe human motives to God, here are a few possibilities to explain the behavior which you find inexplicable. He really believes in free will. He only really cares about the immortal soul, not the transient body. The only way that humanity as a whole will ever understand the divine will is to fight against those who misrepresent it. All of which is to say, who can say? Maybe God is treating us like a toddler and letting us skin our knees so that we can learn to walk more carefully; when you're talking about an omniscient being you really can't take your limited view of the universe and say that, because this being doesn't fit that view, they don't exist. Why God, if he exists, doesn't "do" something about suffering is an interesting and valid question, but it isn't proof that there is no God.
Perhaps you didn't mean to say condone per se, but your logic is still flawed, and for the reasons I stated. You have this assumption that God, if he exists, ought to step in and do something, particularly about things done "in his name". Why are you making that assumption? What's your basis for it? You seem to think that an omnipotent, omniscient being should think and act like a human, which is a pretty outrageous assumption. Throw in "acts in mysterious ways" and it becomes impossible to predict how God "ought" to act. If you must ascribe human motives to God, here are a few possibilities to explain the behavior which you find inexplicable. He really believes in free will. He only really cares about the immortal soul, not the transient body. The only way that humanity as a whole will ever understand the divine will is to fight against those who misrepresent it. All of which is to say, who can say? Maybe God is treating us like a toddler and letting us skin our knees so that we can learn to walk more carefully; when you're talking about an omniscient being you really can't take your limited view of the universe and say that, because this being doesn't fit that view, they don't exist. Why God, if he exists, doesn't "do" something about suffering is an interesting and valid question, but it isn't proof that there is no God.  Kudos Kronus, excellent post. And very insightful.
Would you comment on the idea that only Christians will go to heaven?  If you want to ask a specific person a question you should probably include their name in your post somewhere. :)
Kudos Kronus, excellent post. And very insightful.  Thanks. Of course, the same reasoning works the other way as well. Just as we can't say how God "ought" to behave, being ineffable and all, we also can't say what he really wants. God's desires would be unknowable to us. So for anyone to claim that they know God's will is pretty ludicrous, and for anyone to assert that they follow the only "true" religion is to claim knowledge of the unknowable. The only thing we can say for certain is that if God exists and he wanted us to act a certain way we would know it without question, God being omnipotent and all. Since this general broadcast of certain knowledge hasn't happened we must assume that God, if he exists, doesn't have anything specific he wants us to do; there's no set of rituals or behaviors he insists we follow. We're on our own, and have to figure out our way through life as best we can. But if you believe that God is just, you can at least rest assured that you won't be punished for not guessing which, if any, religion to follow.
But it does make an interesting dichotomy of God's perceived attributes. On the one hand there is the belief that God is true, loving and just, and worthy of our worship. On the other, we see an inconsistent master of evil, a jealous and truculent entity, who condones evil.  He's not allowing mankind to graze his knee, he's condoning horror and evil. He's condoning it, because he knows its wrong, and has the authority and power to stop it now. That makes God a willing participant in evil.  Granted this doesn't disprove God, but it's enough to make a lot of people deny his existence rather than worship such a perceived contrary creature.  Allowing Man to excercise his free will by allowing him to do evil is in no way condoning it. Our legal system knows that it has released convicted killers from Prison and that they are walking among us. They know these criminals might recommit yet they can't arrest them until they do kill someone else. Aren't they responsible for the innocents death for letting the killer out of Prison in the first place ? And doesn't that make them evil too ? Of course it doesn't, because the Police aren't responsible for the sins of any man who is a free agent and responsible for his own action. And the same goes for God who gave us all FREE WILL.
But it does make an interesting dichotomy of God's perceived attributes. On the one hand there is the belief that God is true, loving and just, and worthy of our worship. On the other, we see an inconsistent master of evil, a jealous and truculent entity, who condones evil.  He's not allowing mankind to graze his knee, he's condoning horror and evil. He's condoning it, because he knows its wrong, and has the authority and power to stop it now. That makes God a willing participant in evil.  Granted this doesn't disprove God, but it's enough to make a lot of people deny his existence rather than worship such a perceived contrary creature.  I see your point. One thought that occurs to me is that God might care about people as a species, but not so much as individuals. A skinned knee might be horror to the skin cells in the knee, but not mean much of anything to the kid in question in the long run aside from a lesson to be more careful. Likewise the atrocities we visit upon ourselves might be necessary if we are to ever grow up as a culture.  Another thought. Let's say God did stop the killing in his name. Tomorrow, around the world, all guns disappear. What would that do to us, as a people? What if everyone suddenly knew that God was watching? And not just watching, but prepared to act if he doesn't like what he saw? That would crush us. How could anyone do even the simplest thing knowing that he was being watched and judged all the time? Imagine trying to do your job if your boss was standing right behind you all day. Now multiply that by a gagillion.  Final thought. Maybe he has done something? Who can say that the horrors we have vistited upon ourselves don't pale to what would have happened if God hadn't stepped in and stopped something from happening, totally without our knowledge.
You make valid points, Kronus, but if I may highlight the above even one step further: the problems have stopped, man has free will, God is watching. Sounds like the Heaven that some espouse and others would shun.  Different people would have different ideas about how great such a world would be. To me it sounds like the ulitmate nanny state. No growth, no change, no development. Just constant worry and paranoia as you check, re-check, and re-re-check all your actions to make sure you're not going to irk the guy up stairs. If you think that doing no harm is the greatest good then such a world may sound like heaven. But I think man's greatness is shown by what he does, not what he doesn't do. Such a world would stifle that which makes man worthwhile. At least, that's how I see it.
The difference being that young children have no reason beyond being told that Father Christmas exists for believing. Most Christians have had some experience in their lives beyond what they have been told that causes them to believe. I know it's hard for those who don't want God in their lives to contemplate that intrusion in their existence, the overwhelming personal proof of the existence of the divine, but that's no excuse for trivialising the experience of those who have welcomed that intrusion.
The difference being that young children have no reason beyond being told that Father Christmas exists for believing. Most Christians have had some experience in their lives beyond what they have been told that causes them to believe. I know it's hard for those who don't want God in their lives to contemplate that intrusion in their existence, the overwhelming personal proof of the existence of the divine, but that's no excuse for trivialising the experience of those who have welcomed that intrusion.  Very well said.
No disrespect intended in that I agree with you in that "he" is real to you, just as Santa is to children whose parents told them there is a REAL Santa. Just as you were told when you were very young. Santa also affects the lives of children in a very positive way just like you imaginary god does.  "He" is real to all of us fjp, whether we acknowledge Him or not, God is alive and well on Planet Earth. And the day comes for each man when he faces that reality. For some of us it's a long awaited day of joy and for others a long dreaded day. But believe me when I tell you that just because one denies that God exists, it does nothing to lessen His reality.
The difference being that young children have no reason beyond being told that Father Christmas exists for believing. Most Christians have had some experience in their lives beyond what they have been told that causes them to believe. I know it's hard for those who don't want God in their lives to contemplate that intrusion in their existence, the overwhelming personal proof of the existence of the divine, but that's no excuse for trivialising the experience of those who have welcomed that intrusion.  Actually, the number of Christians I know who claim any sort of "experience" is in the very low double digits, and that's including ones I "know" from this forum. Most Christians, in my experience, are Christian because their parents are. In other words, they were raised Christian and just sort of stuck with it. So in that respect it's very, very much like Santa, except that people give up believing in Santa when they grow up. You're supposed to outgrow Santa, but you're not "supposed" to outgrow your religion, so people don't. I acknowldege that some people claim some sort of revelation, but to say that most Christians have had such an experience? I'm not ready to believe that without some sort of supporting evidence.
 It is beyond comprehension that he is interested only in immortal souls and not the pain and suffering of "his" children. Sometimes the explanation put forth is we are paying for the sin committed by Adam & Eve. Oh please give me more to go on.  I can't give you more to go on. I can't explain how a God works. That's pretty much my point. God, if he exists, would be as comprehensible to us as we are to an amoeba. The fact that we don't "get" what he does isn't proof that he isn't real. If you wanted to say that his apparent disdain was a reason to cowtow to him then I wouldn't argue. It's strictly your assertion that because he doesn't act in a way that makes sense to humans he must not exist that I have issues with.
And just why is he "real to you"? I bet that you were born into your faith, as I was. I would also bet that your parents, or someone close to you, introduced you to your religion. God did not pay you a personal visit, so you took what others gave you as fact. Therefore, your religious routes are strong and deep. Again, as were mine.  Well you would lose that bet big time fjp, because I not only wasn't born christian but I am a first generation American of Shia Islamic descent. My Father was born in Syria and my Mothers Parents were born in Lebanon. My dad was very conservative according to American Customs and Culture too. Luckily for me we didn't have a Mosque in our State because we were the only Arabs here when i was a kid. But rather than repeat what everyone else here has already heard, go back and read my posts. The miracle thread has quite a bit of my testimony in it which will help you understand how I came to know Christ personally and become what He referred to as Born Again.   But the difference between you and me is that I eventually questioned my beliefs. I took a hard look at the existence of god and why I felt he existed. Keep in mind that, at the time, it was very serious business for me. If I made the wrong choice, according to the church, I was going to hell. I put aside faith (Blind faith) and used my intellect to make the right decision.  Forget the church. It can't save you or condemn you. You abandoned your search for absolute truth and have settled for what you can see and touch. You deceive yourself by claiming that because you can't intellectualize God then He must not exist.  I came up a few thoughts as follows: 1. Why would a supernatural being make man then put him through hell on earth in order to get a place at his table?   God created us in love, that's why He made us. As for hell on Earth ? We created that ourselves. Along with the fact that the god of this World seeks to destroy us and get us to take our focus off of our only Savior, the Living God. You are condemning yourself to being all alone on Earth in this life by rejecting the only light that exists within it.   2. What possible joy could he get from having millions of souls praising him day in and day out?   That is simple. BECAUSE HE IS WORTHY TO BE PRAISED AS THE MAKER OF ALL THAT WAS, IS, AND WILL BE.  3. Since he knows the outcome of everyone's life, what is the point in having man try to make it to heaven? He already knows what you will or will not do.   The bible says that before I was born, God knew the number of hairs on my head. And before I was born He knew the length of my days on Earth. So obviously before I was even born, God knew of every victory, defeat, joy and sorrow I would experience in my life. Are you suggesting that because He is omniscient and omnipresent and knew of my life in advance then He should have denied me life ?   Isn't the great joy of an expectant parent for their unborn child who rests in the womb to nurture it and see it grow and experience its full potential ? Why would you expect any less of our God who created us in His image and as reflections of him with His characteristics ?  4 Has religion been a good thing for man or has it been the cause of so much carnage that we even see today? Etc, etc.  Religion is the scourge of humanity. You'll get no argument from me on that fact. But now look at the life, teachings and example that Jesus gave and left for us and tell me that if the whole World lived according to His teachings and precepts that this wouldn't be a better World ? When atheists and unbelievers condemn Christianity for the Crusades, the Inquisition and the Dark Ages, and boast of the millions who have been killed in Christ's name; they fail to remember the Garden of Gesthemane the night before He was Crucified and that when the Temple Guards came to arrest Him how when Peter drew his sword and in attacking the guards to protect his Lord, he cut one of their ears off.  Did Jesus encourage His attack, or did he tell him that whoever lives by violence will also die by it and to put up his sword. Then He proceeded to heal the ear of the man who was to lead Him first to His fixed and illegal trial, the scourging that would leave Him near death and finally the Crucifixion that He knew He must suffer in order to redeem the Humanity who's sins He came to die for.   So why do so many look at the corrupt, brutal and hateful acts committed by so many men in Jesus Christs name through out History and blame Christianity as if Jesus Himself called for the crimes against humanity that have been committed in His name ? Does that seem fair or rational to you as a man of justice ?  No matter how hard I try I just logically cannot see an existence of a god....  This too I can relate to as I couldn't logically see Him either once. But I groped out into the spiritual darkness of the World seeking absolute and eternal truth. And just as the bible promises, if we grope out into the darkness, He (God) will find us. So you don't have to find God, just seek Him and He will find you.
I don't generally discuss my own experience of God because, as I've said in the past, it won't mean that much to others, but I'll do my best. When I was young I went through the motions of Christianity, I went to church, sang in the choir, and was confirmed. I wasn't an atheist, but I would have been hard pressed to say I believed. When I was about 15 I was having a terrible time at school, being short, fat, bespectacled and intelligent is not a good combination in an English school. In near desparation I prayed, and perhaps this is the crucial part, I prayed for those who were bullying me. God responded by giving me renewed strength, and giving support to my friends. Over the following years my faith has grown and I have begun to be aware of God during worship and prayer.  Now, throughout my schooling I'd been a high flier, top of my class at primary school, close to top at secondary, 4 high grade A-Levels. I'd got an offer from Cambridge, requiring me to sit the STEP. I failed, dismally. So I went to my second choice, Lancaster, did well in my first year yet when I got to my second year I finished the year with a 3rd. Now, I'd never had any idea what I wanted to do when I graduated, but it was around this time I saw a notice in the maths department inviting second year undergraduates to participate in the Student Associate scheme - being paid to spend time in local secondary schools in the hope that some of us would choose to be teachers. I went along with the intention of restoring the health of my overdraft, but found I was getting on well with the kids and was able to explain maths to them. It happens that Lancaster, as well as the university, contains a prestigious teacher training college, and they offered me a place on condition I got a 2:2, which I duly received.  My experience was not tongues of fire or a voice coming down out of heaven, but it was real nonetheless. Yes you can mock it or dismiss it as coincidence, but I know what happened to me. When I look back over the last few years I see God's hand in it everywhere, even through disappointments and doubt God has led me to new opportunities and new hope.
One thing I left out is that I always said I'd never be a teacher, I certainly never wanted to be a teacher. God has a strange way of calling us to do what we don't think we want to do. The Methodist chaplain at my university trained as an architect, thinking God wanted to him to design community buildings and schools. It turned out God had a different plan in mind.  By the way, there is no law of averages, that's a fiction generated by the statistically illiterate. If you want to argue from probability, use Bayes theorem.
Good luck with your teaching. It can be a joyful experience. I taught for a number of years myself, but my children wanted to eat year round and on my salary, that wasn't working too well, so I left to go into the business world where we did somewhat better.  Fortunately the rewards of teaching here also include the financial - my starting salary will be around the 20k mark.
[QUOTE=fjp8000;279480]Well you would lose that bet big time fjp, because I not only wasn't born christian but I am a first generation American of Shia Islamic descent. My Father was born in Syria and my Mothers Parents were born in Lebanon. My dad was very conservative according to American Customs and Culture too. Luckily for me we didn't have a Mosque in our State because we were the only Arabs here when i was a kid. But rather than repeat what everyone else here has already heard, go back and read my posts. The miracle thread has quite a bit of my testimony in it which will help you understand how I came to know Christ personally and become what He referred to as Born Again.   Forget the church. It can't save you or condemn you. You abandoned your search for absolute truth and have settled for what you can see and touch. You deceive yourself by claiming that because you can't intellectualize God then He must not exist.  God created us in love, that's why He made us. As for hell on Earth ? We created that ourselves. Along with the fact that the god of this World seeks to destroy us and get us to take our focus off of our only Savior, the Living God. You are condemning yourself to being all alone on Earth in this life by rejecting the only light that exists within it.    -------------------------------------------------------------------------- [Originally Posted by fjp8000] I would lose the bet?? I think not. I did say that you were born a Christian... Did I? You misconstrued what I was trying to convey in my posting. By faith, I was referring to a belief in a god.  Your parents were of a particular faith and they exposed you to a belief in god... You were born a Muslim and your father, in particular, was very conservative... Which I assume you mean religious? Therefore, your father set the wheels in motion for you to have a belief in a god. You stated that I abandoned my search for the absolute truth?? How do you think I became an Atheist? I will tell you. I, indeed, did find the absolute truth! God does not exist. Now on to the OUCH OF YOURS! IE: "God created us in love, that's why He made us. As for hell on Earth. We created that ourselves. Along with the fact that the god of this World seeks to destroy us and get us to take our focus off of our only Savior, the Living God. You are condemning yourself to being all alone on Earth in this life by rejecting the only light that exists within it."  Sure he did... He supposedly created Adam & Eve, they "sinned", then he decided that all men had to pay the price for what they did. Yep, he is a gem.  I agree that we (man) has created hell on earth (Especially when you take in account all the strife cause by religion). But what is in it for god? He knows how it will all turn out doesn't he? So what is the point of it all? He knows that I am going to hell (in religious minds anyway) so why did he have me born into this world. Did he figure that I should get a double whammy? Or is it just a game to keep him entertained? Now on to another OUCH OF YOURS: "You are condemning yourself to being all alone on Earth in this life by rejecting the only light that exists within it."  Really? I have a beautiful wife of 27 years, five wonderful children, ten of the best grandchildren that a grandparent could ever hope for and friends who do not judge nor condemn me for my views on religion. Plus, I retired at the age of 49, live in a large house on the water and do not need anything else this life has to offer. Of course if I believed in a god, I would say, "Thanks to god". Why say I had something to do with it....emoticon_cry  I will read your posts as you suggested within the next day or two.  Nice back pedaling.    And just why is he "real to you"? I bet that you were born into your faith, as I was. I would also bet that your parents, or someone close to you, introduced you to your religion. God did not pay you a personal visit, so you took what others gave you as fact. Therefore, your religious routes are strong and deep. Again, as were mine.   Everything you say here implies I inherited the religion of my parents just as you were raised a catholic so you thought I was raised in christianity too and just continued on in that cultural belief. You lose credibility by trying to now change what you actually said to mean something else. I was born a moslem and at 22 years old I met Jesus Christ in a supernatural way, as all born again experiences are; and I have been His child ever since. Nothing cultural or inherited at all about my experience which completely refutes the point you attempted to make.
[QUOTE=fjp8000;279486]One thing I left out is that I always said I'd never be a teacher, I certainly never wanted to be a teacher. God has a strange way of calling us to do what we don't think we want to do. The Methodist chaplain at my university trained as an architect, thinking God wanted to him to design community buildings and schools. It turned out God had a different plan in mind.  --------------------------------------------------------  So god made you become a teacher?? What ever happen to FREE WILL? Do you realize what you are saying? One can then argue that god made a person homeless and living with aids rather than becoming the heart surgeon he wanted to be.emoticon_mad  God didn't make me, he presented me with opportunities to see that it was a way I could serve others and him, and make use of the skills he had given me. I could have chosen to do something else, but I trust that God has some idea what he's about.
What Archie doesn't say of course is the thing that does unite us... We are both apostate and I am as likely to go back to Christianity as he is to Islam. Indeed he is perhaps more likely to return to islam as he has regular contact with people who are religious.  The implication that I would return to the religion of my birth which I firmly accept as evil and founded by satan himself makes your statement patently ridiculous. So as I fully accept that you are an apostate, I would never deny what Christ has done for me and would gladly die before rejecting Him. And by the way Ripskar, returning to christianity isn't the road to salvation. Only a personal relationship with Christ which means receiving His Holy Spirit within you is the defining act of being born again. And lest one be born again, he cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. Just so you know the route to salvation and not just end up in the dead end of a church.
That would be nice and neat, AA, if there ever had been a Jesus Christ. But since this person never existed, I'm afraid it is all nice flower talk and superstition and delusions and nothing more. Sorry for you.  emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer emoticon_xbouncer
_________________________________________________________________  Archangel, I am curious. Seriously. No trick questions here. When did the "born again" Christian movement start? I am asking you because I am assuming that you did some research into the movement before you embraced it as your religion. Also, why do you have "your unworthy servant" under your I.D.? What is meant by these words?  samiinh said it correctly in post 64 regarding when the born again movement I belong to started, and I have unworthy servant under my handle because I am unworthy of the free gift of salvation which I received because jesus, who was without any sin died so that I, a sinner could live a life that apart from Him I could never have lived as I do. And I live to humbly serve Him because He is worthy of all praise and glory.   Now don't get me wrong, I was raised in a wealthy family with all of the best that this World offers. I went to good schools and was well liked, good looking and have never suffered any types of deprivations that many suffer from. Whether it be poverty, illness or disease. But compared to what I have in Christ, I realize that before knowing Him I was a child of the King of Kings who was a leper living in the slums of human depravity with no hope within myself of ever climbing out of it on my own.  I know this is beyond your understanding and you see a grown man admitting such need in an invisible being as needy to the point of delusional. But that's only because you don't know what it truly means to be born again in the Spirit of the living God. To have Him dwell within you. That reality is beyond you to appreciate, comprehend or to understand on a personal level. So, as the bible clearly points out, we are literally from different Worlds. You, from this one, the Natural World. And born again believers from the Spiritual World of Gods Supernatural kingdom. That is why the things of the Spirit we describe for you are beyond your ability to comprehend. It isn't believers who are delusional, it's the natural man who is blind and incapable of seeing a whole World that exists around them.
Originally Posted By Archangel:It isn't believers who are delusional, it's the natural man who is blind and incapable of seeing a whole World that exists around them. This is backwards. It is the believers who are delusional. Just read AA's posts and you'll see how badly damaged they are.  Thanks for making my point that you are totally blind to the spiritual world I live in. You never cease to prove that my statements of fact are just that, facts.
  This is backwards. It is the believers who are delusional.   When an estimated 90% of Americans believe in God and you don't, maybe it's more likely the nominal skeptics who are in the dark. LOL!
Samiinh, say hi to Easyrider. Arch, the Cavalry has arrived!!!
When an estimated 67% of the world* doesn't believe in your "God" (even more if you include the many who don't believe in your particular version of the Christian "God" but in a different one), maybe it's more likely that it's you that's in the dark. LOL!    Nope. They've just been eating too many Oreos. emoticon_wow
Samiinh, say hi to Easyrider. Arch, the Cavalry has arrived!!!  Good cuz I'm sick and tired of dealing with these atheists.
EZ and I have been bashing Liberals for some time in this forum, so you're not alone ;) :)
Ah, the ignorance of the Christian right, that they equate liberal and atheist.
Good God! EZ! They've let you out.  May I presume that the meds are working?  They're working better for me than for you! emoticon_xbouncer
_________________________________________________________________ Ok, the "born again" Christian movement started in the 1800's. Right? So according to the "born again" christian belief, everyone who died prior to the 1800's are now cooking in hell because they were not born again??????   On what basis was the movement start? Did god give the "born again a sign or a direct order that he changed his mind and one has to be born a "second time"? (Catholics are "born again" one time... It is called baptism. But according to my "born again" friends this will not do. emoticon_emb ) Or, did someone interpret the bible and decide that you have to be "born again" to go to heaven? From my understanding, only god makes the decision who goes or does not go into heaven. So, the way I look at it is the "born again" people are being very presumptuous in saying that one has to be "born again" to get into heaven. Unfortunately, throughout history, man has interpreted the bible in ways that suited his needs...not on god's personal command... And, just maybe, as a consequence, left the "true" church? How did you decide that you belong to the "true church"? As you know I was born a Catholic. Which was the only "true church", started by jc himself, until Martin Luther left for very good reasons. However, since it was the true church why didn't he start a parallel Catholic church? Using the same bible, rituals, etc? Instead, he interpreted the bible according to what "he" felt was right.. As have all the other Christian churches that followed... Without god's approval. Unless you know otherwise?   To address you statement that I cannot comprehend what it is like to have god dwell within me. NONSENCE! I was a Catholic and experienced the **same feelings as you did. I had my endorphins spill over every time I went to church, went to confession or received communion. I would have died for the church as you would do now. So I do comprehend! But, I tell you it is a bunch of self induced garbage. It is all in your head. Period! So don't be so pious in your judgments of others. God will punish you for it. emoticon_xangel   **I now get the same feeling every time I look at my wife, children, grandchildren, others that I love and nature! Try it some time! Maybe, you will no longer have to rely on some gobbledygook to get a spiritual feeling.   To all readers: Try watching CNN at 9 PM eastern time tonight. Christiane Amanpour Reports "Christian Worriors".  PS: That "I was a leper living in the slums of human depravity with no hope within myself of ever climbing out of it on my own" thing is just a bit much... don't you think?  I guess your comprehension skills leave something to be desired. Or was believing the 1800s number just more convenient for the point you wanted to make. How nice it must be in life to be able to determine what truth is most convenient for you and let that be the determining factor as to what you will believe is true. But anyway, as I originally said, the born again movement started with, and was created by Jesus Christ. And unlike your assumptions that it was started in the 1800s, here's the evidence that say's otherwise.  Jhn 3:3 Jesus answered and said to him, "Most assuredly, I say to you, unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."  Jhn 3:7 Do not marvel that I said to you, 'You must be born again.'  1Pe 1:23 having been born again, not of corruptible seed but incorruptible, through the word of God which lives and abides forever
The question is: Does God exist? If he/she/it does exist would he/she/it condone the incalculable amount of slaughter that has and still is being perpetrated in the NAME OF RELIGION?  Is it a conscionable god that slaughters millions Jews, gypsies and countless other unwanted undesirables (including INNOCENT babies and children of these unwanted undesirables)...or the unwanted Chinese, Vietnamese, Turks, etc. Etc. Etc. Let's not forget the millions of Catholics, Protestants and Muslim, in fact; has any race been spared from ending up in the HATE cycle of killing the unwanted that "God" does not want? Is God a cold hearted mass murderer just in the morning, or in evening? What are God's guidelines for killing off the sinners? Why does God need to revert to killing at all? Or does the messenger of God carry out all the murders? Who benefits from all the killing, God or the messengers? Could there have been a better God strategy? How about the all powerful and all seeing God simply visiting each and every sinner in town and command that they stop sinning... Let me tell you that if God talked to me just once I would never "sin" again. Why did only a few men in the last ten thousand years talk directly to god? Why can't everyone talk to God?  It is time to be honest. Question what you have been duped into believing. Who knows, you may find that you can find a God like tranquility and peace within yourself without having to believe that God is running the show.   Its very sad to me that we have to brake the bondage of religion. I thought we did that? I was wrong. We under siege, from something horrible. One thing this horror is not, it's not from God.  Jesus could not follow fundamentalism, he couldn't do it. Yet the monsters head rises again and so we must address the lies and twists this creature wants to chain us with. If we as nation are forced to obey this Dragon called fundamentalism; our children will be drinking blood and casting out demons from foreign lands all their lives.  Nothing is more terrible or sinful than a Dogmatic man thinking he is doing the will of a God. Families have sacrificed (and are) their Children and drank the cool aid of the false Prophets.   We have no choice anymore. We can not allow 2000 year old texts to be a literal book of guidance for a country our fathers fought to keep free. Don't give up your fight, use logic and literary knowledge to tear down their straw houses. Use their book. Read it once and see what it says. The concepts in it actually destroy it. It's failures in logic are easily shown as even laughable. Only then can man kind God. Secularism allows for such liberty. Church and Church states never will.
I guess your comprehension skills leave something to be desired. Or was believing the 1800s number just more convenient for the point you wanted to make. How nice it must be in life to be able to determine what truth is most convenient for you and let that be the determining factor as to what you will believe is true. But anyway, as I originally said, the born again movement started with, and was created by Jesus Christ. And unlike your assumptions that it was started in the 1800s, here's the evidence that say's otherwise.  Jhn 3:3 Jesus answered and said to him, "Most assuredly, I say to you, unless one is born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."  Jhn 3:7 Do not marvel that I said to you, 'You must be born again.'  1Pe 1:23 having been born again, not of corruptible seed but incorruptible, through the word of God which lives and abides forever   If you are born again, and the seed in incorruptible then your incorruptible; clearly. It's nice to know a man that can not be corrupted.   My only issue would be that Jesus and Peter must have been speaking of a different rebirth. The first man in paradise didn't know Jesus name and clearly could not have read a single line of any new testament verse, he died beside a man who's name he did not know and those letters where written 80 years later.
I would never say that a religion is evil   Really?? emoticon_wow Then what have you been spewing all along? Nifty little catchphrases like "religion poisons" etc., etc, ad nauseum
Really?? emoticon_wow Then what have you been spewing all along? Nifty little catchphrases like "religion poisons" etc., etc, ad nauseum  That is usually the defence of those that do not understand what it is to be a 'Christian' and those that like to throw up in the face of Christians events like the Spanish Inquisition and the Crusades (as supposed evidence that religion is inherently 'evil').   Humans are inherently evil... not the Christian religion.
Jesus never spoke against Rome. He spoke against the Church.  Rome had gay rights, abortion, concepts of statehood, freedom of Religion   The church didn't  Rome fell 400 years after Christ and the church was attacked soon after his death.  Jesus aided Rome, he helped a Roman General and spoke of giving taxes to Rome.  Rome did not want to kill Jesus, they wanted to save him.  Seems any Church will want the death of Jesus. If Jesus where alive today, there is no doubt in my mind the Christians would be begging for his death.
 Humans are inherently evil...   Nice bit of gnostic heresy you have there...
It's true Jo... "All have sin and fall short of the glory of God" because we all have within up a sin nature. We all share in the corrupted seed from Adam. But Jesus came and sacraficed Himself for our sins that if we believe upon Him that we shall not parish, but have eternal life.
Wrong. He spoke against hypocracy, the lack of spiritualness and love embodied in SOME church leaders (ie. the Pharasies)...but not against the institution of Judaism at all. Men tied up to the laws and looking at loopholes and technocalities without understanding the basis those laws were formed upon.  Matthew 23:3 "So you must obey them and do everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not practice what they preach."  It's only the pimp and the ignorant who pushes this 'anti-religion' message.  I wonder if anyone can define what the word 'religion' even means.      Not necessisarily so. Nor does a belief in anyone aspect get you into heaven.   But all he did was copy past a Wikipedia entry. No real definate answer...  Furthermore, as I stated in my post, the TERM Born Again as used in contemporary Christianity has several different meanings and popularity of use...but, is stated in the bible nonetheless.  No no, not the ignorant, the book says that God shall confound the wise. The curse is wisdom after all. My curse is that I try to understand things and that keeps me from your club.  God shall confound the wise so...Only fools may enter.
Nice bit of gnostic heresy you have there...  If that's gnostic heresy, then such people as Augustine would have to be called gnostic heretics. (Clearly they weren't). The idea of sinful nature (or humans being 'inherently evil') is not gnostic/heresy. It's a pretty basic part of orthodox Christian belief. The gnostic view was that material was evil. As in, matter--everything 'solid'. (which gave rise to the heresy that Jesus couldn't have been in the flesh as a human being.) It's not the same as saying humans are evil because saying humans are evil can simply mean their actions or nature is evil.
If that's gnostic heresy, then such people as Augustine would have to be called gnostic heretics. (Clearly they weren't). The idea of sinful nature (or humans being 'inherently evil') is not gnostic/heresy. It's a pretty basic part of orthodox Christian belief. The gnostic view was that material was evil. As in, matter--everything 'solid'. (which gave rise to the heresy that Jesus couldn't have been in the flesh as a human being.) It's not the same as saying humans are evil because saying humans are evil can simply mean their actions or nature is evil.  God made evil after all. God even takes full credit for the Dumb, blindness etc.  Exodus 4:11 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?
If that's gnostic heresy, then such people as Augustine would have to be called gnostic heretics. (Clearly they weren't). The idea of sinful nature (or humans being 'inherently evil') is not gnostic/heresy. It's a pretty basic part of orthodox Christian belief. The gnostic view was that material was evil. As in, matter--everything 'solid'. (which gave rise to the heresy that Jesus couldn't have been in the flesh as a human being.) It's not the same as saying humans are evil because saying humans are evil can simply mean their actions or nature is evil.  My understanding of orthodox Christian belief is that humans are inherently good, created as we are in God's own image, but fallible because we have been given free will. The gnostics believed that mankind was inherently evil, as I understand it.
?  My club???    Ignorant...as in 'ignorant of what the bible actually says and means'.  You're asking me what God meant? Should you do that?
What a crock of ####.  If you don't have anything relevant to add to this thread, do you mind keeping your ad hominem attacks to yourself? Thank you.
If people have problems with me, let keep some facts straight.  I am not the diviner of my own being, I am a product of nature and therefore a product of God.  If you have issue with me, I would suggest you take it up with the builder. If your Chevy back fires do you blow up the Chevy or do you complain to the builder.
I wouldn't give you 10 cents for any religion. Hate, vengeance, homophobia and ignorance are the hallmarks of all religions.  BTW, that statement is a crock of ####. A little ad hominem tit for tat if you will. emoticon_smile
BTW, that statement is a crock of ####. A little ad hominem tit for tat if you will. emoticon_smile  ad hominem means you're attacking the person. e.g. you're an idiot for making that statement. Saying the statement is #### is not ad hominem
The point is that there is no evidence or reality in what you write. I'm sorry you are having difficulty understanding the language. The other point is your condescending elitist attitude won't score points with anyone!
So you think Zeus and all the other Greek gods exist?  Possible, if you read the bible. God told Moses he could overcome the Egyptian Gods. Never did God say any other God where False.  For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the LORD.
The god of Moses was a pretty nasty guy.  Exodus 4:11 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the LORD?  Yea, taking credit for blindness and the disabled and yet preventing the same from approach is pretty tough (meaning you couldn't be disabled and enter the tabernacle).  But this is what the burning bush said..Right from the mouth of God.
WOW, the depth of the ignorance you spew truly boggles the mind brmly. emoticon_frazzled You are so lacking in any insight, it isn't even worth attempting to correct you. emoticon_wow  Correct me?  Paul corrected Peter, Peter after the death of Christ was teaching in error (in my opinion).   When do errors begin and end? And how would you know?  Faith is empty; it has no good works or deeds, other than the effect faith has on the individual. Never did. Its clear, good works offers no reward and we know that.  Faith fails man all the time. People have faith they will see another winter. The faith is great, its so certain to them, they even plan trips. But failure happens.  You should know, that good works for a reward has no meaning. Why do good works? In other words, If I seek to save my life by doing good works and its ineffective to God, what is effective? What is the motivation?  Giving to get ten fold in return is a flaw (clearly so) because the works are empty. Why say you get ten fold when looking for that effect is an error?  IF I am master to the word, than I am empty because my works are a slave to the word. Even Jesus was clear regarding this. Rebirth means what?   You could test my knowledge of the bible and how insightful I am. But what happens if my knowledge is greater and you could lose. Would that mean my authority should be greater than yours? That I should be correcting you?  Could it actually be true, that there are people out there with less knowledge even no knowledge of the bible and yet have greater love? Spirit? Even insight into the mind of God? And if so, how?  Any good works for Religion is a failure, it an oxymoron if the works are found unworthy. Why do them?  If you can't answer the why; then where is the error?
I have a problem with the inaccuracies you mention on a debate forum. Thus, I take it up...on A debate forum. And your logic and analogy are incorrect. If one has a problem with a Chevy, they DO NOT take it up with the builder unless all else fails, they take it up with the dealer. In this case, you're a dealer and it's you who are posting here...not God.   You can say that ultimatly you're a product of God...but, since I don't believe in a God and you have no proof of your comments beyond 'I believe'...it's really nonsensical of you to attempt to dodge criticism based on your comments. So, you have no 'facts'.  Zardoz, I don't know if Jesus walked on water or out of his grave. How could I? I wasn't there.  What is the worth of a man that follows Jesus because he walked on water? Or out of his grave? I don't know what Jesus did. How could I? I was not present. I also know, no one else knows. So what is the worth of anyone that sells something they did not witness? What I do know is what I read and I don't follow Jesus because he floated in a cloud. That is for weaker men.   I can't prove to you Jesus was a man God. And I will not try.   What I can do and will do is measure what Jesus said and find merit in it or not. If what he said has worth, no proof is needed. The words stand on their own.  I find worth in Jesus. I could care less about miracles. Not even worthy of debate because I have no evidence in anyway. I find Jesus has great value because of what he taught.The things I can see and judge have been found to have worth to me. That I will share and in the statements the evidence is examinable. I can prove a statement true or false or find worth in it in many cases.  You can examine a statement like: "Honor your mother and father"; determine the merits and failures in it. If you do honor your mother and father your chances of a next birthday are increased. Clearly there are merits to the statement.  As far as Religion, Personally I can't think of anything that would draw man away from truth more. That is clearly a fact.
What we do know is that when any religion gains total control over a region, massive negatives occur. Dark Ages, Wars of Conversion etc.  Now, all faiths will lead to this logically. If your selling the truth and you feel an obligation to man. You're obligated to use all the means you have to convert. It's for them anyway. This is a very powerful force when you believe a God blesses or condemns a nation. If God judges nations, then you're obligated to overcome the negatives of your nation by any means, even if it does not start out that way. The problem is that the task never ends, if you convert a village, you know the state is flawed. Only converting the world will repair the issue and even then, you'll be forced to start over and begin an individual conversion. This means you need to convert a village.  This path led to Witch trials and so on. The process is never enough as specially when your faith tells you man is flawed.
How can I prove that every religion on the earth is no closer to God than a stone? Very easy; One little sentence.  NOT IN MY NAME  When some religion kills everyone in town and no God says; Hay! NOT IN MY NAME. You know, you know, what they are selling is a lie.  And every Religion has done it. From Witches to Infidels. They have killed mountains of Men, Women and Children in their Gods name. And through out time a God has never in action, or deed, or word said; "NOT IN MY NAME.!"  A real one would. No God would let such horrors happen in his name.  WOW, in one fell swoop you completely destroyed my faith in God. In 109 words you awakened me from 32 YEARS of religious delusions. NOT!!! And you attempted to make your infantile point by completely distorting the reality of what true Christianity is. But why is that not a surprise. Now you go right ahead and demonize our history to attempt to prove how evil christianity has been. But I have already defended this dung before so see no need to be redundant for you.
And anger leads to hate. We can all quote Star Wars if we want to.  Thing is that it applies to atheists too. It's the classic thing, people raised in a harsh, ostensibly religious, environment are scared of the image of God portrayed to them by nuns, or pastors or imams. Because fear cannot sustain faith, once they leave that environment they fall away. Then they become angry with God for, as they claim, not existing. This leads them to hatred of those who do believe, who they see as the same ones responsible for their harsh upbringing.  Come on, let's all play cod psychology emoticon_rolleyes
... Thing is that it applies to atheists too. It's the classic thing, people raised in a harsh, ostensibly religious, environment are scared of the image of God portrayed to them by nuns, or pastors or imams. Because fear cannot sustain faith, once they leave that environment they fall away. Then they become angry with God for, as they claim, not existing. This leads them to hatred of those who do believe, who they see as the same ones responsible for their harsh upbringing... Don't be confused and necessarily equate those who have lost their faith as atheists. Many believe in God, but have lost what may be termed an active faith because of perceived inactivity or contradiction in God, or events in their religious upbringing. An atheist cannot be angry at God for not existing - the terms are mutually exclusive.  And as for hatred of believers, that is an undeniably harsh statement. It may be true in some cases - just as it applies to some in all religions - but I don't think you meant to tar all with the same brush.
This is where some will deny the OT as an anachronism and only refer to the New Commandment and New Covenant.  Of course, by that reasoning - unless selective - Genesis and creation also are anachronisms.
I am not speaking against leadership. That is needed anytime you have a pack or a tribe. I am clearly speaking against a church based state.  A Church based state requires you to obey.  A secular state coupled with Democracy requires your input and obligation.  Wrong again rich. A secular State accepts and even encourages input in the workings of it but in no way requires participation. That's why less than 1/3rd of eligible Americans are registered to vote.
Wrong again rich. A secular State accepts and even encourages input in the workings of it but in no way requires participation. That's why less than 1/3rd of eligible Americans are registered to vote.  That's why he said a secular state coupled with democracy. The US has some democratic features but I wouldn't describe it as democratic per se.
No matter what religion we are, we are human, we stray, we sin, WE ARE NOT PERFECT. But many religions preach forgiveness for sins. God forgives.
Religion always crushes love. Its the beast the eats the souls of men.   I like that statement. It is so true.  Next time you're down and out, then, try finding a BITTER ATHEIST'S HOMELESS SHELTER. LOL
Do you run one?  Run what? A BITTER HOMELESS ATHEIST'S SHELTER? No, but I served in a Christian one for many years, where a lot of us spent a great deal of time and money (including our own) helping the poor and homeless. Which makes the assertion that "Religion always crushes love" nothing less than a big fat lie.  What have you done?
I am not a Christian.  Is that your excuse not to help people?    How many people did you have to convert before you'd feed them?  Zero.
I like that statement. It is so true.  Of course you like it, because it's the very sort of ridiculous generalized statement you yourself like to make. It stirs up your anti-religious bigotry that you refuse to even admit is there.
Well, I've read this thread and despite the so-called warning in the title: "Don't read this if you want to keep your faith," I haven't seen anything worthwhile or credible that would actually cause me even to question my faith, much less lose it.  Where's the beef?
Its even simpler than that, put it on..... pretend!  with regard to your former way of life, to put off your old self, which is being corrupted by its deceitful desires; to be made new in the attitude of your minds; and to put on the new self, created to be like God in true righteousness and holiness  "But now you must rid yourselves of all such things as these: anger, rage, malice, slander, and filthy language from your lips. Do not lie to each other, since you have taken off your old self with its practices and have put on the new self, which is being renewed in knowledge in the image of its Creator."  "clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience. Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgave you. And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them  all together in perfect unity"  "put on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no plans to satisfy the fleshly desires."  "For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ"  "put on the new man, the one created according to God's likeness in righteousness and purity of the truth"  However we should not "put on Christ" as a means to be a mask to to bad things.  "You know we never used flattery, nor did we put on a mask to cover up greed--God is our witness. "  The whole world is a stage and all the people merely players.... How we act is what we become, therefore act as a Christian....  "everyone who hears these words of Mine and doesn't act on them will be like a foolish man who built his house on the sand. "  "Did we not act in the same spirit and follow the same course? "   "act according to his good purpose"  "Speak and act as those who are going to be judged by the law that gives freedom"  " by his power he may fulfill every good purpose of yours and every act prompted by your faith."  if we act as gangstars, we will become Gangsters, if we act like drug dealers, we will become drug dealers, if we act as athiests, we will become athiests, if we act as Christians we will become Christians, act like Christ and you will become like Christ. When we are inclined to do what is wrong, pretend you are like Christ able to step away from the temptaion and as you walk away from the temptation you find you have ACTED like Christ. When we experience the grace of Christ in our lives, we believe he is the way, the truth and the life.....  "As for God, His way is blameless; The word of the LORD is tried; He is a shield to all who take refuge in Him."....  and our heart is opened to the possibility of a supreeme being and then we begin to precieve the presence of the lord in many things that reaffirm our minds in our belief of his existance.... "Seek and ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened up to you."
"What illogical tripe.  The above is factually not true. It's also the garbage that the Word of Faith movement hangs on to get people to conform to their message."  I dont know who or what the Word of Faith movement is, its not illogical at all, try it.
I think that's the first thing you've said (in this forum) that I agree with. Not only that, but belief in God is illogical.  That doesn't mean that God doesn't exist. God can be irrational, illogical and nonsensical and still exist.
But that doesn't mean a god does exist.  Of course, it just means you can't use those arguments against the existence of certain Gods, such as certain Pagan or Deist Gods. They immune to those attacks.  However, a irrational, illogical, nonsensical God would go against several religion's belief in a God.
Which religions would those be?  Deist. Like I already stated.
However, a irrational, illogical, nonsensical God would go against several religion's belief in a God.  This is what you wrote, and I asked what those "several" religions might be. You answer didn't answer my question.  Oh, my apologies, I thought those were obvious: Abrahamic Religions. Shinto doesn't have this problem as the 'Gods' are your ancestors and no one in their right mind is going to say that every ancestor was logical, rational and sensical all of the time.
I strongly disagree. God is never irrational, illogical or nonsensical.  On the contrary, Gods that are omnipotent are irrational, illogical and nonsensical. Well, technically anything that is omnipotent has those problems.
Prove it....emoticon_rolleyes :p  Do you understand what omnipotence means?   God could create a paradox, in which it should be able to resolve, which again means it can't create a paradox. That alone is irrational, illogical and nonsensical.
Any of this sinking in?  No.  I had to include ten characters in this post
If God can do anything, than he can contradict any 'illogical' hogwash against Him.
If God can do anything, than he can contradict any 'illogical' hogwash against Him.  Which makes him illogical. And you just highlighted another contradiction of a all powerful, limitless god: Gender. If God had a gender, it would have as limit, therefore it could not be omnipotent. Yet it is, therefore is illogical.   A omnipotent being must be able to produce a paradox. It then must be able to solve a paradox.   How is that NOT illogical?
If God can do anything, then He can exist despite proofs otherwise.  (or, if you'd prefer:)  If God can do anything, then He can exist despite His inexistence.  Oops. Such is the dilemma with omnipotence.  SHUT UP HERETIC. GOD CAN DO ANYTHING.   Don't make him smite you. You'll burn in HELL for your blasphemy!  emoticon_xgood emoticon_xhoho
Why?  Believing in God is a waste of time.  it doesn't take much time to believe in God. we waste more time arguing here
You have hit on something. But Christ said give all your money away and follow him, but not many believers obey this commandment. Most Christians are very interested in making more and more money. Capitalism and christianity are incompatible.   well, in order to give you have to have first. how can you help the poor if we are all poor?
Ok, the absolutly positively true story.  God DID exist. But, Satan being the wiley deciever he is got Him with that very clever paradox ploy.  "God, if you are truely all powerful, can you make yourself not exist?" Satan asked. 'But of course.' He replied And with that...*poof* He was gone.  That explains why He doesn't do anything. No miracles, no prayers answer, nothing...He's gone.  And, for those fools who doubt this, I refer you to the book of Job. Witness how God jumps to the tune of Satan when God withdraws his protection from His loyal and faithful servant...merely to prove a point to Satan...without cause!  God said He could, He did not say He would. That is why there is good still.
A GRIEVING father has won a nearly $US11 million ($11.8 million) verdict against a fundamentalist church that pickets military funerals in the belief that the war in Iraq is a punishment for the US's tolerance of homosexuality.  Albert Snyder sued the Westboro Baptist Church, based in Topeka, Kansas, for unspecified damages after members demonstrated at the March, 2006, funeral of his son, Marine Lance Corporal Matthew Snyder, who was killed in Iraq. Among the signs church members displayed at the funeral was one that read: "Thank God for Dead Soldiers".  A federal jury in Baltimore on Wednesday first awarded $US2.9 million in compensatory damages. It later awarded $US6 million in punitive damages for invasion of privacy and $US2 million for causing emotional distress.  Earlier, church members demonstrated outside the courthouse. Pastor Fred Phelps held a sign reading "God is your enemy", while his daughter and co-defendant, Shirley Phelps-Roper, stood on an American flag and carried a sign that read: "God hates ### enablers". Members of the group sang God Hates America to the tune of God Bless America.  One of the defendants said the civil award was the first against the church, whose members have stirred outrage by picketing at funerals for service members killed in Iraq and Afghanistan, often carrying placards bearing virulent anti-gay slogans.  The church maintains that God is punishing the US, killing and maiming troops, because the country tolerates homosexuality.  Mr Phelps scoffed at the jury and the award. "It was a bunch of silly heads passing judgment on God," he said. The church would appeal, and he predicted that a higher court would overturn the award "in five minutes".  In the lawsuit, Lance Corporal Snyder's family said it had suffered invasion of privacy and infliction of emotional distress.  "The fact of the matter is, a funeral's private," one of their lawyers, Sean Summers, said.  The church reportedly has fewer than 100 members, and it is unclear whether the award will be collected. After the jury awarded the smaller compensatory damages, the District Judge, Richard Bennett, said that the size of that award "far exceeds the net worth of the defendants".  In his closing arguments during the punitive damages phase, the plaintiffs' lawyer, Craig Trebilcock, described church members as bullies who "seek out those among us who are at the weakest point in our lives".  "That's why they've gotten away with it," he said. Grieving families were too weak to fight back "until [Mr Snyder]."  As a result of the pickets, several states have passed bills restricting protests at funerals or tightening existing limits, and legislators in more than a dozen other states are considering such measures.  Ms Phelps-Roper said the verdict made her 50th birthday on Tuesday a happier one. It would help the church, many of whose members are from the Phelps family, get its message out, she said.  "We're making new signs: 'Thank God for $US10.9 million'. Listen to that amount. It's so laughable," she said. "It was all I could do not to laugh. You guys think you can change God?"  The Washington Post, Associated Press
These people sound more like a cult than religion.  They should be declared a public nuisance and the police should be called whenever they picket any funeral.   What about respect for the dead? In my view they should have a law banning pickets and demonstration within sight of graveyards.
Winston Smith, there is already a thread on this topic. http://www.4forums.com/political/showthread.php?t=10571    These people sound more like a cult than religion.  They should be declared a public nuisance and the police should be called whenever they picket any funeral.   What about respect for the dead? In my view they should have a law banning pickets and demonstration within sight of graveyards.   And I believe they should ban religious speech the defame gays or ban religion all together as a public nuisance and protect the public from its drug like effects. I understand, however, that to restrict others freedom of speech of one group today, might mean that my freedom of speech could be restricted tomorrow.   They have the right to free speech even free speech, I or anyone else diagrees with. This does not mean that I think that they do not have to take responsiblity for the speech. With freedom comes responsiblity. The law suit for pain and suffering, I think is just.  Oh so many law suits to plan. Because with freedom of religion and religious speech comes responsiblity. This case now sets Precedent, that if I find religious speech hurtfull, or the actions of religious groups trying to fight gay people, marriage, or gay rights, I could sue for pain and suffering.  God bless Fred Phelps for giving fundies and religion a black eye. :) Fred Phelps is the one of the best things ever that could happen for gay rights. GO FRED.
What a shame you couldn't fine one word to say about respect for the dead and consideration for the grieving parents.....instead it is all about gays.  Religion is a good thing when practised the way the books says. To condemn religion in its totality based on the actions of some is intolerant .....Speaking of intolerance, isn't that what gays condemn in others?
What a shame you couldn't fine one word to say about respect for the dead and consideration for the grieving parents.....instead it is all about gays.  Religion is a good thing when practised the way the books says. To condemn religion in its totality based on the actions of some is intolerant .....Speaking of intolerance, isn't that what gays condemn in others?  What a shame funky Felps "couldn't fine one word to say about respect for the dead and consideration for the grieving parents.....instead it is all about gays."  FP is claiming to representer christeranity and is attempting to justify his obsessive hate for gays by using the US judicial system has his tool. We have every right to put up a fight.  If Fredster wouldn't be acting so absolutely disrespectful, tasteless, hateful and downright mean, then perhaps gays would not have to be "intolerant" to the people who are attacking us... AT FUNERALS!!!!!! Do you get it?  Personally, I've done the "born-again" thing, had "born-agains" as parents and have been around Christers and the mormon cultists all my life. Like any group (gays included) there are some good eggs and some bad eggs. But, the FACT that this personally chosen belief in religion is used as a way to supress the rights and discriminate against 5-8% of the population for no reason except "God sed'it".... a militant anti-religion faction WILL counter the militant pseudo-cafateria christer movement. You can't expect gays to sit there and just take it.
could the moderators explain publicly when a poster is banned, the reasons for doing so??? emoticon_cool
What a shame you couldn't fine one word to say about respect for the dead and consideration for the grieving parents.....instead it is all about gays.  Religion is a good thing when practised the way the books says. To condemn religion in its totality based on the actions of some is intolerant .....Speaking of intolerance, isn't that what gays condemn in others?     Anthony321 Yeah that and the inability to coordinate color.
you and mae got banned first.  when I tried to have her banning lifted, they banned me because they thought I was mae. Ridiculous!!  That forum was the only one I have been banned from and as I said not for trolling.  mae on the other hand has been banned from several forums including this one. I interceded and got her back.
how are you doing, old messenger boy ? emoticon_xbye
What would you list as the negatives for gay sex marriages and relationships being legitimized by the government?   How about one of those being God's displeasure of sinful relationships and his displeasure with governments and nations who condone or promote sinful relationships?   Benjamin Rush, a signer of the Declaration of Independence who was also known as the "Father of Public Schools," once had this to offer: "The only foundation for a republic is...religion. Without it there can be no virtue, and without virtue there can be no liberty."   Don't miss the force of that last statement, "....without virtue there can be no liberty." The principle is clear - a lack of virtue engenders bondage and judgment. As one writer noted, "Intemperate men can never be free because their passions give rise to their fetters (bindings)."   There is no virtue in carnal, sinful homosexual relationships. In fact, it is fairly well evidenced in history that when there is moral decay in a nation, the nation then starts the slide into oblivion, much like the old Roman empire.   How many people and nations in the OT went down the tubes because of their sinful practices? And this is good for America?   Also, have you seen any studies on the average life span of active male homosexuals? I'll have to revisit the research on that, but IF it comes out that the average life span is much shorter than say, heterosexuals, then that's not good for the government or society (less taxes paid, more sickness and disease, more health care expenses, etc., etc.).   Yet Another Study Confirms Gay Life Expectancy 20 Years Shorter   Yet Another Study Confirms Gay Life Expectancy 20 Years Shorter   And if that's true, why in the Sam Hill are our school educators teaching that homosexuality is a healthy and proper life style? Heck, they're going after sugar drinks because they believe they add to obesity and shortened life spans, but they won't talk about possible unhealthy gay sex life styles in the same vein.
  How about one of those being God's displeasure of sinful relationships and his displeasure with governments and nations who condone or promote sinful relationships?     Which God? Whose God? The gay Christians God approves and accepts gay relationships and sex. The Wiccan Goddess and God accept and celebrate gay relationships and sex.   Besides God has nothing to do with the US government. He is not and never has been a member of the Us government and is not a citizen of the USA.   As I said before bring it on
What would you list as the negatives for gay sex marriages and relationships being legitimized by the government?   How about one of those being God's displeasure of sinful relationships and his displeasure with governments and nations who condone or promote sinful relationships?   My god accepts me.  Too bad your god is as mean and petty and ignorant as you.
My god accepts me.  Too bad your god is as mean and petty and ignorant as you.  <flush<  God doesn't accept illicit gay sex sin.  And what did Jesus try to tell carnal sinners? REPENT?   Where's the repentance?  So don't give me that "God accepts gay marriage, etc." garbage. That's the liberal left chanting that, not God.  Doctors Say Legalizing Same-Sex Marriage Will Give False Impression Gay Sex is Safe  OTTAWA, February 18, 2005 (LifeSiteNews.com) &#8211; The looming legalization of same-sex marriage has pushed several doctors to begin speaking out on the harmful medical consequences of homosexual sex. In addition to the group of physicians who presented their findings to Parliament in a referenced brief last week (see LifeSiteNews.com coverage Same-Sex &#8216;Marriage&#8217; a Health Risk Doctors Warn Parliamentarians ), two other doctors have approached LifeSiteNews.com to submit evidence but requested anonymity based on fear of retribution from homosexual activists.  The doctors noted that they are concerned for individuals practicing dangerous homosexual sex practices but also for society in that the normalization of such sex practices through same sex &#8216;marriage&#8217; legislation will result in a major added burden on health care.  &#8220;Legalization of same sex marriage by the government would give the false message that homosexual sex practices, such as anal intercourse, as long as &#8216;practiced safely&#8217;, are not endangering the health of the partners,&#8221; said Dr. C.  Providing rather explicit details which she felt the public must be aware of, she explained, &#8220;Anal intercourse causes abrasions of the relatively fragile rectal wall, especially in the receptive partner. The penetration of E.coli, always present in the stool, and other bacteria, viruses and parasites penetrate through such lesions into the deeper body tissues. This leads to the suppression of the immune system of such individuals even if there is no exposure to HIV. The immune suppression increases the risk to develop certain cancers, opportunistic infections, to which otherwise one would be resistant, and other health problems including the risk of premature death.&#8221;  Information on the health risks of gay sex is available from the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association (GLMA). A survey by members of the GLMA released in August 2002 listed the main health problems affecting homosexual men. According to Christopher E. Harris, MD, GLMA President and Vincent M.B. Silenzio, MD, MPH, there are increased health risks for homosexual men.  The most common health problems in homosexual men are:  1. Increased incidence of infectious diseases  - HIV/AIDS*  - syphilis - gonorrhea - chlamydia  - pubic lice  - hepatitis A - hepatitis B - hepatitis C - anal papilloma  2. Increased incidence of cancer especially - colon/rectal - prostate - testicular  3. Increased incidence of eating disorders  - bulimia - anorexia nervosa - obesity  4. Increased incidences of other psychological problems - anxiety - depression - suicide  5. Increased incidence of addiction problems especially  - tobacco - alcohol - street drugs - amyl nitrates (poppers)  See also Physician Says Science of Medical Consequences of Homosexual Behaviour is Being Trumped by Political Agenda Physician Says Science of Medical Consequences of Homosexual Behaviour is Being Trumped by Political Agenda  http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2005/feb/05021811.html
<flush<  God doesn't accept illicit gay sex sin.  And what did Jesus try to tell carnal sinners? REPENT?   Where's the repentance?  So don't give me that "God accepts gay marriage, etc." garbage. That's the liberal left chanting that, not God.   Again, your god doesn't accept illicit gay sex. My god has blessed my marriage.  We have nothing to repent.   I ask you again, why is your god as ignorant as you?   As for that article you're referencing: there's nothing there but conjecture. Perhaps if the two doctors who claim to have this research would be so brave as to go on record, maybe we could discuss it.  My husband and I are fine with our happy, gay marriage. Aren't you happy with your marriage?
your husband?  OK, then, how many children have you given birth to, or intend to?
that some women or men are sterile, doesn't abolish the intention of marriage: to begin a family. And this is the case for the majority of people, but impossible for two "married" homosexuals  so, can you biologically give birth or become pregnant at least ?
that some women or men are sterile, doesn't abolish the intention of marriage: to begin a family. And this is the case for the majority of people, but impossible for two "married" homosexuals  so, can you biologically give birth or become pregnant at least ?  My marriage didn't have to pass your sniff test.  Fortunately, I live in a state that recognizes that our relationship is valid and equal to heterosexual relationships.  But really, your notions about marriage and parenthood are really sweet and quaint. Like the dodo.
Let us round up a hundred or so "married" gay couples and another hundred or so "married" lesbian couples and then dump the gays in one deserted island and the lesbians in another one. Both isolated from civilization. we would supply them with food, medical care, gay magazines etc.  Let's see how this 'normal' marriages would reproduce? I wonder how the population growth would compare between both groups?? emoticon_rolleyes
Marriage is about reproduction and raising of children. It is about parents, it is about children. That is the reason for it. It is a about family and about society. It is the sanctioned way by society to reproduce in a society, to breed and raise children and imbue them with the values and customs of society.  That is why a so called "marriage" where reproduction is an impossibility by normal means it is not really a marriage in the traditional sense. It is an aberration, a parody but not the real thing. Why don't you call it something else? why the pretense that is a normal marriage?  No matter what you say, normal people (heterosexuals) will tolerate what you do, I do but to call it 'marriage'? No way Jose  Of course some married couple are infertile and some do not wish to have children. But at least each member is of the opposite sex.
and what if the last woman on earth was a dyk# ? emoticon_cry
and what if the last woman on earth was a dyk# ? emoticon_cry     Anthony321 Then CUNxTime would probably be having the time of his life on the back of her Harley! Imagine that,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,A world consisting of a ####, a bike, and a man willing to go along for the ride!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You just contradicted everything you said in your own post. First you said that a marriage where reproduction is an impossibility "by normal means" is not really a marriage. Then you said, oh, but marriage is fine for infertile heterosexual couples and for heterosexual couples who choose not to have children. Which contradicts your earlier point.   You obviously just want to carve out a rationale for excluding same-sex couples from marriage. And obviously this is NOT because same-sex couples cannot reproduce biologically together, since you accept as legitimately married opposite-sex couples who cannot reproduce biologically together as well as opposite-sex couples who choose not to reproduce biologically together. Your prejudice is showing.   I said  Of course some married couple are infertile and some do not wish to have children. But at least each member is of the opposite sex.  a normal (heterosexual) couple which does not want to have children is not an infertile couple and even an infertile couple can with in many instances seek recourse to in vitro fertilization have children.  Instead two lesbians can never beget a child of their own (the example of the isolated island)  a same sex "marriage" is a sick memesis of the real thing.  why do gays and lesbians try so hard to be considered normal? Accept your fate, you are not normal. It is not your fault if you are a man who feels, talk, and moves like a woman and vice versa.
Marriage is about reproduction and raising of children. It is about parents, it is about children. That is the reason for it. It is a about family and about society. It is the sanctioned way by society to reproduce in a society, to breed and raise children and imbue them with the values and customs of society.  That is why a so called "marriage" where reproduction is an impossibility by normal means it is not really a marriage in the traditional sense. It is an aberration, a parody but not the real thing. Why don't you call it something else? why the pretense that is a normal marriage?  No matter what you say, normal people (heterosexuals) will tolerate what you do, I do but to call it 'marriage'? No way Jose  Of course some married couple are infertile and some do not wish to have children. But at least each member is of the opposite sex.  Once again I will post the rules I could except if marriage is trully about children. 1 If marriage is limited to a man and a women they need to submit proof of fertility to get a license.  2 they must have a child within a year for the liscense being grated or the license must be surrendered  3 there can not be any divorce the couple must remain together for the child's welfare.  4 once the children are grown or if the child dies then the license must be surrendered.  5 only breeding age men and women will be permitted licenses.  6 proof of consummation, by video or Affidavit of 3 Witnesses must be kept on file at the court house.  7 the license must be renewed, much as a driver license is, with tests of parental fitness every 2 years. If found unfit the license is surrendered along with the children.  8 No one may have children with out a marriage license.  I could live with this my sense of equality would be sated since there would also be heterosexuals excluded from marriage.
It is not a belief dahhhhlin' is a fact dahhlin'   well, then you are walking caricatures of men trying to walk, talk and behave like women and have sex like women.  marriage is the union of 2 heterosexuals. Period.  anything else is a sad mimicry.
It is not a belief dahhhhlin' is a fact dahhlin'   well, then you are walking caricatures of men trying to walk, talk and behave like women and have sex like women.  marriage is the union of 2 heterosexuals. Period.  anything else is a sad mimicry. Throughout history marriage has taken many different forms. Why should we be constrained by a fairly modern interpretation of this civil arrangement? Especially when it appears to be imposed by religiously zealotry.
[QUOTE=Winston Smith;354574]  well, then you are walking caricatures of men trying to walk, talk and behave like women and have sex like women.    Anthony321 That could possibly describe a transvestite and/or a transexual. Who may or may not be a homosexual.    Winston Smith marriage is the union of 2 heterosexuals. Period.    Anthony321 So if two men or two women become "unionized" it's okay by you as long as they are heterosexuals.
I said why do gays and lesbians try so hard to be considered normal?     Anthony321 The question that preceeds that is "Why do you try so hard to term gays and lesbians as not normal?"    Winston Smith Accept your fate, you are not normal.      Anthony321 Depending on what you perceive as normal that could be taken as blessing.    Winston Smith It is not your fault if you are a man who feels, talk, and moves like a woman and vice versa.    Anthony321 You have moved this into the topic of gender identity which is not synonomous with gay. As for talking like a woman, many people believe that gay men speak with a lisp. Do women speak with a lisp? What about the gay men who don't have a lisp? What is it about their speech which is like a woman? How does a woman move? If you are under the impression that a woman moves like Marilyn Monroe you are misinformed. As for the men (gay or straight) that do move like Marilyn Monroe they are called female impersonators.
whatever you say dahhhlin' and just like normal women you have sex with men. I know, I am stereotyping you emoticon_xbye
http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2005/feb/05021709.html For some reason I found this article especially compelling. It was like a light went on in my head and for whatever reason I found myself agreeing with your position. I now understand what you have been trying to say in these forum and I have to say that now I can clearly see that you are probably correct on many issues.
For some reason I found this article especially compelling. It was like a light went on in my head and for whatever reason I found myself agreeing with your position. I now understand what you have been trying to say in these forum and I have to say that now I can clearly see that you are probably correct on many issues.  That study is 4 years old.
For some reason I found this article especially compelling. It was like a light went on in my head and for whatever reason I found myself agreeing with your position. I now understand what you have been trying to say in these forum and I have to say that now I can clearly see that you are probably correct on many issues.   Thanks emoticon_xagree
So your conception of a "normal" woman is someone who has sex with men? For me to be "normal" by your standards would require me to go out and have sex with a man? Even though I have no desire to do this? How bizarre.   I don't know what "normal" even means, but it's certainly not something I aspire to. "Normal" sounds to me like a synonym for bland, dull, uninteresting, like everyone else, lacking distinction, blah. Who wants to be blah?   People differ from each other in many ways. Sexual orientation is just one form of variation among people. People's variations make them interesting. Variation makes life on this earth interesting. Why would you expect people to want to eliminate their positive characteristics that make them distinct and interesting?  Same-sex marriage harms no one. Same-sex marriage serves to benefit families and children. There is every reason to legalize same-sex marriage and no good reason to ban it.  You are preaching to the converted, I am on your side on this one for I would also never but never would have sex a man. Gimme a woman, even a hairy one anytime. emoticon_xagree
Modesty prevents me from exhibiting my good qualities here emoticon_smile
no maybes!  you also have (maybe?) a sense of humour which is rarer, much rarer than common sense. if most people in this forum had a sense of humour, 'cunextime' has it, it would foster communication, and it would make this place a fun place. emoticon_smile
Depending on how you feel about same-sex marriage, the results of a Gallup poll released this morning might surprise you, or seem to state the obvious.  The poll's big finding is that 57 percent of Americans currently oppose making same-sex marriages legal - essentially the same number as last year. And support for those marriages appears to have stalled at 40 percent, after peaking at 46 percent in 2007.  But demographically, things get a bit more complicated: youngsters (18-to-29-year-olds) favor gay marriage 59 percent to 37 percent. Perhaps predictably, a majority of every older age group oppose same-sex marriage (with increasing margins; 66 percent of those past 65 oppose it). The obvious conclusion? The future belongs to same-sex marriage supporters, demographically speaking.  From Gallup's release on the poll results:  The lack of change in public opinion on same-sex marriage seen in the new USA Today/Gallup poll occurs in an environment in which an increasing number of states have taken steps to legalize such unions. Same-sex marriages are now legal in Massachusetts, Connecticut, Maine, and Iowa, and will be legal in Vermont in September.  On Tuesday, California's Supreme Court refused to add that state to the list, by upholding the Proposition 8 referendum, approved by voters, that banned same-sex marriage in the state. The referendum was put on the November 2008 ballot in response to an earlier court decision that allowed same-sex couples to legally marry in California.  Among major demographic or attitudinal subgroups, self-identified liberals show the greatest support for legal gay marriage at 75% in the May 7-10 poll. By contrast, only 19% of conservatives think same-sex marriages should be legally valid.  Just a slim majority (55%) of Democrats approve of gay marriage, but they are more likely to do so than independents (45%) and Republicans (20%). -Jeremy Gantz   The Raw Story Majority of Americans oppose gay marriage
I think that when voters go back to amend the California constitution again, to once again legalize same-sex marriage there, the marriage equality side will win.   If they are smart they will try to find some way to amend it that will make it harder to change it back again. As it stands, it's pretty easy to amend that constitution and another form of Prop 8 could just be put back into place after prop 8 is undone. They could craft a second amendment making it harder to amend it in the future, or something of the sort.
I contend that: Atheists have no framework for morality.  Morality only comes from Christianity.   Atheists believe that each and every person should have their own reality. This is quite disturbing, and should send a chill down the spines of non-atheists.  If one removes God from the picture of moral discussion, one removes the possibility that there are any such things as moral truths; the possibility that there are, in fact, right answers to moral questions.   You are stuck with mere preferences. An atheist prefers behavior X, and therefore he deems behavior X as ethical. Because there is no ultimate moral truth, there is no possible way to question the assertion. The only possible response, if you disagree with the atheist, is to say you prefer behavior Y.   But in so doing, you establish personal preferences as the criteria for ethical behavior, which justifies the atheist in his assertion.  Here is but a glimpse at the "morality" wrought by Atheism: http://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/NOTE1.HTM  II 128,168,000 VICTIMS: THE DEKA-MEGAMURDERERS 4. 61,911,000 Murdered: The Soviet Gulag State  5. 35,236,000 Murdered: The Communist Chinese Ant Hill  6. 20,946,000 Murdered: The Nazi Genocide State  7. 10,214,000 Murdered: The Depraved Nationalist Regime  III 19,178,000 VICTIMS: THE LESSER MEGA-MURDERERS 8. 5,964,000 Murdered: Japan's Savage Military  9. 2,035,000 Murdered: The Khmer Rouge Hell State  10. 1,883,000 Murdered: Turkey's Genocidal Purges  11. 1,670,000 Murdered: The Vietnamese War State  12. 1,585,000 Murdered: Poland's Ethnic Cleansing  13. 1,503,000 Murdered: The Pakistani Cutthroat State  14. 1,072,000 Murdered: Tito's Slaughterhouse  IV 4,145,000 VICTIMS: SUSPECTED MEGAMURDERERS 15. 1,663,000 Murdered? Orwellian North Korea  16. 1,417,000 Murdered? Barbarous Mexico  17. 1,066,000 Murdered? Feudal Russia
While Electrolyte may have come out rather strongly, I must say the post that started the debate is als very offensive. I'm sorry if an observation of the truth seems offensive to you. I, however, did not resort to personal attacks against another poster - Electrolyte did.   First, it neglects to mention that there is a moral code in every society, even atheistic ones. They may not claim divine source or similar for it, but informal rules of "this is done, and this is NOT done" emerge. Always. And yet I alread showed what the "moral code" of atheistic societies has done for the world: II 128,168,000 VICTIMS: THE DEKA-MEGAMURDERERS 4. 61,911,000 Murdered: The Soviet Gulag State  5. 35,236,000 Murdered: The Communist Chinese Ant Hill  6. 20,946,000 Murdered: The Nazi Genocide State  7. 10,214,000 Murdered: The Depraved Nationalist Regime  III 19,178,000 VICTIMS: THE LESSER MEGA-MURDERERS 8. 5,964,000 Murdered: Japan's Savage Military  9. 2,035,000 Murdered: The Khmer Rouge Hell State  10. 1,883,000 Murdered: Turkey's Genocidal Purges  11. 1,670,000 Murdered: The Vietnamese War State  12. 1,585,000 Murdered: Poland's Ethnic Cleansing  13. 1,503,000 Murdered: The Pakistani Cutthroat State  14. 1,072,000 Murdered: Tito's Slaughterhouse  IV 4,145,000 VICTIMS: SUSPECTED MEGAMURDERERS 15. 1,663,000 Murdered? Orwellian North Korea  16. 1,417,000 Murdered? Barbarous Mexico  17. 1,066,000 Murdered? Feudal Russia    Second, it completely forgets that there are many many religions and philosopies that have attained a quasi-religious status all over the world. To claim Christian exclusivity is, I'm sorry to say it, either ridiculously uninformed or downright insulting to all the other religions and beliefs. Try Buddhist teachings, Confucianism, the Giri concept of the Japanese and similar for examples of high morality standards that have no connection whatsoever to Christianity. There is a moral law imprinted on everyone's hearts to begin with. These are failed attempts to expand on that - Christianity is really the only successful attempt. They, at least, are opening their minds to the spiritual, and thus making a small opening in their hearts which alows God's morality to seep into them. Atheists are not open to this, and close off their hearts to morality.   Third, it is most tiresome to see all the horrors of the world ascribed to atheism when atheism has nothing to do with them. Atheism has nothing to do with the nationalism of the Nazis and Fascists, has nothing to do with the cult of personality established by various dictators and similar. And don't even try to claim I don't know any of it. I LIVE in the area you claim as "Tito's slaughterhouse". I KNOW what it was all about. And atheism didn't get even nearly close to the true causes. Oh, buddy, Atheism has EVERYTHING to do with that. The morality-less framework of Atheism ALLOWED them to justify the horrors that they inflicted.   Fourth: Atheism merely excludes god as a source of morality. That's all, as far as morality is concerned. Moralities can still be established on other bases, including philosophical discourse, statistical analysis and sociological studies. The basic "thou shalt not kill" forms even within animal families, as sibling animals learn to cooperate against the outer world. To claim humans are not so able is, well, if not untrue, at least very cynical. It may be cynical, but then a lot oftruths are cynical.  You see, atheism teaches that everyone can have their own morality.  This means that Hitler's morality and Stalin's morality are seperate. It really means that no one can even say that what they did was WRONG - after all, it was "moral" to them. Quite disturbing, wouldn't you say?
 If we were to take this claim seriously, we would have to conclude that no atheists throughout history have ever behaved morally, or postulated moral codes that operate in the absence of belief in a deity, and that there is no morality in countries that aren't ruled by Christianity today (the great majority), or existed anywhere on the planet before Christianity. Which is exactly what SHOULD be concluded.    Since both conclusions are manifestly at odds with reality, we can say the thesis has been flatly disproved. Consequently, there really isn't much point in addressing the rest of these rather strange allegations, but hey... the claims are so outrageous, let's nail them.  lesse - That whole punishing the rapevictim in Saudi arabia. THAT was "moral"? I could go on and on with this.    It would be interesting to know which atheists make such an odd claim.  Never heard of moral relativism?    Actually, it does no such thing. It merely means a secular moralist must justify moral codes on the basis of their intrinsic rationality and real world consequences, rather than appealing to a deity as an arbitrary authority. Since all the scriptures of the world have been written by people, this moral authority represents nothing more than their personal opinions about what they think their god wants.  Which leads to things like gay marriage, abortion, etc. And also denies us the ability to say that Staliin or Hitler was wrong.     This accusation ignores the many philosophical treatises written by secular philosophers to base morality on truths other than commandments attributed to some deity or other. The utilitarianism of Bentham, Mill and Singer is but one such example. Atheists are perfectly capable of reasoning, and explaining why they favour some moral codes over others.  You may very well be capable of reasoning. Just not capable of morality through the framework of the atheistic belief system.    Ho-hum. Well, none of these alleged examples of atheist immorality have anything to do with atheism. The crimes were not committed in the name of atheism, or to promote atheism. They were the crimes of political ideologues and petty dictators. Some are even directly attributable to religious prejudices: need I also refer to the religious slaughter in Northern Ireland? Strawman, my friend. Where did I ever say that these were done in the name of atheism or to promote atheism. What I really said was that these things were a result of the moral-less framework of the atheist belief system. They are the fruit of atheism - they were justified by those doing it because of the moral relativism of atheism.     It's even worth pointing out that many of them occurred in officially Christian countries, such as Germany, Poland and Tzarist Russia, or devoutly Islamic countries such as Pakistan -- and all these for religious reasons that had nothing to do with atheism.  And yet all were done mainly by atheistic leaders whose atheism gave them the framework to justify what they were doing.   One could list lots of crimes across the entire world committed by Christians, in the name of Jesus Christ, to promote their religion and political power.  These would not be Christians - they would not be following the moral code of Christianity.   Would that prove that Christianity is an immoral religion? As they are not christians, no.    Does 9/11 and other terrorist atrocities committed in the name of Allah prove that Islam is an immoral religion?  Yes.   By the identical arguments proposed here, one would have no choice but to reach that conclusion.  The thesis proposed here has no merit at all. Factually and logically, it is terminally flawed.  In your atheistic opinon.
The one thing I find disturbing about Christian morals is they state God as the moral authority over mankind but when you mention the countless acts of Genocide in the bible they dismiss it as Gods will.  God Created. He can Destroy.   To me as an Atheist any genocide is an evil act, but to the Christian the Destruction of Sodom or the great flood was a moral act because God 'dunnit' And yet the atheist belief system allows for everyone to have their own seperate set of morals. According to the Atheist system, what Hitleror Stalin did was perfectly moral because those atheists believed that what they were doing was moral. Disgusting if you ask me.    In fact a question posed by Dawkins in the God Delusion(I am paraphrasing)  Can you seriously tell me the only reason you do not indulge in immorality is because of God? If we took God out of the picture would you then start committing rape and murder?   If you answer 'no' to both questions, this then would render the OP's thesis as incorrect.  As God is not out of the picture and shan't ever be taken out of the picture for christians, your question is moot.  But, we HAVE seen what happens when God is taken out of the picture: II 128,168,000 VICTIMS: THE DEKA-MEGAMURDERERS 4. 61,911,000 Murdered: The Soviet Gulag State  5. 35,236,000 Murdered: The Communist Chinese Ant Hill  6. 20,946,000 Murdered: The Nazi Genocide State  7. 10,214,000 Murdered: The Depraved Nationalist Regime  III 19,178,000 VICTIMS: THE LESSER MEGA-MURDERERS 8. 5,964,000 Murdered: Japan's Savage Military  9. 2,035,000 Murdered: The Khmer Rouge Hell State  10. 1,883,000 Murdered: Turkey's Genocidal Purges  11. 1,670,000 Murdered: The Vietnamese War State  12. 1,585,000 Murdered: Poland's Ethnic Cleansing  13. 1,503,000 Murdered: The Pakistani Cutthroat State  14. 1,072,000 Murdered: Tito's Slaughterhouse  IV 4,145,000 VICTIMS: SUSPECTED MEGAMURDERERS 15. 1,663,000 Murdered? Orwellian North Korea  16. 1,417,000 Murdered? Barbarous Mexico  17. 1,066,000 Murdered? Feudal Russia
I think the point that can safely be made to all of you defenders of atheism and the Governments that practice it is that all of the people who have wrongly died at the hands of the corrupt Popes and the RCC throughout history in the name of Christ don't come close to the deaths caused by the Godless dictators who practiced genocide as shown by ChristAscended. That is the point he is making and that point stands.
I think the point that can safely be made to all of you defenders of atheism and the Governments that practice it is that all of the people who have wrongly died at the hands of the corrupt Popes and the RCC throughout history in the name of Christ don't come close to the deaths caused by the Godless dictators who practiced genocide as shown by ChristAscended. That is the point he is making and that point stands.  Thanks Archangel. That is indeed the main point of my argument.  I must also point out that all those deaths caused by Godless dictators were done in around a 100 year span of time, while those who died from Popes, etc. was spread out over many centuries.   I am loath to think what the tally for atheistic societies will be when the same time period has passed, given that they have already killed more in about a hundred years than all those killed in the name of religion over many centuries.
Thanks Archangel. That is indeed the main point of my argument.  I must also point out that all those deaths caused by Godless dictators were done in around a 100 year span of time, while those who died from Popes, etc. was spread out over many centuries.   I am loath to think what the tally for atheistic societies will be when the same time period has passed, given that they have already killed more in about a hundred years than all those killed in the name of religion over many centuries.  Excellent points. One of the most revolutionary things about the Jewish Legal System as described in the Old Testament is that Israel was the very first Society ever to create a Police Force where the enforcers of the Laws of the Land were recruited from the civilian community and was made up of men who were raised from childhood in the ways of the Levitical Laws. Only Israel protected its citizens from Government abuse with such a system that was instituted by God mind you.   In every other Police Force of the time and for thousands of years to follow, the Armies and Police Forces represented the Kings interests only and had no responsibility to actually respect or protect the rights of individual citizens who had no individual rights in those Countries and Social Systems of Governing.
Are there no moral Jews, no moral Hindus, no moral Muslims?  I think morality comes from compassion and caring for others more than from religion. I do not doubt that there were peoples with a degree or morality before Christ arrived and sparked Christianity.   Maybe our connotations of moral amd immoral need clarifying. What is it that makes you think there are no moral atheists?  I feel they have limited morality caused by their opening themselves to the Spiritual and allowing the original moral law written in their hearts by God to shine through into their teachings.  As to Jews, they are the closest in true morality to Christians as they have the whole first half of God's Word (old testament) which deals with a lot of the morality. I'd go so far as to say that they are as moral as Christians.  By Christianity, I am referring mostly to those who believe God's Word.  As to why I think there are no moral atheists, it has to do with their complete denial of God and any spirituality whatsoever.
 Frankly, most of this diatribe is not suited to this semi-formal debate forum. If you want to troll, rather than discuss intelligently, there are other religious forums here where these talents would be more appreciated. If you don't want to debate, by all means leave the thread.   However, before I leave you, I have to point out that the opinion of a Christian that only a Christian can be moral is nothing more than that: a self-serving opinion. Real life evidence stands against this, including both the moral behaviour of non-Christians, and the immoral behaviour of many Christians. The perennial cop-out, "Oh, they weren't 'real' Christians!!!" is about as convincing as a 3-dollar bill. It isn't a copout - it is an observable truth. People can easily observe that what they did was the antithesis of Christianity   If you want to discuss an idea out of the pleasure of discussing it, get a civil tongue in your head Please show me where I have cursed or otherwise been "uncivil".   and treat your adversaries on a formal forum with a modicum of respect. If you want a brawl, go to some other forum. Your anti-social behaviour here is just going to get this forum closed down as too difficult to manage. Perhaps you are mistaking me for Electrolyte. Please go back and read his first post here and THEN come back and tell my that I am the one being uncivil and not treating others with respect.  If anyone is doing so here it is Electrolyte.
It's a rare event to find myself in agreement with you, so I thought I'd mark it. You are absolutely right. All civilisations have had systems of morality, with many common themes. We could probably get into an interesting discussion of the origins of human morality, and I think that religious and other moral systems all stem from the same source: given human nature, there are only a few ways of constructing a human society successfully.  Religion, just as much as secular moral philosophies, are derivatives of basic human moral instincts (or imperatives?). They are all rationalisations of why humans behave morally, but I suspect the true reason is that societies that do not have these moral codes simply do not arise or survive.  Whether one argues they are god-given or evolved, they are intrinsic to our humanity.  As usual you couldn't be more wrong in reality. Go back to any or all of the great civilizations in antiquity apart from Israel and you will find Societies where unless one was of Royal or at least Noble lineage then they had no rights of protection against Government abuse and Tyranny at all. If the King of any Civilization decided that he wanted to finance the building of a new castle or finance a war he would send his Royal Guard throughout his kingdom the very next day to collect the new tax by what ever means were necessary with no warning at all or time allowed for the people to raise the money.  If they couldn't pay they would be taken as slave labor or to be sold into slavery for the needed funds. No concern was given that they were human beings and complete families and even villages were destroyed so that the King could build his Castle or finance his War. Kings were no more than Robber Barons through out most of the past 5000 years. It wasn't until the Judeo Christian ethic was adopted on any level that the human and civil rights of the powerless started to spread around the World. And even then up till now there are Dictatorships that exist with complete Armies and Police Forces that protect and serve only the corrupt Government at the expense of the people of those Countries.
What am I to do? I mean, I've studied Tito's WWII role in A CLASSROOM WITH TITO'S PORTRAIT ON THE WALL, and know exactly what kind of a bastard he was, what he did, and why he did it. I lived while he was still alive, he was MY MARSHALL (head of state), and once he died, the truth was made public, and...  ... and yet some guy from half the world away is trying to tell me it was all about atheism. Not, like, forbidden communist parties being prohibited pre-war, before they actually did anything wrong, forced into the underground, thus becoming best suited to start a resistance movement against the occupator and collaborators, usurping the leadership role over all the OTHER resistance groups (including Christian groups), fighting guerilla against a genocidal occupator (people from Yugoslavia went into the concentration camps too, you know? We even had some here...), executing collaborators (in repercussion to which hostages were taken), the whole society getting divided in half, and taking bloody revenge after the war coupled with disposession of opponents and executions of some, followed up by totalitarian repression, which might have sent people to jail or worse even over things like who's picture is on the wall (Stalin vs. Tito).   And all of this time, of course, Tito was screaming "I'm a atheist! I'm killing non-atheists because they were non atheists!"? And all atheists were screaming "Yes! You're right! Kill them all! Nothing immoral about it!"  Yeah right. Read the speeches, if you want to come out as knowing anything. See who is named an enemy, and why. And until you understand terms like samoupravljanje, don't claim you know ANYTHING.  And from the sample you offered, the same applies to the other examples you have offered. Some I already know most of them to be wrong, while the others are so vaguely mentioned one cannot be sure what they refer to.   It's easy claiming "All who did this were atheists". But it's wrong. If that way of arguing were accepted, you'd have to accept that all killers who have ever been christened are christian killers, too. And I'm sure you can see why that's wrong.  Wow, I don't think I have ever seen such a long-winded strawman.   As I said to Lesz, I never said that they did it "in the name of atheism" or "to promote atheism". That is your strawman that you beat to death in your post here.  What I ACTUALLY said was that this was done by atheists and was as a result of the lack of morality of the atheist faith (along with their little invention of relative morals which allowed these people to justify the horrors they commited).  So please, argue against what I ACTUALLLY SAID, rather than posting long diatribes against a strawperson.
I contend that: Atheists have no framework for morality.  Morality only comes from Christianity.   You are no Christian, if you doubt the Holy Word in this subject. You are what John the Baptist called a "generation of vipers" (son of snakes) and Jesus Christ called a "whited sepulchre".  "When Gentiles who have not the Law do by nature what the Law requires, they are a law to themselves, even though they do not have the Law. They show that what the Law requires is written on their hearts, while their conscience also bears witness and their conflicting thoughts accuse or perhaps excuse them on that day when, according to my gospel, God judges the secrets of men by Christ Jesus."  Romans 2.14-16  Remove the log from thine own eye before trying to help thy brother remove the mote from his. Turn away from thy sinful ways, and open thy heart to the Lord.
 The one thing I find disturbing about Christian morals is they state God as the moral authority over mankind but when you mention the countless acts of Genocide in the bible they dismiss it as Gods will.  God Created. He can Destroy.  No, not when God kills people. Genocide. God commanded the Israelites to kill every man, woman, and child in Canaan, and also their animals. They did this with great relish, as reported in the book of Joshua, except when they got in trouble for keeping the girls.  According to you, since your God commanded it, genocide was once moral. Or perhaps it is still moral. Has your God changed his mind? Is He a flip-flopper? Or is He still a Death God?
In order to break up with someone, one must first have a relationship with them. That doesn't seem to have ever been the issue with you. So the premise of this thread is false and in the wrong forum. This thread should be in humor as the idea of you having a relationship with the living God is a joke, and a bad one at that. emoticon_xgood 
And for the other side ...  One person's process of "coming out" from atheism/agnosticism to oneself and into religion, and giving up the delusion of belief that there is no God:  "Why I Gave up on Atheism"
This guy is a ringer planted by the Christians.  LOL! Just can't fathom someone coming to different conclusions than you did, huh? emoticon_rolleyes
Some converts from atheism to Christianity  * Steve Beren - Former member of the Socialist Workers Party (United States) who became a Christian conservative politician.[1] * Anders Borg - Sweden's Minister for Finance.[2] * Francis Collins - Geneticist who was an atheist until age 27, but then converted to Christianity.[3] * T. S. Eliot - Poet who converted from atheism to Anglicanism in 1927, aged thirty-nine.[citation needed] * Andr Frossard - French journalist who was atheist, but converted to Catholicism in 1935.[4] * Joy Gresham - Poet and wife of C. S. Lewis.[5] * Anna Haycraft - Raised in Auguste Comte's atheistic "church of humanity", but became a conservative Catholic in adulthood.[6] * Ignace Lepp - French psychiatrist whose parents were freethinkers and who joined the Communist party at age fifteen. He broke with the party in 1937 and eventually became a Catholic priest.[7] * Flix Leseur - Doctor turned priest. His conversion, in part, came by efforts of his wife who was declared a Servant of God by the Catholic Church.[8] * C. S. Lewis - writer who became an atheist as a young man but returned to Christianity and wrote many books about his faith.[9] * Alister McGrath - Biochemist and Christian theologian. Founder of 'Scientific theology' and critic of Richard Dawkins in books like Dawkins' God: Genes, Memes, and the Meaning of Life and The Dawkins Delusion?.[10][11] * Lacey Mosley - Vocalist and lyricist for Alternative metal band Flyleaf.[12] * William J. Murray - Son of Madalyn Murray O'Hair who became a Born again preacher.[13] * Marvin Olasky - Former Marxist turned Christian conservative, he edits the Christian World (magazine).[14][15] * Enoch Powell - Conservative Party (UK) member who converted to Anglicanism.[16] * George R. Price - Geneticist who became an Evangelical Christian and wrote about the New Testament. Later he moderated his evangelistic tendencies and switched from religious writing to working with the homeless.[17][18] * Gerald Priestland - News correspondent who discusses having once been the "school atheist" in Something Understood: An Autobiography. He became a Quaker after an emotional breakdown.[19] * Dame Cicely Saunders - Templeton Prize and Conrad N. Hilton Humanitarian Prize winning nurse known for palliative care. She converted to Christianity as a young woman.[20] * Edith Stein - Phenomenologist philosopher who converted to Catholicism and became a Discalced Carmelite nun; declared a saint by John Paul II.[21] * Peter Steele - Lead singer of Type O Negative.[22] * Fay Weldon - British novelist and feminist.[23] * John C. Wright - Science fiction author.  pasted from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_former_atheists
i was a christian with a strong pentecostal background. i got baptised, spoke in tongues, laid hands and even witnissed to non-believers. what caused me to figure out that god doesnt exist is by asking questions and being honest with myself. while it was a shocking and traumatic experience for me, not to mention the strain it put on my personal life at home and with my close friends and relatives, it was that simple. and i feel better about being honest to myself, even in the face of the social ostracizing i had to and still go through.  the biggest drawback in breaking up with god (which is really just breaking up with a figment of common imagination) is the social repercussions. on an individual level, even though you feel youve been duped all your life, you can get over it. but others who hold on to their beliefs usually never get over "losing" you. but its the price i gladly pay for the freedom from self delusion  Tell me this paulie, if you spoke in tongues and layed hands on people in prayer that resulted in healings then you were filled with the Holy Spirit of God. Because one can only receive and exhibit the gifts of the Spirit if they have the indwelling of the Holy Spirit of God, so how did you go from that pinnacle of christian experience to believing that God doesn't even exist? Were you in fact a charlatan who was faking being a christian? Because there is no way you really spoke in tongues and laid hands on people according to Gods spirit and then after allegedly having these gifts you just decided God doesn't exist. So lie to yourself about having known God but don't lie to me because I know what a real relationship with Him is all about and I too have spoken in tongues and laid hands on others leading to healings, and there is no way I could walk away from God after experiencing His gifts first hand.
Unless of course it's all wishful thinking, self-delusion, peer pressure, mass hysteria, etc.  What you have described is what it takes to be an atheist and deny that the living God is exactly who He say's He is in His Holy Word, the Bible.
i didnt "just" believe that god doesnt exist. it was a long process that took several months. i was a closet agnostic for a few months. i continued to go to church while seriously pondering every word my pastor spoke. and to be honest, the pastor of my church is an intelligent guy. he is well read and travelled, speaks several languages and has a good grasp of economics, business, politics and other "thinking" subjects. plus he breaks down the scriptures in a way that i still admire.  when i spoke to him about my position, he was very civil and treated me with respect, even though he disagreed he never made it an issue of right or wrong, but rather asked me questions to see if he could help me reevaulate my position. i did think about what he said and left the meeting with even more respect than ever.  as for laying of hands, healing the sick, speaking in tongues, and other "manifestations" of the holy spirit, i can still do those things. none of these need god's existence to work. you dont utter meaningless sounds involuntarily under the control of any external supernatural force. you utter these sounds in faith as a form of advanced praise to god, but you control what you do and voluntarily say what comes out of your mouth. healing the sick is not a matter of a supernatural force entering a sick person's body and surgically mending their internal ailment. prayer and healing works because the person being prayed for accepts mentally that they are going to get better, and for the majority of pains and aches, thats all that is necessary. agreeing in faith on the acheivement of any goal works in secular groups just as well as in church groups.   that religious practices and techniques work because long long ago, somebody discovered the amazing power of the subconscious mind, the power of positive thinking, and the power of agreement, but couldnt figure out how the heck it could be possible. it seemed as though these events of good fortune were caused by a powerful unseen force, and that was because they was. to them they were miracles, and for all intents and purposes they were. this was religion in the purest form: the power of faith  of course, religion expanded and evolved. this unseen force took on a personality, with a temperament, and likes and dislikes. originally, the only way tp tap into this unseen power was by the way you thought. men wanting power expanded on this idea, created justification for people's misfortunes, and segregated the "blessed" from the "cursed". to this day, society has never recovered from this tragic paradigm, and only in small circles, almost an underground movement, is the original system of faith being revived  now you can wave away everything i just said as an elaborate cop-out of believing in god. and i'm not trying to convince you that youre wrong and i'm right. i'm just telling you what went through my mind and what i've learned in becoming an atheist  i think i am in a unique position. i have never and cannot look down on believers, or feel that i am more enlightened than the person in religion. i dont condemn people who believe in creation or protest against homosexuality. i still view religion itself as a cornerstone of civilization, and i think it was a necessary and inevitable part of our social evolution. i never generalize that all christians are gullible sheep, nor that all atheists are superior geniuses. this seperates me from most other atheists. abandoning my belief in god doesnt release me from being morally responsible or knowing what right and wrong is. it doesnt mean that i cant exercise faith, love my neighbor, or follow any of the other principles i learned as a christian  where i distance myself from christianity the most is the issue of afterlife. i am totally annoyed by the idea pedalling the concept of going to heaven or hell. as a matter of fact, if you need the ultimate carrot and stick of eternal life or eternal anguish, if you need to be constantly reminded that god is watching you, if you can only be motivated to do good because you want a reward, then how in the world can you tell anyone that you are morally superior? this is the main aspect of christianity that creeps me out, and ultimately, it is the biggest form of corruption that religion is polluted with  A lot of words just to say you never knew God at all so you never really broke up with anyone as you never had a true relationship with the living God at all anyway. So the bottom line is that everything you asserted about speaking in tongues and laying hands on people was a fraud and you trying to fit in with something you never really had. But just because you are a fraud paulie, it doesn't mean that God is one. I am here to tell you that my relationship with Him is real and based on a personal relationship with Him through Christ who died for all of our sins. Just because you deny that reality, it doesn't mean it isn't real.
yeah arch, you and everyone else who has this personal relationship with a god that you believe in, yet who never talks to you or manifests his existence in your life, have the real deal. you believe in a being that men wrote about in a state of gross ignorance and social delusion. you believe that a bible, canonized under the authority of a murderous tyrant, is the ultimate source of morality. you believe that god is possible of feats such as flooding the entire globe with water that doesnt even exist on the planet, yet he is somehow incapable of saving innocent infants from deformities, diseases and deaths. the greatest feats of power of god recorded in the old testament always involved the destruction of the people he created and then condemned for not doing what they were never told to do. you have to be threatened with the most horrific images of torture and gore in order to be motivated to do what is right. but, you have the real deal  when you think about it, being a fraud rocks. christians like you are the reason why atheists who are usually tolerant and respectful of religion become contemptuous and abhorant of it. keep your bible, your heaven and your god. you cant induce guilt in me about my decision. by displaying your arrogance, discrimination and judgemental attitude, you display that you are truly a child of the biblical god. you speak love and demonstrate hate and condemnation, just like god does. you invite the weak-minded with a promise of hope, then ensnare them in perpetual guilt and deflated self-worth, just like god does. you stir up your fellowmen with scriptural commandments, then immediately justify yourself when you do exactly the opposite, just like god does.   i dont have to say youre a fraud or a hypocrite or a self deluded idiot. actions always speak louder than words  And what actions would those be? You talk as if we were raised together and you have my whole life history to fall back on in not only judging my relationship with God but in condemning it as false and assumed. Tell me, where were you at Jesus 75 when God stopped the rain instantly in response to 30,000 believers praying for it together? I missed you there as I accepted Jesus as my Savior that weekend. Tell me, where did you sit in Bible College in all of my classes? I don't remember you there. And what gift did you give us as a wedding present? I don't remember it. And where are you in the pictures of when we celebrated the births of our daughters? I can't find you in them.   So on what basis do you judge my personal relationship with God through Christ? And are you actually implying that because you never actually had a real and true relationship with God that neither could I? face it, that is the depth of your assertions. It didn't happen to me so neither could it have happened to anyone else. So it all must be fake and unreal. That is the basis upon which all unbelievers base their rejection of Christ and their condemnation of those who claim to know Him personally.   Well paulie, you'll need to do better than that if you intend to insist that I and my God is a fraud. At least target a born again believer you have known for a lifetime before you insist on condemning them but don't choose someone like me whom you have never even met as it makes you appear irrational and even delusional. Which from where I'm sitting, any person who would say so adamantly what you say above about someone you have never even met is the most rational diagnosis available.   So let me ask you paulie, have you seen a shrink lately, cuz I think you're having delusions of grandeur or some other mental break with reality as you attempt to define people you have never even met.
Begging your pardon, but I have to day that when it comes to believers, their god is a reflection of them, not of anything else. there are many kind and wonderful believers, who just so happen to believe in a kind and wonderful God. Other people are loveless, obsessed with sex, and the sexual behavior of others, and their god just so happens to be loveless, ridged and so concerend with the sexual behavior of others.  If you really knew God Trebor, you would understand that it is the goal of every believer to become a closer reflection of God, not the other way around. You see, God created us in His image, we didn't create Him in ours. But why would I expect an atheist to comprehend that? And my God is a God of unconditional Love who died so that we might have life and have it more abundantly. But we must accept that free gift. Denying He even exists isn't the way into His good graces. But I don't want to be accused of preaching so i wont ask you to accept jesus as your personal Savior as only He is the way to eternal life. Ok? emoticon_xgood
You know.. you keep on saying 'unconditional love', then you keep yapping about conditions, and showing 'god hates' rather than 'god loves'. What you claim "God" would do does not match the 'unconditional love'. It matches your personal quirks, and prejudices.  You are more than enough reason to reject the God that you claim you worship. SO full of contradictions.  If you knew God then you would understand Him also. And you would understand me when I describe His grace, love and mercy towards us, His children. And you would understand that it is you who is questioning and rejecting Him and not Him who is rejecting you at any time. But you don't know Him so my words are foreign to you. How sad it is but true none the less.
they invented this thing called a mirror. ever heard of it?  you are the one, who having never met me, nor knowing anything about my real life experiences, accused me of being a fraud and never being a true believer. so by the same token, who are you to tell me anything about the authenticity of my experiences?  That's because as one who knows the truth about what is required to have a real and living relationship with God, I know what you describe is false and deceitful. Also, true believers who have known the living God don't just decide one day that He never existed. It would be like living with ones father since birth and then one day just deciding that DAD no longer exists. The assertion is preposterous and yet you make it.  and yes, your relationship with god is fake. god doesnt exist, so any relationship with god is purely imaginary. if your evidence of god's existence is seeing rain stop falling upon christians praying for it to stop, then you have the same prayer/answer ratio as any other religion, which also on occassion have their prayers "answered" immediately while they pray. its interesting how easy it is for you to rationalize the 999 other instances when you prayed and got no answer as "well, god will answer in his time", yet the one time out of a thousand when the answer and prayer coincide, its evidence that god answers prayer. if the rain had stopped falling at any time it would be counted as evidence that god answers prayer. wow   emoticon_smile emoticon_rolleyes emoticon_xangel emoticon_smile There you go again making assertions you obviously know nothing about. It takes great gaul to insist that someone you have never met doesn't exist. But wait, you first said you had a personal relationship with Him so you could validly break up with Him. Just admit you are so screwed up you have no clue as to what you mean or are talking about. Because the way you have contradicted yourself through out this tirade, it has become painfully obvious that you just said what you thought you had to say to justify your baseless argument.
You understand God. You have the intellectual capacity to converse with an omniscient being.  You also implore this infinitely wise being to have the rain stop at a particular time, since it may not have occured to him that it was an inopportune time.  Your egotism truly has no bounds.  When did I say I implored Him to make the rain stop? I was just one of 30,000 people holding hands in prayer as a Pastor on stage COMMANDED IT TO STOP. And it did and the Sun broke through before he finished speaking the words. As I said, at the time that that happened I still hadn't even accepted the Lord into my life yet. But that same night at 9:30 around a campfire I did. That was august 16th 1975. I will also tell you this Bill, the power of the Holy Spirit in that place was overwhelming and awe inspiring. But to describe it is impossible and neither could you understand or appreciate it.
I know you won't think I'm impartial on this one, but I think thelmoose has nailed your source pretty precisely. I've known plenty of atheists, but never any whose atheism was motivated by thoughts like  These are exactly the kind of sentiments fervent believers ascribe to atheists: you'll never hear atheists actually professing them. Our reasons for not believing lie entirely elsewhere.  So you DON'T consider yourself the ultimate authority on YOUR life? These things that writer is saying are some of the very things I hear argued toward Christianity by atheists pretty often--things like Christians yielding unquestioning to authority, or that Christians shouldn't have their morality determined by an idea of God. Based on the arguments I hear from atheists, it seems the author was the one who nailed it. If atheists don't think the way this author subscribed, then some are flat out lying in the way they sometimes argue against Christians.
He took authority over the rain and he commanded it to stop, but of course he did it in Jesus name as all things must be asked in His name. I didn't think I had to precisely state each step of the process for you. But considering it's you and this is a game of catch em if you can. I should have known better.
This is not the same thing at all as those atheists declaring that these issues led them to atheism.  I'd very much like to see a source where an atheist - not, please, a christian professing once to have been an atheist - states that avoidance of divine authority over her/his life was a motivating factor in choosing atheism. Over to you.  So you're saying that ascribing authority to the divine is not a reason you or other atheists choose atheism? (Is that not part of what belief in God is??) Doesn't the same also apply to ascribing morality? And why would atheists choose against religion for ONE reason, then argue something DIFFERENT against it? (You're essentially drawing a distinction there!) What the author is saying seems to just be another way of stating the very things that atheists disagree with in terms of religious belief.
First of all, why would you think atheists have the same reasons for rejecting theism? You really have to deal with atheists on a one-to-one level. What works (or doesn't) for John Hanks is not necessarily what suits or displeases me, which is not necessarily what... etc.  Ok, well in that case, then the author of the article should be given latitude--taken on a one-on-one level for his own reasons, rather than the way Thelmoose and JH are approaching it.
No, I said wanting to evade or deny divine authority is not a reason why I or other atheists I know choose atheism. If god exists, it has authority. How could that not be so? But I have never met or heard of an atheist who rejects the god hypothesis because she/he wishes not to submit to that authority.  fine, but I think it's also important to note that was only one single thing the author said. You've zero-ed in on that one assertion, but he said a number of other things too such as how he got past the whole deal of there being evil and suffering in the world (another thing I hear atheists bring up a lot). What I read is that he simply found some of the more "classical" arguments over the existence of God to be compelling enough to go with belief in God. Frankly, I do too (as do MANY people in the world), so I don't see what the big problem here is. You don't find them compelling enough, and it's understandable that not everyone is going to come the same conclusions.  But the real point here is that there indeed are people who come to different conclusions than you have. There's a rather arrogant (IMO) mindset out there that if one hasn't come to the conclusion of atheism then they really haven't even considered the question, or that anyone who claims to have done so is really not the real deal (a "ringer planted by the Christians" emoticon_rolleyes ). And to associate other conclusions with "self-delusion" rather than accepting the reality that some people come to different conclusions is equally arrogant.   ------------------------------------  On a separate note ....  I also want to address this "victim" idea (if you will) from earlier of "social repercussions" or "painfulness" (the terms Thelmoose used) that converts to atheism might go through, that only tells one side of the story. I think it should be pointed out that there are atheists here, for instance, who condescend to Christians nearly every single day over their beliefs, right here in these forums. It's happened right here in this thread. And on a much broader scale, it seems like people such as Hitchens take any chance they can to belittle believers in the media. Christians are called 'ignorant' and their beliefs are sometimes even portrayed as "mental illness" of some sort. So with all due respect, I don't think atheists are getting any shorter end of the stick here than anyone else. People tend to face some scrutiny at being different no matter what the issue. Sometimes others don't take differences very well, and that's just an unfortunate tendency in the human race, that's by no means limited to religious people or atheists either one. And I don't say this to downplay any 'pain' anyone has dealt with in changing their beliefs or getting rid of them.
For you to compare the interaction on this board, which you come to voluntarily, to the experience people have in their personal lives with friends and family is absurd.  It just goes to show how little experience you truly have with the issue, and does not reflect well on you at all.   I said, I'm not trying down-play anything here. But sorry, mean-spiritedness is mean-spiritedness--there's no more justification for intentional arrogance, name-calling, and condescending words here than there is in the realm of disagreement in one's "personal" life. Being an atheist no more gives you license to do so toward believers than their stance gives them to be so toward atheists.  And you keep beating your same dead horse about me having no "experience" or "understanding" when it comes to atheism. Well, no, I'm not an atheist--I haven't claimed to be one. Nor do I claim to have your experience and knowledge about all this. All I know is that I most certainly have gone through questioning and considered probably every argument against the validity of Christian belief and overall belief in God one could think of. I probably don't have your degree of experience, but that doesn't mean my views are inferior to yours.
Regarding the first section, one does not "accept atheism", you simply reject the idea in the belief in god when it does not make sense.   That's fine, if you prefer to call it that. IMO, there's no substantive difference between those two concepts. Absence-of-belief is no different substantively than belief-of-absence, in this context. I realise you prefer to call it "lack of belief in God" rather than "belief there is no God". But if I ask you "do you believe there is no God", chances are you're going to say yes. So I just don't see that it matters much either way. The difference is a case of semantic quibbling, IMO. Dictionaries define it both ways, so it's just a matter-of-opinion thing. I don't see what the fuss is over that, whether yours is a 'belief' or lack thereof. Either way, it's not like you're subscribing to something supernatural, even if you DO say it as "belief there is no god."  With respect to the moral aspect of belief, it makes no sense to reject a belief in god because you don't like the idea of this god dictating moral authority.  And if there is a supreme being, he makes the rules and my opinion doesn't count. I simply reject the idea of this being FIRST.  Why not [make no sense]? Isn't the idea that belief in the supernatural may dictate morality one of the things you don't like about belief in the supernatural? There's no way to separate belief in God from the idea that God affects morality. If he didn't, he wouldn't be God, after all. It comes with the territory, by default.  Those ridiculous philosophical arguments for the existence of god and all come from the point of view of the religious apologist. No atheist need a philosophical argument like that to reject what clearly seems like superstition.  Well, you may think they are "ridiculous" but a lot of people find them compelling. They are general-sense type arguments. For example, the "cosmological argument" is just another way of saying the existence of matter and energy may require a cause. I certainly see nothing any more compelling than the idea of a first-cause creator to settle that. Frankly I find it fascinating that you'd think the idea of the existence of matter and energy in the universe--in fact the universe itself--needing a first-cause to be "ridiculous". You may hold to OTHER ideas, but I don't think you're being fair to say that's "ridiculous".  My criticism of the story of the atheist-turned-believer is that it sounded fake. It smacked of all the unfounded criticisms of atheism that you routinely hear from believers. It simply didn't ring true.  That's interesting, because to me it smacked of all the arguments I hear from atheists against religion.  Now the second section. You are again off base. You aren't in the stadium. No one is saying "atheists are getting any shorter end of the stick here [more] than anyone else". I was merely commenting on Unkerpaulie's posts about how hard disillusionment can be (though greatly preferable to "illusionment" in the long run). It was also a recognition that there is an impediment to rejecting belief in god that comes when one realizes a potential significant loss of social support structure.   Why must you make this tit for tat? No one is suggesting victimhood. This is merely a comment on how life is hard sometime for some people. You seem to feel the need to note that if an atheist feels bad that you must make us all aware the religious types feel bad too. If there is any emotional consquences of rejecting theism, I don't think anyone is blaming anyone for them.  You seem to feel the need to proclaim" ME TOO". It isn't all about you jyoshu. Talk about claims of victimhood. If one criticizes religion on a religion debate forum, that NO ONE is holding a gun to your head to join, you claim foul. Grow up.  I don't think that's a very fair assessment, but I'm not going to argue with you on it because it's no more than different ways of seeing the situation. (Despite you even validating what I said by statements like "grow up" and the false assertion "about you", when I certainly DON'T think it's about me.) It was not my intention to belittle or downplay anything you or anyone else has experienced. But portraying the changing of one's views toward atheism (or as you view it: abandoning belief) as coming from a bad thing into a good thing, and being a painful process because of the way others view you over it gives a rather one-sided impression, IMO. Religion and spiritualism can be a wonderful thing, and with all the negativity religion gets here, I just think it's important to point that out. (Ok, I guess I did argue with you some on it. emoticon_xangel )
If you have no direct experience or knowledge of a subject, how can reasonably claim that your views are not inferior? I wouldn't claim than my views on astrophysics are superior to an astrophyscists because I've taken a physics class, looked at the stars, and talked about it on the internet. I also wouldn't claim that my views and understanding of you particular branch of Christianity are as valid as yours either, that's unreasonable. How could they be?  I haven't claimed mine are as valid as yours. But I'm not sure what value there is in saying "you don't know anything about" subject X. Sure, an atheist is naturally probably going to know more about atheism than someone who's never been an atheist. So what? It's not like one has to have had an abortion to discuss or debate the topic of abortion.  The simple fact is, you've demonstrated both in this post and others, that you have a very poor grasp on atheism or what it means to be an atheist.  Fine. emoticon_xgood Maybe you're right. I'm sure I know less about it than you do.   At any rate, you've manged to completely hijack a post with your insatiable need to say "me too". Your constant pointing the finger and saying "yeah, but you guys do bad stuff too" is just childish, and that dead horse, is beat up.  With all due respect, if you were on a forum where atheism was constantly generalised about, misrepresented, portrayed in a completely one-sided light, likened to things like mental illness, and called delusional, I'd bet that you would pipe up too. For goodness' sake, this is a discussion forum. There's no more reason I should need to hold my tongue when I see something I consider incorrect or one-sided than there is for you to.
Many on the religious right claim a belief in the existence of Satan and blame him for many of the evils in this world. I am curious why people believe that Satan is responsible for those evils, not men and their weaknesses. Answers include but are not limited to:  People need a solution for the Problem of Evil.  People want to have an "objective" standard for good and evil.  God said it, I believe it, that settles it.
Good question, wrote a song about it a little while back and posted it here.  Goes a little something like this...
A Jungian might suggest such a stance. In other words, one (good) cannot exist without the other (evil).   I wonder what some of our more interesting christian friends (AA, GC) might have to say about such?  Why do people believe in the existence of Satan?  The simplest answer is because he EXISTS. And this pretty much defines what I believe about both Angels and demons/satan. It is supported with verses that explain what these beliefs are based on. Below this section in the link is the doctrine of demons and above it is the doctrine of Angels. I must also add that satans greatest trick in defeating people is to get them to believe he doesn't even exist in reality. It's impossible to stand against, or defeat an enemy one doesn't even believe exists.  http://rds.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0geu6pTIfVHgBsAXZlXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTBzdTNjcXU5BHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMTAEY29sbwNhYzIEdnRpZAM-/SIG=11vsiigfu/EXP=1207333587/**http%3a//www.bible.org/page.php%3fpage_id=388  The Doctrine of Satan  I. The Existence of Satan  A. Seven Old Testament books and every New Testament writer refer to Satan.  B. Jesus referred to Satan (Matt.13:39; Luke 10:18; 11:18).  II. The Personality and Names of Satan  A. Personality &#8211; He has intellect (2 Cor.11:3), emotions (Rev.12:17) and will (2 Tim.2:26.  B. Names &#8211; He is called Satan, the Devil (slanderer), Lucifer (son of the morning), Beelzebub (Lord of the flies &#8211; Matt.12:24), and Belial (lawless &#8211; 2 Cor.6:15), the evil one (1 John 5:19), the tempter (1 Thess.3:5), the prince of this world (John 12:31), the god of this age (2 Cor.4:4), the prince of the power of the air (Eph.2:2), the accuser of the brethren (Rev.12:10), and angel of light (false light &#8211; 2 Cor.11:14), a serpent (Rev.12:9), and a dragon (Rev.12:3).  III. The Nature of Satan  A. He is a created angelic being. He was created as part of the angelic realm (Eph.6:11,12; Ezek.24:18) and was the highest in rank of them all (Ezek.28:12-14).  B. He is an enemy of righteousness. He is a murderer (John 8:44), a liar (John 8:44), and accuser (Rev.12:10) and our adversary (1 Pet.5:8).  C. He is a limited creature. He is limited by God (Job.1:12). He is not God&#8217;s equal (1 John 4:4). He is not omniscient, omnipotent or infinite in any way. Believers with God&#8217;s help can resist him (James 4:7).  IV. The Fall of Satan  Key Passages &#8211; Ezekiel 28; Isaiah 14 A. Ezekiel 28:11-19 is a prophetic lamentation over the &#8220;King of Tyre&#8221; who is described in language that fits Satan&#8217;s fall and not a mere human king. Satan is distinguished form the human ruler of Tyre in 28:2 (&#8220;prince/ruler&#8221;) and called a &#8220;king&#8221; in 28:12 (Not even Israel&#8217;s rulers were called &#8220;King&#8221;). Though Tyre had a human &#8220;ruler&#8221;, Satan was the real &#8220;King&#8221; behind that wicked kingdom.  B. His attributes &#8211; Moral perfection (v.12) Sinless at his creation until his fall (v.15)  C. His appearance &#8211; Perfect in beauty (v.12b,13)  1. His privileges &#8211; Free access to the garden of Eden (v.12) and to God&#8217;s holy mountain (= God&#8217;s presence &#8211; v.14)  2. His rank &#8211; &#8220;Cherub&#8221; (vs.14,16)  3. His judgment &#8211;  a. Cast out of the mountain of God (v.16, cf. Rev12:4)  b. Cast to the ground (v.17)  c. Consumed by fire (v.18, cf. Rev.20:10)  D. Isaiah 14:12-15 also seems to describe Satan&#8217;s fall. Satan is manifest here by the king of Babylon. As in Ezekiel 28, Satan is pictured here as the real &#8220;king&#8221; behind the wicked human kingdom of Babylon.  1. The imagery of a &#8220;star&#8221; and &#8220;falling from heaven&#8221; (v.12) suggests a supernatural fulfillment. &#8220;Stars&#8221; (v.12,13) are symbolic of the angelic realm elsewhere (Job 38:6,7; Rev.12:4).  2. The five &#8220;I will&#8217;s&#8221; of vss. 13 & 14 are literally true of Satan and only metaphorically true of Babylon&#8217;s king. This ultimate form of pride (&#8220;I will be like the Most High&#8221; &#8211; v.14) fits the New Testament description of Satan&#8217;s fall 1 Tim.3:6.  V. The Activity of Satan  Satan is seeking to oppose God&#8217;s plan by promoting evil in every way possible.  A. Indirect Activity &#8211; He works indirectly through the world (in which he has great freedom and power &#8211; John 12:31; 1 John 5:19) and the flesh (Gal.5:19-21). The world, the flesh and the devil are not three separate enemies of the Christian. Rather Satan works through the evil world system (1 John 2:13-15) to exploit the fleshly nature that still wars within us (Rom.7:18; Gal.5:19-21).    Diagram: Norm Geisler  B. Direct Activity &#8211; He works directly by deception, temptation, attack and possession.  1. In Christ&#8217;s ministry  a. He tempted Christ (Matt.4:1-11).  b. He attempted to thwart Christ&#8217;s work (John 8:44; Matt.16:23; Luke 22:31).  c. He possessed Judas to accomplish the betrayal (John 13:27).  2. In unbelievers  a. He blinds their minds to hinder their understanding of the gospel (2 Cor.4:4).  b. When the gospel is heard or understood, he tries to hinder its effect (Luke 8:12).  c. He uses persecution (Rev.2:10) and false religions (Rev.2:13) to hinder the effect of the gospel.  3. In believers  a. He tempts believers (to pride &#8211; 1 Chron.21:1-8; to materialism &#8211; John 2:15; James 5:1-7; to immorality &#8211; 1 Cor.7:5; to lie &#8211; Acts 5:3; to discouragement &#8211; 1 Pet.5:6-10; to be unforgiving &#8211; 2 Cor.2:10,11 etc.).  b. He hinders the ministries of believers (1 Thess.2:18; Rev.2:10).  c. He promotes false teaching among believers (1 John 4:1-4).  d. He promotes anger, bitterness and division (Eph.4:26,27; 2 Cor.2:5-11). Note: See the supplement &#8211; &#8220;Satanic Activity and Spiritual Warfare&#8221; for more information on how Satan and his demons work and how we must respond.
Of course, if you wanted to invent a boogey man to scare people with that's exactly what you'd way about him. And you did dodge the question. You think Satan is real because, you say, he exists. But why do you think he exists? It seems that the sole reason you think so is that the Bible says so; why didn't you just say that to begin with? Surely you're not ashamed to say that you believe something just because the Bible says so and for no other reason, right?  So you're assuming that the bible invented him, and that's ok kronus. You are free to believe whatever you want to. The question was asked and I answered it and supported my answer with scriptural evidence that supports what I believe and why I believe it. I definitely didn't expect to convince you unbelievers about anything so hopefully you'll just read the link I posted and make of it what you will regarding satan, angels and demons. So good luck with it. Any further input from me would just be a waste of time as I have nothing at all to defend.
Many on the religious right claim a belief in the existence of Satan and blame him for many of the evils in this world. I am curious why people believe that Satan is responsible for those evils, not men and their weaknesses. If you believe that Satan exists, can you give a specific example of some human event where you think he had to have played a role?  Oh, we already know a bunch of events that he played a role in. They even made it into a song!  Please allow me to introduce myself  I'm a man of wealth and taste  I've been around for long, long years  Stole many man's soul and faith   And I was 'round when Jesus Christ  Had his moment of doubt and pain  Made damn sure that Pilate  Washed his hands and sealed his fate   Pleased to meet you  Hope you guess my name  But what's puzzling you  Is the nature of my game   I stuck around St. Petersburg  When I saw it was a time for a change  Killed the Czar and his ministers  Anastasia screamed in vain   I rode a tank  Held a general's rank  When the blitzkrieg raged  And the bodies stank   Pleased to meet you  Hope you guess my name, oh yeah  Ah, what's puzzling you  Is the nature of my game, oh yeah  (woo woo, woo woo)   I watched with glee  While your kings and queens  Fought for ten decades  For the gods they made  (woo woo, woo woo)   I shouted out,  "Who killed the Kennedys?"  When after all  It was you and me  (who who, who who)   Let me please introduce myself  I'm a man of wealth and taste  And I laid traps for troubadours  Who get killed before they reached Bombay  (woo woo, who who)   Pleased to meet you  Hope you guessed my name, oh yeah  (who who) But what's puzzling you  Is the nature of my game, oh yeah, get down, baby  (who who, who who)   Pleased to meet you  Hope you guessed my name, oh yeah  But what's confusing you  Is just the nature of my game  (woo woo, who who)   Just as every cop is a criminal  And all the sinners saints  As heads is tails  Just call me Lucifer  'Cause I'm in need of some restraint  (who who, who who)   So if you meet me  Have some courtesy  Have some sympathy, and some taste  (woo woo) Use all your well-learned politesse  Or I'll lay your soul to waste, um yeah  (woo woo, woo woo)   Pleased to meet you  Hope you guessed my name, um yeah  (who who) But what's puzzling you  Is the nature of my game, um mean it, get down  (woo woo, woo woo)   Woo, who  Oh yeah, get on down  Oh yeah  Oh yeah!  (woo woo)   Tell me baby, what's my name  Tell me honey, can ya guess my name  Tell me baby, what's my name  I tell you one time, you're to blame   Oh, who  woo, woo  Woo, who  Woo, woo  Woo, who, who  Woo, who, who  Oh, yeah   What's my name  Tell me, baby, what's my name  Tell me, sweetie, what's my name   Woo, who, who  Woo, who, who  Woo, who, who  Woo, who, who  Woo, who, who  Woo, who, who  Oh, yeah  Woo woo  Woo woo  ~Sympathy for the Devil; by the Rolling Stones  :) ;)
I thought Satan's greatest trick was to get people to think he was God and worship him in their churches.  Seems to be what most 'Christians' are doing.  @GiantOreo linky Sympathy From the Devil   It's true about my taste and it's true about my wealth But the sins you have were all caused by yourself And you can't find salvation in a book upon the shelf  I never started any wars I never slept with any whores I don't spread my faith by knocking on any doors  I never ate any apple that hung from any tree I shouted out my warnings as plainly as can be But in the end it's all the same as they simply blame me  Blame Me. MuWaahaa-Haaa Blame Me.  Is your daddy the one who beat you with his belt Dejected and rejected I know just how you felt At least you don't know how brimstone really smelt  Oh how the mighty have such a long way to fall How do you apologize when He won't answer your call The Prodigal son just isn't the story that I saw.  Don't kid yourself son you know it's all the same You're just another piece in His indecipherable game And when He's done playing He'll leave you with all the blame  Blame Me. MuWaahaa-Haaa Blame Me.  I'm not saying that I'm free from any guilt But upon my hands no blood was ever spilt Upon who's body was His temple really built  When you open your mouth when you're down on your knees Think of who's the one whom you're really there to please Mass and Communal service that's not for the Jeez  I'm sorry my son, you have my deepest sympathy You're just another pawn and it's plain for all to see But if it makes any difference you can simply blame me.  Blame Me. MuWaahaa-Haaa Blame Me.
My question wasn't simply whether you believe in him but why you think it is not men and their weaknesses that are responsible for the evil in the world, and whether you can give examples of evil acts that we know of in our history in which Satan had to have played a role.  Do you think that all evil acts are influenced by Satan? What role do you think is played by men's weaknesses? Do you think that weak people lack the imagination to think up cruel acts and that it is only Satan that can inspire them to those deeds?  Since the beginning, in the Garden of Eden, Lucifer was determined to destroy humanity because we were made in the likeness of God with free will which no Angels were created with, including satan. Ever since then we have been in a spiritual battle against this creature. Although he has many powers we don't have, he is limited by God of what he is able to do to us. The link I posted explains all of your questions regarding what satan can and can't do in tempting mankind.  Eph 6:10 Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of His might. Eph 6:11 Put on the full armor of God, so that you will be able to stand firm against the schemes of the devil. Eph 6:12 For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the powers, against the world forces of this darkness, against the spiritual {forces} of wickedness in the heavenly {places.}
And this just brings us back to the old question as to how Lucifer (an angel with no free will) could be determined to destroy humanity. Surely that would take free will.  Unless, of course, God (who made Lucifer) is determined to destroy mankind. Yep, that makes more sense.  Smley  If you understood the nature of free will, you wouldn't ask such a question.
I do understand that your belief comes from scripture. However, do you never look at our experienced world and do any direct analysis? That was what I was getting at with my questions, which I will repeat below:  1) Can you give examples of evil acts that we know of in our history in which Satan had to have played a role. (Examples might include the Holocaust, specific wars, etc.)  I can think of many examples of satanic influence on World events and on personal human sins. But it is impossible to prove their source so discussing them is pointless as nobody here would believe it anyway. suffice it to say, he is very active in shaping World events and as the prince of the air also has power over weather and the natural World.  2) Do you think that all evil acts are influenced by Satan?   Most definitely, but not exclusively. It isn't as though Man plays no part in our own rebellion against God.   3) What role do you think is played by men's weaknesses?   The natural man has absolutely no defenses against the wiles of the devil. They are nothing more than ignorant pawns to be picked off in the War against God. It's like fighting a war and a large part of the population is caught sleeping by the enemy and killed without ever knowing they were in a battle for their lives. Such is the outcome for the Natural Man in this spiritual battle humanity is in with the demonic forces which seek to destroy us all.   4) Do you think that weak people lack the imagination to think up cruel acts and that it is only Satan that can inspire them to those deeds?  History has shown that there is no end to the limits of mans ability to think up cruel acts. But whether mans heart and soul could naturally be so dark and corrupted as to do some of the atrocities that have been documented is another question altogether. Sin is a cancer that eats away at the unsaved mans soul, and the result of those sins is the carnage it leaves behind, and satan plays as big a part in tempting that person as he is allowed to play by that person who has no defenses against him at all. 
Please educate me.  How can a 'being' with no free will rebel against its creator?  Smiley  Simply put, free will isn't about satans ability to sin against God, but is about his inability to be forgiven for sinning against God. Because Angels had no free will, they had no avenue for being forgiven as humanity did. That is what being made in Gods image means for us and is what separates us from the Angelic Hosts.
If you understood the nature of free will, you wouldn't ask such a question. This is like the "you'll understand why you believe once you believe; meanwhile, I can't justify my claim" argument. It is vacuous.
Anyone else notice that the question has yet to be answered?
Anyone else notice that the question has yet to be answered?  I haven't seen any intelligent question being asked. Care to clarify?
Please educate me. How can a 'being' with no free will rebel against its creator? Smiley Simply put, free will isn't about satans ability to sin against God, but is about his inability to be forgiven for sinning against God. Because Angels had no free will, they had no avenue for being forgiven as humanity did. That is what being made in Gods image means for us and is what separates us from the Angelic Hosts. As is often the case, the apologetic response is to redefine the very meaning of the word in the first place to make it mean something that most people don't associate with the word.  free will n. The ability or discretion to choose; free choice: chose to remain behind of my own  http://www.answers.com/topic/free-will  free will n.  1. The ability or discretion to choose; free choice: chose to remain behind of my own free will. 2. The power of making free choices that are unconstrained by external circumstances or by an agency such as fate or divine will. http://www.thefreedictionary.com/free+will  free will 1 : voluntary choice or decision <I do this of my own free will<  2 : freedom of humans to make choices that are not determined by prior causes or by divine intervention  http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary  free will The question of free will is whether, and in what sense, rational agents exercise control over their actions and decisions. Addressing this question requires understanding the relationship between freedom and cause, and determining whether the laws of nature are causally deterministic. The various philosophical positions taken differ on whether all events are determined or not-determinism versus indeterminism-and also on whether freedom can coexist with determinism or not-compatibilism versus incompatibilism. So, for instance, hard determinists argue that the universe is deterministic, and that this makes free will impossible.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_will   I have NEVER seen anybody define "free will" as Archie is attempting to do...  Archie's definition is like saying "I can't make Jane sleep with me, therefore I have no free will". Just because Satan can't force God to forgive doesn't mean there is no "free will". Furthermore, your reply is PURE obfuscation of the actual question being raised.  You say ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about how a being without free will can "rebel" against its creator. The simple and logical approach to the issue is that if the entity lacks free will, then obviously its actions against the omniscient and omnipotent creator are purely a result of the CREATOR'S DESIGN for what he meant the entity to do in the first place.  (All of this is going over Archie's head...)
foundits definitions of free will as they apply to Man from a secular perspective are right on the money. But our question isn't about how free will applies to MAN, but how it applies to Angels. Angels don't have free will as man does, but neither is their hierarchy anything like that of Mans. So to define how free will applies to humanity and then apply it to Angels is to completely miss the mark.  Remember, what I said is that Fallen Angels have no vehicle for forgiveness. I will add that their time is limited as are those things that God will allow them to do. You see, if angels had free will as Man does; then when they sinned, they could be forgiven as we can be.   So free will according to Gods Law is more than freedom to act, it is also the freedom to be forgiven for those acts. Only MAN who was made in Gods image possesses that attribute.
The ONLY thing that that I've heard that comes close to what Archie is thusly...  Man does not Know if God exists, so is free to deny Him and still seek forgiveness for that error.  Satan (and all angelic critters) KNOW God exists and have interacted with Him, thus their denial of Him is unforgivable.  ...of course, once man is dead, he'll 'know' and won't be afforded forgiveness for his mistake.   Not quite what Archie is pushing on 'free will' but surmizes the forgiveness issue.
foundits definitions of free will as they apply to Man from a secular perspective are right on the money. But our question isn't about how free will applies to MAN, but how it applies to Angels. More apologetic double-speak malarkey. "Free will" has the same definition regardless of the subject matter. You are simply looking for some feeble excuse to try and justify your previous re-definitions.   Angels don't have free will as man does, but neither is their hierarchy anything like that of Mans. So to define how free will applies to humanity and then apply it to Angels is to completely miss the mark. It's bizarre to watch this unfold. The truth is that your whole explanation works in some sense if you replace "free will" with another word. But you insist on trying to make the square peg fit in the round hole, because only then can you think it all sounds credible.   Remember, what I said is that Fallen Angels have no vehicle for forgiveness. I will add that their time is limited as are those things that God will allow them to do. You see, if angels had free will as Man does; then when they sinned, they could be forgiven as we can be. More double-speak. It's like saying "Well, it's a bouncy ball, so it has to be red. Since the square block is not a bouncy ball, then it can't be red" You have assumed your own conclusion in your logic. It isn't "free will" that allows this.  Furthermore, GOD HIMSELF chooses whether to forgive or not. Saying "God does not forgive because angels because they don't have free will" is insane. It's denying that an omnipotent God has the capability to "forgive" his own creation. Such a pretense is based on STUBBORNNESS, if it even exists...   So free will according to Gods Law is more than freedom to act, it is also the freedom to be forgiven for those acts. Only MAN who was made in Gods image possesses that attribute. And more double-speak. "It bounces, therefore it must be red! And if you label the color of the bouncing ball as "blue", then you're wrong and you are ignorant unless you believe..." :p
The ONLY thing that that I've heard that comes close to what Archie is thusly... Man does not Know if God exists, so is free to deny Him and still seek forgiveness for that error. Satan (and all angelic critters) KNOW God exists and have interacted with Him, thus their denial of Him is unforgivable. ...of course, once man is dead, he'll 'know' and won't be afforded forgiveness for his mistake.  Not quite what Archie is pushing on 'free will' but surmizes the forgiveness issue. Interesting theological approach! emoticon_idea   I'm betting Archie starts to declare that is precisely what he meant... emoticon_rolleyes
I can't be anymore clear than I have been foundit. If you consider what I've said double speak then we have nothing more to discuss. So by all means believe what you will as it's my responsibility to tell you the truth as i know it to be, but not to argue with you until I convince of of my way of thinking. Because we both know that's not going to happen.  To Zardoz,  your way of explaining it is reasonable from a scriptural perspective in that Angels DID fellowship directly with God so they can't sin in ignorance as Man does in our human ignorance. That could very well be one aspect of Gods thinking in not allowing forgiveness for them. Remember that they were created to serve God and not to fellowship as we were though, so that is the main difference between our station and Angels. But that doesn't completely explain why man can be forgiven, which I maintain is because we were made in Gods image and Angels weren't.
The only hole I'm digging is by trying to reason with people who have no spiritual insight or understanding at all. So you believe what you will, and I'll believe what I know to be true. emoticon_xbye
The only hole I'm digging is by trying to reason with people who have no spiritual insight or understanding at all. And you define this "spiritual insight" as the ability to blindly swallow even the most illogical tripe ever presented that you're so pround of, right?
And you define this "spiritual insight" as the ability to blindly swallow even the most illogical tripe ever presented that you're so pround of, right?  What would you know about logic or spiritual insight? emoticon_confused
What would you know about logic or spiritual insight? emoticon_confused I know boatloads more about logic than do you. And I know enough about "spiritual insight" to know that it is logically indefensible.
I know boatloads more about logic than do you. And I know enough about "spiritual insight" to know that it is logically indefensible.  Oh well, once again you said it so that settles it, right? You say that "spiritual insight" is logically indefensible, proving you have no common sense what so ever. I mean, how logical is it to reject out of hand the existence of an insight just because it's beyond you to recognize it?
Oh well, once again you said it so that settles it, right? Well, I've got... pretty much every exchange we've ever had here on 4forums to back me up.  You say that "spiritual insight" is logically indefensible, proving you have no common sense what so ever. This from Mr. "You Said It, So That Settles It"? You don't even show a line of reasoning, you simply declare "A, therefore B." What poppycock. And hypocrisy. Classic Archieism. Such "spiritual insight" is what makes people do things like lambaste, harass, and abuse gays and murder innocent people and feel like they're doing the Lord's work. Unless you think these things are good, then "spiritual insight" cannot be perceived as a reliable source of revelation.  I mean, how logical is it to reject out of hand the existence of an insight just because it's beyond you to recognize it? I don't deny that people think they have spiritual insights, much in the same way I don't deny that some people are delusional and truly believe nonsensical things despite the evidence. The question is whether these "insights" have any necessary basis in reason or reality. As demonstrated by counterexample above, the answer is no.
I know boatloads more about logic than do you. And I know enough about "spiritual insight" to know that it is logically indefensible.  Sure lyteboy, you're a legend in your own mind; but you don't impress me at all with your very limited and shallow World view. You see, spiritual insight isn't something people just know about, it's a quality one either has or doesn't have. And you don't have it or you would understand the nature of God and what He did to redeem humanity.
Archangel, do you actually expect to win a discussion by, effectively, claiming divine inspiration for your point of view? Even among other people who share your particular variation on Christianity you will must encounter scepticism if the basis of your argument is claiming to be closer to God than your opponent. Not to mention that it comes across as more than a little arrogant.
Archangel, do you actually expect to win a discussion by, effectively, claiming divine inspiration for your point of view? Even among other people who share your particular variation on Christianity you will must encounter scepticism if the basis of your argument is claiming to be closer to God than your opponent. Not to mention that it comes across as more than a little arrogant.  It doesn't take much to be closer to God than an atheist Jo. Besides, post where I said I was divinely inspired at all. What i do claim is to have a personal relationship with God through the indwelling of His Holy Spirit by way of my accepting Jesus Christ as my personal Savior. And that is exactly what the Gospel promises is the route to salvation.  So I'm not claiming anything that's unique or different from multiple millions of other believers in our Lord, who died for all of our sins. Any spiritual insights I have come from the Holy Spirit which indwells me and not of myself at all. But what I do know for certain based on what he believes in and say's is that electrolyte is no deeper than a puddle of dirty sludge in a grease pit. And that's a fact jack. er, I mean jo.   So I'm not arrogant at all because I don't claim my knowledge comes from within me at all. What is arrogant is that a finite being like lyte and these other atheists, claim to speak of, and define eternal subjects which they have no real understanding of. That is the epitome of arrogance.  And one more thin Jo, I don't expect to win anything here because this is a debate forum where people give opinions, not some lottery where prizes are given out or won.
And you define this "spiritual insight" as the ability to blindly swallow even the most illogical tripe ever presented that you're so pround of, right?  I am amused at the type of "spiritual insight" which revolves around believing WHAT OTHER PEOPLE TELL YOU TO THINK. That's not "insight".  This whole issue revolves around you trying to redefine the word "free will" to mean something that you WILL NEVER be able to find a dictionary definition for substantiating your position.  It also revolves around you trying to obfuscate the issue so that you IGNORE the fact that the underlying question ACTUALLY revolves around a "lack of free will" and the capability to "rebel". You keep trying to shift the conversation to "forgiveness" because you haven't any "insight" to actually and honestly address what the REAL question is.  Talking about whether or not God "forgives" the angels does NOTHING to address the issue of whether or not angels can "rebel" when they supposedly have no free will...
I find lyte's and foundit's level of Topanga Awareness (which you get by being rational and logical by flushing away cultic clap-trap) to be top notch.  Of course, they must strive to get closer to th truth to enhance their Prissy Perception.
Sure lyteboy, you're a legend in your own mind; A common "insult" thrown out by you. The thing is, I'm not even a legend in my own mind, except perhaps by comparison to certain people...  but you don't impress me at all with your very limited and shallow World view. I'm not here to impress you. I was originally here to show you how illogical some of your positions are. You've since shown that you have no interest in logic, so I just have fun beating you to a pulp with the Truth Stick of No Mercy.  You see, spiritual insight isn't something people just know about, it's a quality one either has or doesn't have. And you don't have it or you would understand the nature of God and what He did to redeem humanity. I love this. You have to be a cult member in order to want to be a cult member. Outsiders just don't understand... It's like saying, "You have to drink the poisoned kool-aid if you want to know why you should drink the poisoned kool-aid, but if you don't know why you should drink the poisoned kool-aid, you're a closed-minded jackass; if I can't defend my position based on the rules of logic, it must be because logic is wrong!"  More importantly, why didn't you address anything from my more recent post instead of quoting an older one?  Any spiritual insights I have come from the Holy Spirit which indwells me and not of myself at all. Which is essentially the same thing many of the people locked up in your local loony bin and those pleading insanity say, too.  But what I do know for certain based on what he believes in and say's is that electrolyte is no deeper than a puddle of dirty sludge in a grease pit. And that's a fact jack. Oh, look, an insulting assertion. Care to back up this assertion? I mean, you stated it in no uncertain terms, yet you show no reasoning or argumentation. Par for the Archie course. On the other hand, why make the argument that the person who repeatedly beats your XXX senseless on these forums is so shallow? What does that say about you?  What is arrogant is that a finite being like lyte and these other atheists, claim to speak of, and define eternal subjects which they have no real understanding of. That is the epitome of arrogance. But you say the same things about the Flying Spaghetti Monster. How dare you?! You clearly don't understand the wonder of His Noodly Appendage. What arrogance! emoticon_rolleyes
the Truth Stick of No Mercy &#8482;.  No lyte, I had it perfectly right. You are truly a legend in your own mind. Especially since you're so convinced you're always right when you don't even have a clue. But you go ahead and keep insisting how smart you are; maybe someday, even you'll believe it, and then you'll be able to stop telling everyone else about it.   Also, I noticed your little TM, am I correct in assuming that you are so anal about your home made cliche's that you want us to believe you have trademarked this one? emoticon_smile emoticon_rolleyes ;) One thing I'll say for you; you're good for comedy relief at least.
So Archie, tell me how can a being with no free will rebel against its creator (or anything, for that matter)?  Hmm?  Smiley  Go waste someone else's time smiley. I've told you what I believe and it is obviously beyond you to comprehend it so let's just agree to disagree, ok? Your baiting is tiresome, and so is your trolling.
Archie, a few tips.  1) It's ridiculous to try to give proclamations on "truth" when you can't even be trusted to accept simple definitions of words. When you try to add to or redefine words, you lose all hope of being able to maintain a "truth" claim.  2) Your BELIEF does not equate to "truth". Other people who have competing beliefs are not "ignorant" because they do not share your BELIEFS. It would be helpful if you would stop trying to insert words like "truth" or "ignorant" in your responses when we are talking about your PERSONAL BELIEFS which you have no real independent evidence for.  3) The whole stance of "you can't understand unless you believe" is absurd. It's an attempt to beg the question by assuming the answer is true before you even can approach the question. I don't understand why you continue with that approach, and how you can't see that it is inherently doomed to fail. If that scenario ("you can't understand unless you believe") is real, then HOW is it possible to convert anybody to the belief in the first place? emoticon_rolleyes  4) Your arguments are not difficult to understand.  I repeat, your arguments are not difficult to understand. They are difficult to accept as credible or worthy of belief.  I think the real problem here is that you either cannot comprehend or refuse to address the problems others have with your statements. Smiley's question is excellent for getting at the heart of why some of us are having problems with your "free will" approach. Smiley: "Do you not agree that the ability to be forgiven is in fact grace rather than free will?"  If you had any real interest in "converting" anybody, you would do well to honestly and openly address that question.
No lyte, I had it perfectly right. You are truly a legend in your own mind. Well, I unequivocally denied this, so now you're just calling me a liar. Can you support your assertion?  Also, I noticed your little TM, am I correct in assuming that you are so anal about your home made cliche's that you want us to believe you have trademarked this one? Nope. If I actually registered it as a trademark, I'd use the . It's a phrase introduced to me by a friend, and I like it, so I've adopted it. The  is more a personal way to recognize his turn of the phrase, but it adds character, too, regardless of the fact that some people here don't recognize that.  One thing I'll say for you; you're good for comedy relief at least. So you make an assumption, poke fun at me because you've made a faulty assumption, then told me how funny I am based on your faulty assumption. Let me assure you that your assumptions don't really make an XXX out of me...
Mormons believe that Satan is the brother of Jesus.  Theres a difference between most Mormons and regular people.
Gotta ask. If god is all knowing and all powerful, why does Satan exist? He knew Satan would be evil, yet he still "created" him? Then, he can't get rid of Satan. Makes no sense whatsoever.  If any human attempts to answer in God's stead, that person would likely not be qualified to answer. One can speculate however.  God already had angels within his kingdom when he made man. Some angels felt that God loved his humans more than themselves. In their jealous vanity, they rebelled against God. Bad idea, considering his power and all. God hates vanity. Thus he condemned Satan to rule over hell.  When man disobeyed God's rule concerning partaking of the fruit of knowledge, God made a pact with man that gave him the burden of choice. He must choose right from wrong. Suffer the consequences of bad choices, reap the benefits of righteousness. Satan just happens to be there to take care of those who choose the wrong path.  One mistake humans seem to make often is considering themselves capable of understanding the logic of God. Of course if one does not believe in God, no need to worry about it.
Ah, the extra biblical myths make life so interesting. It's full of ####, but it's interesting never the less. What people won't do so they can justify their beliefs.  I find this statement to be a little interesting. the logic of God.  Ummm...the God kinda Logic?
No Satan greatest trick is making people think that he does not exist.
No Satan greatest trick is making people think that he does not exist. Look, another baseless, unsupportable example of circular reasoning.  "There's no evidence that Satan exists." "That's because Satan hid all of the evidence!"  I can make the same argument about hobgoblins: Most people don't believe that hobgoblins exist because the hobgoblins are so good at making people not believe that hobgoblins exist.  Only the very dim accept this line of reasoning.
Your quiz consists of two multiple choice and an essay question. Let's begin:  1. Jesus was: A. a myth; invented by heretical Jews, he never existed. B. an ordinary man who attracted a following by performing "tricks" and making interesting statements; disengenuos and decieving his followers C. an amazing moral teacher, nothing more D. a complete madman. E. Other (limit your response to 50 words)  2. The resurrection story of Jesus is: A. a myth - see answer 'A' above. B. a legend that grew over time, well after anyone could have proven the legend false. C. a lie fabricated by his followers immediately after his death D. an honest misunderstanding; the Jews lost the body and were embarressed to admit their mistake while his followers were hallucinating E. Other (limit your response to 50 words)  Essay: Site at least two sources that were written within 200 years after the supposed resurrection date of A.D. 33 which support your responses to questions 1 & 2. (limit your response to 100 words) If you cannot provide any source material from this time period, please provide the two earliest sources. (Note, if you can only provide source material from the previous century, you may want to re-visit your answers for Questions 1 & 2)  Bonus Question: Who was the author of "The Iliad" and "The Odyssey" and how do we know? (limit your response to 50 words)   Thanks to all who respond.
1. Jesus was: E: a man who probably existed, perhaps even with good ideas about living. Stories about Jesus were embellished with ideas stolen or adapted from other religious and cultural stories.   2. The resurrection story of Jesus is: E: Complete bunk with no reliable supporting evidence.  Thank you for your response.   Essay: I cite: a) Rejected Gospels. People got to say whatever the hell they wanted about this "Jesus" fellow, if he existed. The events used to explain the circumstances of his birth are not merely nonsensical but contradictory to both the geography and the law/customs of the region. Jesus disappears for 30 years with nary a wonder of where the alleged son of God went. The books of the NT (GOSPELS) were agreed on due to their content being inspired by God. Anything "rejected" did not contain that inspiration.  b) The Bible. Despite offers of large cash rewards for anybody who can write a coherent timeline of the events surrounding the Resurrection without contradiction and without omission of information, nobody has been able to do this. The rising of the saints who were "seen throughout the town" surely should have been story fodder for years upon years, decades upon decades, centuries upon centuries, yet it seems from the rest of the evidence that the people saw the zombie saints and thought nothing of it.How can the Bible be used as a source while you deny the truth of its claims? What parts of the Bible are true, and how do you disguingish between the information that is true and not true?  I wonder how a modern court would view the testimony of 500 credible witnesses to a supernatural event?   Bonus Question: We don't know. We credit Homer for the silly reason that a blind guy telling epic stories makes for good imagery. The stories were likely oral traditions passed along and embellished repeatedly.   Why then is this not taught in history classes? Why are we taught AS FACT that Homer wrote them?   Pop Quiz for ServantOfChrist: Respond substantively to my dismantling of divine command theory in the slanderous thread you started months ago. No word limit.  Give a link to your objection and I'll take a look and get to responding when I have more time.
Oh, I know what he is trying to establish there.  I do want him to own up and admit what he is trying to establish. Don't expect him to, but hey, "miracles" happen (according to him). :p  In fact, as a return question, I'd like to ask him: does someone rely on the Odyssey to establish the existence of Pallas Athene, Circe or Calypso ? Because the Iliad and Odyssey do not claim to be divine does not mean they should be placed under a different threshold as the Bible. Otherwise, it's special pleading on your part, and thus logically fallacious.   This is one of many inconsistencies between skeptics in regards to the scrutiny of the Bible. They are unwilling to put the standards they have on the Bible against other books similar in age. If they did, there would not be a single book left standing.
Jesus was then what he is now: the Logos of God (Philo, quis rerum divinarum heres 42.405), the heavenly High Priest (Hebrews), the culmination of God's eternal plan (Ro. 16:25), the secret mystery only now, after his sacrifice, revealed through revelation and scripture (1 Cor 2:6-13).   A.   #1 is above. The Jesus myth came out of Hellenistic Judaism already heavily imbued with the ideas of the suffering servant (Isaiah 53) and the son of God subject to a shameful death (Wisdom of Solomon "Let us condemn him with a shameful death"). Paul refers to the "archons", the evil heavenly rulers of the age, as those who crucified Jesus (1 Cor 2:8) and extols the justice of the Romans (Ro. 13:1-3). The earliest layers of Q material do not refer to a death or resurrection (Kloppenborg). No earthly Jesus, no crucifixion, no death. It is all myth, man.    We don't know for sure. Traditionally thought to be Homer but is probably from oral tradition. Single authorship itself is disputed. Beyond that, I don't know much about it.  What is your point in asking this question?  Thank you for your reply.
 Bonus Question: We don't know. We credit Homer for the silly reason that a blind guy telling epic stories makes for good imagery. The stories were likely oral traditions passed along and embellished repeatedly.  To expound on my last post: And yet this is taken to be fact unanimously in our history books. Funny how easy this book gets a pass. If we think it's Homer then for this book, that's good enough. But not so with the Bible. There can be absolutely no kernel of uncertainty, which in ancient texts, ambiguity is unavoidable.  In regards to who wrote these books, the best evidence we have leads to Homer. Therefore, we decide it is almost certainly Homer who is the author. This is undisputed.  However, in regards to the Bible, skeptics overturn the use of Occam's Razor and require more than adequate proof of the Bible's claims. Even though the Bible is the most heavily documented writing of its day, still skeptics require more in order to believe the Gospels are actually true.  Double standard much?
Ah, but then, it might not have been Homer.  But then again, whether it was Homer or someone else, isn't earth shattering. It doesn't matter if it's 'earth shattering' or not. By admitting that we hold different standards for the Bible proves my entire point: hypocrisy on the part of skeptics.   Much like whether it was Julius Caesar who crossed the Rubicon, or a decoy of his. More proof to prove my point, thanks!   Now, if we found an account from Roman times of how Julius Caesar split the waters of the Rubicon by urinating in it so his troops could pass...Occam's Razor would not point towards accepting it as true.   It does not matter what the document contains! The same procedure should be done for every document. What the writing says is irrelevant to its authenticity! You wrongly use Occam's Razor as well. If the document is well preserved, has many copies, has copies relatively close to the original, etc, then the most likely assumption we can make is that the document itself is a valid source. Then and only then, should we examine the contents within and determine if they happened. We can do this through archaeological evidences and from other writings as well that agree with that one. Much of which we in fact do not have for many of Caesar's expeditions, but yet again, we accept them as fact in our history books.  But, it is funny that you should mention Caesar splitting a river. While he didn't do that, he did claim to have created a massive bridge in a very short time period and then destroyed it a few days later. Sounds like a pretty audacious claim from guys without any modern equipment. Should we discount this too because it 'doesn't seem practical' as we do with the bible despite the overwhelming documentation for it?  But here you are admitting that you set different standards 'depending on what the writing claims'. Thanks again for proving my point I guess.
The NT was compiled in the late 4th Century AD, being criticised at the time for the overtly political choice of which texts were included as Canon and which were rejected to become the Apocrypha. Further it is now generally accepted that the text was altered at a later date to comply with OT prophesy.  Like The Saxon Chronicles, King Arthur or Robin Hood there is too much romanticisation and mythologising to be certain of virtually anything in the text.  Actually the Apocrypha is made up of pre-Christian texts, and late 4th century is a bit of a stretch for the new testament, certainly all its component texts were widely accepted by the 2nd century. I don't whether it is "generally accepted" that the text was altered, it seems to me that you are projecting your own views based on the hypotheses of some scholars on to Biblical scholarship in general.
382 - 405 are the dates I have, under Pope Damasus I.  For the final compilation, yes, but the vast majority, certainly the Gospels and the first few Pauline epistles, were widely accepted long before that, and were regarded as authoritative in the early 2nd century. By all means quibble about 2 Peter, Hebrews and Revelation but don't try to claim the books of the Bible were selected politically in the 4th century, it simply doesn't fit the facts.
But you've missed the point that the disputes were over a tiny segment of the canon, not the vast majority and certainly not the Gospels.
Well, one of the requirements for inclusion in the canon was certainty of provenance, and the Gospels and Peter and Thomas, which I presume you are referring to, are not thought to be attributable to the named apostles, and hence were not considered authoritative.
After a bit of googling it would appear that there are 4 "extra-canonical gospels".  Of particular intrest is the Gospel of Peter as this refers to the resurection as Spiritual and not Bodily. This would suggest a major shift for the church and thus give a definate political motive for rejecting it by the Papacy. Which would also directly answer SoC's question 2. At the time of compilation the majority of the congregation would be illiterate and even fewer would be able to afford a copy of the bible which tells us that the target audience is the priesthood itself, ergo; the Papacy is censoring the text to it's own people. Given that the Papacy was in the process of assuming temporal power There are strong motivations for those involved to support a compilation that suggests this end and thus commonground between the the various suggested compilations doesn't lend any weight the choice not being political in nature.  Except that the Gospel of Peter dates from the late second century, long after Peter died and long after the canonical gospels and Paul's letters were written and circulating. Some of the letters of Paul date from as early as the late 50s AD, for example.
After a bit of googling it would appear that there are 4 "extra-canonical gospels".  Of particular intrest is the Gospel of Peter as this refers to the resurection as Spiritual and not Bodily. This would suggest a major shift for the church and thus give a definate political motive for rejecting it by the Papacy. Which would also directly answer SoC's question 2. At the time of compilation the majority of the congregation would be illiterate and even fewer would be able to afford a copy of the bible which tells us that the target audience is the priesthood itself, ergo; the Papacy is censoring the text to it's own people. Given that the Papacy was in the process of assuming temporal power There are strong motivations for those involved to support a compilation that suggests this end and thus commonground between the the various suggested compilations doesn't lend any weight the choice not being political in nature.  I don't know where you're getting any of your information Ripskar, but I notice you haven't supported anything you have said with theological sources. And nothing you have said here is true or accurate at all. Here is some TRUE info that is reliable.  http://www.biblestudy.org/beginner/ntbook-dates.html When were the Books of the New Testament Written?    30 A.D. 30 A.D. : Jesus is Crucified, Dies and is Resurrected   35 A.D. : Gospel of Matthew   40 A.D. 40 to 41 A.D. : Book of James 42 A.D. : Gospel of Mark 42 A.D. : Gospel of John (main body of Gospel) (the prologue/epilogue to Gospel not completed until after 95 A.D.)  50 A.D.  50 A.D. : Book of 1Thessalonians - Read Commentary on Book 51 A.D. : Book of 2Thessalonians - Read Commentary on Book 53 A.D. (Spring) : Book of Galatians - Read Commentary on Book 56 A.D. (Late Winter) : Book of 1Corinthians - Read Commentary on Book 57 A.D. (Late Summer) : Book of 2Corinthians - Read Commentary on Book 57 A.D. (Winter) : Book of Romans - Read Commentary on Book 59 A.D. : Gospel of Luke  60 A.D. 61 to 63 A.D. : Book of Ephesians - Read Commentary on Book Book of Philippians - Read Commentary on Book Book of Colossians - Read Commentary on Book Book of Philemon - Read Commentary on Book Book of Hebrews - Read Commentary on Book  63 A.D. : Book of Acts - Read Commentary on Book Book of 1Timothy - Read Commentary on Book Book of Titus - Read Commentary on Book  63 to 64 A.D. : Books of 1John, 2John and 3John  64 to 65 A.D. : Book of 1Peter  65 to 66 A.D. : Book of 2Peter  66 to 67 A.D . : Book of Jude  67 A.D. : Book of 2Timothy - Read Commentary on Book  70 A.D. to 90 A.D. 95 A.D. : Book of Revelation Here's a map showing WHERE the books of the bible were written. http://www.biblestudy.org/maps/location-where-books-of-bible-written-large-map.html  So much more is known about the history of the bible than you are seemingly aware of.  Here's a commentary on 2 Peter: http://www.soniclight.com/constable/notes/pdf/2peter.pdf
Maybe this will help with determining when the bible was canonized, or recognized as inspired of God. http://www.bible.org/page.php?page_id=697 Historically, the word was first used by the church of those doctrines that were accepted as the rule of faith and practice. The term came to be applied to the decisions of the Councils as rules by which to live. All these employ the word in the metaphorical sense of a rule, norm, or standard.  In the course of time, the terms canon and canonical came to be applied to the catalogue or list of sacred books distinguished and honored as belonging to God's inspired Word. "Greek Christians by the fourth century A.D. had given the word a quasi-technical religious meaning, applying it to the Bible, especially to the Jewish books."60  ... It is important to note that religious councils at no time had any power to cause books to be inspired, rather they simply recognized that which God had inspired at the exact moment the books were written.  Jews and conservative Christians alike have recognized the thirty-nine books of the Old Testament as inspired. Evangelical Protestants have recognized the twenty-seven books of the New Testament as inspired. Roman Catholics have a total of eighty books because they recognize the Apocrypha as semicanonical.
The date of the individual components is important because works that substantially post date the death of the supposed author cannot be considered credible. The argument I am making is that the works were assembled on the basis of their provenance and their addition of something that wasn't found in the other books. Some works were left out simply because they were derivative.
I am not disputing that Christians forged texts that much is apparent from the historical sources, (Archie's obsession with theological sources is misguided here hence the comedy value of his posts, Does he really want me to slap him with the Mahabharata again? The compilation is a historical event with specific characters, thus his vague theological link misses entirely.) however that does not hold true for *all* the texts which have been omitted and the decisions were taken by individuals. Frankly I couldn't give a rats arse about it, it's an ancient historical footnote. However the amount of flak coming up from both ends of the religious spectrum does suggest I'm onto something and their continued attempts to redirect to the canon would suggest that there&#8217;s something in the omitted texts they're uncomfortable with.  Personally, I don't see what the big deal is. In my opinion (as someone who has read a lot of the early church writings) it is clear from writings of very early people like Clement, Ignatius, Justn Martyr, etc that what we consider orthodoxy was indeed orthodoxy from the get-go, and so it is only fair that they had some sense of wanting to keep out writings that they didn't consider accurate or genuine. People sometimes bring this us as if it indicates something bad about Christianity or early Christianity, but why should they have allowed writings into the canon that they considered spurious? (Now whether the canonical writings we have are spurious too is another debate--the bottom line is that THEY--the early Christians--didn't feel at the time that the NT books in our canon were spurious for the most part.)   Now one of the things people will sometimes say is "well, THOSE Christians won the day, and the Gnostics/Arians didn't, so there may have been gnostic or Arian writers that got suppressed so we don't really know." Well, you could ALWAYS make that argument about ANYTHING. We don't come to hard conclusions based on material for which we have no idea was there--a speculative basis--we come to hard conclusions based on what IS there. Sure, there's a general understanding with history the winners write the history, but that doesn't mean we go back and fill in blanks or overwrite what we accept with speculation.
I've just done a bit of hunting around, and I can't find anything to say Jerome had anything to do with the compilation of the Bible, only the translation of the Latin vulgate, which I'll gladly admit is not an accurate translation.  As for why I have argued the point, I think the truth is important, and I think it's two easy to take a blanket "oh, it was all political so we can't trust any of it" approach to the Bible, and this is done largely in a manner that resembles special pleading. No other historical source or collection of sources is questionned with anything like this level of intensity or scepticism. It smacks of an attempt to justify ones own disbelief by discrediting the evidence. It doesn't seem to be about a search for the truth, only to justify a preconcieved position.
On the contrary, a book which is claimed to contain the inspired word of a creator God must of necessity meet the highest standards of evidence. It might turn out to be only a highly edited collection of the creation myths of a group of bronze-age sheep-herders!  Except we're talking about the New Testament at the moment, not the Old.
If I wanted a justification for disbelief I'd quote Galileo, it's much easier.  Disbelief over what? Religion in general? Galileo was a religious believer.
Scripture: (What has the topic been over the past few pages?)  There is no reason to assume Galileo rejected or 'disbelieved' in scripture, either. In fact he argued that heliocentrism was NOT contrary to scripture. Therefore if you go by Galileo, you'd conclude the scriptures support science in terms of what his discoveries.
Under threat of execution... Scripture can be used to argue anything, including mutaully exclusive positions, as stated in the last quote. Scripture is irrelavent to science.  There are those who believe in the primacy of scricpture and those who believe in the primacy of observation. It is clear from the first quote which side Galileo was on. I also stated that I would use quotes from Galileo if I felt I required a justification for my disbelief in scripture.  But nothing Galileo said has to do with disbelief in scripture. Disbelief in scripture is not the same thing as saying it's irrelevant to science.
It contradicts that which we can observe, given the contradiction between observation and scripture I will discard scripture and go with my own observations. Several Creationists have argued for the opposite. Whether my observations are in the context of science or those of everyday life; eg. a day trip to Jerusalem, 11/11/1997, Observation outranks anything written on any piece of paper.  Only if you take those passages literally. You're only looking at the Bible here in the literal sense. Why should a literal approach is the only way to look at scripture?
We're talking about the whole lot from Genesis to the "return from Babylon", the text contradicts the archaelogy right up to the Alexandrian conquest. That includes all the OT prophets.  No it doesn't. Where are you getting your information on stuff like this?
